
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus: All we know so far

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 908 words


The D-Day has finally arrived. Apple will today unveil its latest iPhones --
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Like all Apple devices, the new iPhones too have
been ruling the tech rumour mill since past many months. As we are just hours
away from Apple CEO Tim Cook's keynote address, we have tried to answer some
questions that you may have about the smartphones as per all the information and
leaks swirling on the internet.

What is iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus' launch date?Today. Apple is launching the
two new smartphones at an event in San Francisco today, starting at 10 pm IST.
When will iPhone 7 go on sale in India?There are no official confirmation on
this, however, according to the noted tipster Evan Blass iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus will go on sale on Friday September 16 2016 in the US. According to a
report, some 3,70,000 units of Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have been
shipped from Foxconn. The devices are expected to reach UK, The Netherlands,
Italy and the US.As for India, we can expect Apple to launch the devices in
India before Diwali (which falls on October 30).How can I watch the iPhone 7
launch event live?Apple enthusiasts in India can watch the livestream of the
event starting at 10:30 pm on Wednesday, September 7. The livestream can be
watched on iOS-based devices running version 7.0 or above and Mac computers with
OS X v10.8.5 or above and Safari version 6.0.6 or above. Windows users can watch
the event on their Windows 10 PCs, via Microsoft Edge browser.How will iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus look?Apple is reportedly not introducing any design changes in
its upcoming iPhones. The screen sizes of the two smartphones too are likely to
be same as the current-generation iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, 4.7 inch and 5.5
inch respectively. Apple is expected to drop the 3.5mm headphone jack and
replace it with lightning connectors instead, this is likely to reduce the
thickness of the handsets by a few millimetres.Users looking forward to a design
change will have to wait for another year. As Apple is said to be planning major
design upgrade for its next year's iPhones as it celebrates ten years of iPhone
launch.Likely to be called iPhone 8, the smartphone is rumoured to offer
"significant innovations" including full-glass OLED screen and new haptic
feedback features.Will iPhone 7 get a RAM boost?Yes, Apple is likely to give 1GB
RAM boost to both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. While iPhone 7 is rumoured to pack
2GB RAM, it is 3GB for iPhone 7 Plus. What will be the likely price of iPhone 7?
Again, there are absolutely no official hints about this. However, a recent
report in Phoneradar claimed to have revealed the two new iPhones Chinese
pricing. While the iPhone 7 32GB is said to cost CNY 5288, the 128GB and 256GB
variants are expected to costs CNY 6088 and CNY 7088 respectively. As for the
larger and more powerful iPhone 7 Plus, the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions are
supposed to come with a price tag of CNY 6088, CNY 6888 and CNY 7888
respectively.Converting the prices to Indian currency, the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
of iPhone 7 would approximately cost Rs 53,000, Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250
respectively. While 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would
roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs 69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.Is Apple phasing
out the 16GB model?Yes, Apple is expected to phase out the 16GB variant for both
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. This means that both Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus models will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants.What will be the USP of
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus?The biggest USP of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is said
to be dual-camera set-up. The duo are rumoured to sport two rear 12MP cameras
that can record 4K resolution videos in 60 frames per second. To improve the
camera experience, the handsets might feature four camera flash LEDs instead of
two LEDs that are there in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models.The company is
also said to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack and replace it with lightning
connectors instead. The company is also expected to launch wireless
Bluetooth-enabled earpods.The upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones
are also likely to feature dual speakers placed at the bottom of the handset.
The speakers are expected to deliver richer sound and enhance the media-viewing
experience. Is Apple really dropping headphone jack in the new iPhones?Yes most
likely. There are very strong rumours that Apple is bidding good bye to 3.5mm
headphone jack in the new iPhones. The company is said to be replacing it with
lightning connectors. Apple is also expected to launch wireless
Bluetooth-enabled earpods. What will be the processor in new iPhones?Apple
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are expected to run on the company's latest A10
processor. Manufactured by TSMC, the new chip will offer a maximum clock speed
of 2.4 GHz.Will the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in new colours?Yes, Apple is
adding new colour options to its iPhone lineup. The company is likely to add
'dark black' and 'glossy piano black' variants to the range.These may replace
the existing 'space grey' coloured variant.Is Apple launching something else too
at the iPhone 7 launch event?Yes, Apple is expected to launch the
second-generation Apple Watch at today's event. The company is also expected to
showcase wireless headphones, perhaps some from Beats, which Apple bought two
years ago in a deal valued at $3 billion.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus: What is the difference

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


Apple's newest iPhones are out. Called iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, both come
with new features and enhancements over the previous-generation iPhones. Wonder
what's the difference between the two (of course, other than the screen size)?

Here's breaking up the key specifications of both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus for
you to decid. Screen The screen size of both the new iPhones, iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, remains the same as that of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. Apple
iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch display while iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch display.
Display resolutionThe resolution too remains same as the previous-generation
iPhones: 1,334 x 750 pixels on iPhone 7 and 1,920 x 1,080 pixels on iPhone 7
Plus.Storage and RAMBoth iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are said to have 2GB RAM.
The smartphones come in three variants, as per storage, 32GB, 128 GB and 256GB.
This means while the RAM has doubled in iPhone 7 (iPhone 6s had 1GB RAM), it is
same for iPhone 7 Plus as iPhone 6S Plus too had 2GB RAM).ProcessorBoth the
latest iPhones run on Apple A10 Fusion chipset. Apple's senior vice president
for marketing, Phil Schiller, said that the A10 Fusion chip will allow for
"console level gaming on an iPhone."CameraThis is where the biggest difference
is. While the cameras in both the smartphones have got a major upgrade, iPhone 7
Plus camera is more powerful. iPhone 7 Plus has a two 12-megapixel sensor with a
telephoto lens.iPhone 7 has 12 megapixel rear camera, with f/1.8 aperture, Focus
Pixels, Optical Image Stabilisation, quad-LED (dual tone) flash, 4K video
recording. The front camera on both the smartphones is 7MP.BatteryAccording to
Apple, iPhone 7 Plus has slightly better battery backup than iPhone 7. This may
account to 2-3 hours more depending on the nature of the usage. It is same in
the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The bigger-screen iPhone 6S Plus offers
slightly better battery life than the smaller screen iPhone 6S.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 rumour mill

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, May 4 -- Apple won't release its next-generation iPhone until the
fall of 2016, so there are still months of development ahead. For the current
time, Apple's flagship iPhones are the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus,
released to the public in September of 2015.

Though it will be several months before the new iPhone launches, rumors about
the device started trickling out in January of 2016. We've already gleaned many
details about the upcoming iPhone, giving us some information on what to expect
when it launches.

Since the 3GS launched in 2009, Apple has used an alternating "S" naming formula
to mark years where the iPhone does not receive a major redesign, saving its
numbered upgrades for years where design changes are introduced.

The next-generation iPhone is expected to be called the iPhone 7. 2015 marked an
"S" iPhone upgrade year that introduced new features such as an improved camera
and a better processor, but 2016 will bring an even-year upgrade that will
include an all-new iPhone design in addition to new features.

Apple will continue releasing two versions of each iPhone, so we can expect to
see an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7 Plus in 2016. Apple is said to be planning to
stick to the 4.7- and 5.5-inch screen sizes it first introduced with the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus.

Apple is still working on finalizing the iPhone 7's body so we don't know
exactly what it will look like, but multiple rumors suggest it continues to use
a design similar to the design of the iPhone 6s.

It is said to have the same general shape, but it may have a camera that
protrudes less (though rumors currently disagree on this point).

Antenna bands across the back of the device have been removed, but are expected
to remain at the top, bottom, and sides of the iPhone.

Some rumors suggest Apple is aiming to make the iPhone 7 thinner, perhaps
through the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack and the implementation of a
thinner Lightning port, but other rumors suggest the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will
have a body that is the same thickness as the iPhone 6s.

With no headphone jack, wired headphones will connect to the iPhone 7 using its
Lightning port and Bluetooth headphones will connect wirelessly.

Apple is rumored to be working on Lightning-equipped EarPods to sell alongside
the iPhone 7.

Apple may be planning replace the headphone jack on the iPhone 7 with a second
speaker for stereo audio, but there has been some contention over this rumor.

An image of a device said to be the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced depicting a Smart
Connector on the back of the shell, suggesting that is another potential
feature, but it is not yet clear what it would be used for.

Internal specs for the iPhone 7 aren't yet known, but we can speculate Apple
will continue on its path of introducing more powerful, efficient devices with
each design iteration. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are expected to include
next-generation A10 processors manufactured by TSMC.

There are rumored to be some distinguishing features between the iPhone 7 and
the larger-screened iPhone 7 Plus. The iPhone 7 may ship with 2GB RAM, while the
iPhone 7 Plus could include 3GB RAM, and there is said to be a different camera
system in the iPhone 7 Plus that uses two cameras instead of one.

The iPhone 7 will likely continue to use a standard single-lens camera as
multiple sources have said the dual lens camera is exclusive to the 5.5-inch
iPhone.

According to rumors, Apple may actually be planning to introduce two versions of
the iPhone 7 Plus -- one with a single lens like the iPhone 7 and a second with
a dual-lens camera system that offers DSLR-like image quality with 2-3x optical
zoom and improved performance in low light conditions.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Northlines (India)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus: What to expect?

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Sept. 2 -- In less than a week's time the world is going to go crazy. One
more time. Those who are even remotely aware of Apple's annual launch events
must also be aware of the mania that surrounds new iPhone every year. On
September 7, Apple will launch iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.Since the launch of
iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, rumors of iPhone 7 had already started coming in. And by now
we have a fair idea of what this phone will be all about. The keyword here is
"idea". Nothing is confirmed yet.

Here's a list of all the specifications, features and everything in and about
iPhone 7 that have leaked on internet:

- Some were expecting Apple to come up with a revolutionary design, but the
reports so far have suggested otherwise. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will
look more or less like the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

- There are going to be changes but they will most likely be incremental. The
leaked images of both the phones have shown redesigned antenna lines. No, they
won't be in a cool, snazzy shape but simply moved towards the edges. The bigger
phone, iPhone 7 Plus, is expected to come with a dual-camera. So that can be
counted as a new design element.

- Continuing on the camera specs, the iPhone 7 Plus' dual-camera is rumoured to
be equipped with a wider, brighter lens. This means iPhone's already good photos
will get better.

- iPhone 7 will have a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 7 Plus will get a
5.5-inch screen.

- Another prominent change will be the absence of 3.5mm audio jack from iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus. A recent report has suggested Apple will unveil a new Dr Dre
Beats product at the event. Could this be the bundled earphone? It could be.

- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are most probably getting the latest A10 processor.
Considering A9 was already one of the fastest processors out there, Apple can't
go wrong with A10.

- Apple is also planning to kill the 16GB iPhone. Reports have suggest that the
company will even launch a 256GB iPhone this year.

- The smaller iPhone will carry 2GB RAM and iPhone 7 Plus will most likely have
3GB of RAM.

- Following Apple's tradition, iOS 10 will roll out with the launch of iPhone 7
and 7 Plus. The OS is already in beta stage.

- Some reports have also suggested that Apple will drop the home button from
both the phones. This means the physical home button will be replaced by a
touch-sensitive surface, which will also double up as the fingerprint sensor.

After the launch of the phones, Apple is expected to start shipping from
September 16. But for Indian users the date could stretch to late September or
even October.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are not expected to be pricier than their
predecessors considering the falling sales. The iPhone 7 should be priced around
Rs 62,000 and iPhone 7 Plus should cost somewhere around Rs 72,000.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Northlines. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Northlines
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 5:22 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1057 words


Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of
the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution

In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black",
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - but there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 5:22 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1057 words


Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of
the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution

In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black",
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - but there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 8:57 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1063 words


Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of
the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black",
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - but there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 8:57 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1063 words


Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of
the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black",
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - but there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launched: Everything you need to know

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 591  words


Let's take a look at an entirely new generation of the iPhone.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco. The
company says it is the "best iPhone" they have ever created.

The iPhone 7 is priced at $649 (approximately Rs 43,000) for the 32GB storage
variant while the iPhone 7 Plus start at $769 (Rs 51,000). The company scrapped
the 16GB variant and added two new models, 128GB and 256GB. The AirPods will
cost $159 (approximately Rs 10,000) and will not come in the box.

Pre-orders begin on September 9 while the devices will ship on September 13 in
select countries. The new iOS10 comes out September 13. It is believed that the
iPhone 7 models will launch in India on October 7, with the iPhone 7 base model
starting at Rs 60,000 respectively.

Design

The design for the iPhone 7 models looks awfully similar to the iPhone 6s.
However, Apple has ditched the headphone jack and installed dual speaker grills
on the bottom of the device instead. Apple announced new wireless earbuds,
called the AirPods. Apart from the silver, gold and rose gold color variants,
Apple introduced two-new black finishes, called black, jet (glossy) black. Apple
says that the new jet black finish is accomplished through an innovative
nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform, glossy finish. The
new iPhones are now water resistant (IP67), offering protection against spills,
splashes and dust. The home button is now Force Touch sensitive as well. Lastly,
a second-generation fingerprint sensor is built into the new Home button too.

Display

The iPhone 7 sports a 4.7-inch LED Multi-touch display with a 1334X750 pixel
resolution at 326 ppi whereas the iPhone 7 Plus sports a 5.5-inch LED
Multi-touch display with a 1920X1080 pixel resolution at 401 ppi. The iPhone 7
comes with a Retina HD display that's 25 percent brighter than the iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus. Apple's Phil Schiller is confident in the quality of the iPhone
7 display and has touted it as being the "best display on any smartphone."

Processor and storage

The new iPhones include a new A10 Fusion chip with a 64-bit embedded M10 motion
coprocessor. This chip is said to be 40 percent faster than the A9. Apple's Phil
Shiller stated that the new A10 fusion is 120 times faster than an original
iPhone. However, the most significant change the chip will play is for the
battery life. Apple stated that the new chip lets the iPhone 7 last more than
two hours more than the iPhone 6S, making it the "longest battery life ever in
an iPhone."

Apple finally ditched the 16GB storage variant for the new iPhones. The iPhone 7
and iphone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants.

Camera

The iPhone 7 packs in a 12MP camera with quad-LED with True Tone Flash a new
6-element f/1.8 aperture lens. It includes a new 7MP front facing camera. The
iPhone 7 Plus packs in a dual rear camera setup, out of which one sports a 56mm
telephoto lens and the other, a wide-angle lens. The devices also include
optical image stabilization (OIS). They include 4K video recording at 30 fps and
are capable of 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps. The iPhone 7 offers
a digital zoom up to 3x while the iPhone 7 Plus offers an optical zoom at 2x
along with a digital zoom of up to 6x respectively.

Battery

Though exact details have not been shared regarding the battery, the iPhone 7 is
said to last up to 2 hours longer battery life than iPhone 6s while the iPhone 7
Plus has a battery life which is said to last up to 1 hour longer than iPhone 6s
Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple launch?;

If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 5:52 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1050 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 5:52 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1050 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 9:50 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 9:50 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 8:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 8:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:36 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 10:47 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:36 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 10:47 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 8:23 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 8:23 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

7th heaven for Apple fans

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 966  words


dna of technology

We take a quick look at all that has happened at the Apple event in San
Fransisco. And here's a sneak peak of the specifications, tentative prices for
the newly launched Apple devices: iphone 7, iphone 7 Plus, Apple Watch Series 2
and the Apple AirPods.

Everything you need to know about iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus

Apple CEO, Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at an event in San
Francisco.   The company says, it's the "best iPhone" they have ever created.
Pre-orders begin on September 9 while the devices will ship on September 13 in
select countries. In India, the iPhone 7 models will launched on October 7.

Same old design

New iPhone 7 models looks very similar to the iPhone 6s. However, Apple has
ditched the headphone jack and instead, installed dual speaker grills on the
bottom of the device. The makers have also announced AirPods- the new wireless
earbuds and have also introduced two-new black finishes, called black, jet
(glossy) black apart from the silver, gold and rose gold color variants.. Apple
says that the new jet black finish is accomplished through an innovative
nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform, glossy finish. The
iPhones 7  and 7 Plus models are water resistant (IP67), offering protection
against spills, splashes and dust. The home button is now Force Touch sensitive
as well. Lastly, a second-generation fingerprint sensor is built into the new
Home button.

Multi touch display

The iPhone 7 sports a 4.7-inch LED Multi-touch display with a 1334X750 pixel
resolution at 326 ppi whereas the iPhone 7 Plus sports a 5.5-inch LED
Multi-touch display with a 1920X1080 pixel resolution at 401 ppi. The iPhone 7
comes with a Retina HD display that's 25 percent brighter than the iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus. Apple's Phil Schiller is confident in the quality of the iPhone
7 display and has touted it as being the "best display on any smartphone."

Faster processor

The new iPhones include a new A10 Fusion chip with a 64-bit embedded M10 motion
coprocessor. This chip is said to be 40 percent faster than the A9. Apple's Phil
Shiller stated that the new A10

fusion is 120 times faster than an original iPhone, saving a more battery.

Longest battery life ever

The iPhone 7 is said to have the "Longest battery life ever in an iPhone" and
lasts 14 hours when using WiFi and 12 hours on 4G LTE, while  the iPhone 7 Plus
lasts 15 hours on both WiFi and 4G. On average, it  lasts two more hours than
iPhone 6s and an iPhone 7 Plus last one more hour than the 6s Plus varient.

Ample storage

The company has scrapped the 16GB variant and added two new models, 128GB and
256GB for the new iPhones. The iPhone 7 and iphone 7 Plus will be available in
32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants.

Power packed camera

The iPhone 7 packs in a 12MP camera with quad-LED with True Tone Flash a new
6-element f/1.8 aperture lens. It includes a new 7MP front facing camera. The
iPhone 7 Plus packs in a dual rear camera setup, out of which one sports a 56mm
telephoto lens and the other, a wide-angle lens. The devices also include
optical image stabilization (OIS). They include 4K video recording at 30 fps and
are capable of 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps. The iPhone 7 offers
a digital zoom up to 3x while the iPhone 7 Plus offers an optical zoom at 2x
along with a digital zoom of up to 6x.

The new operating system

The new operating system, iOS10 will be launched on September 13. The iOS10 will
have major improvements in Siri, Apple Music, HomeKit, Apple News, Apple Map and
will be compatible  iPhone 7, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5, iPhone
5c, iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad 4, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, iPod touch
sixth-generation onwards.

Pricing and Availability

$649 (approx. Rs43,000) for the 32GB storage variant

iPhone 7 Plus starts at $769 (Rs51,000)

AirPods cost $159 (approx. Rs10,000) To be purchased separately

In India, base models of iPhone 7 likely to be priced from Rs60,000

Wireless AirPods @ Rs15,400

Nothing airy about these pods

Apple introduces AirPods, a pair of wireless headphones to complement Apple
products. The device will be available in India starting in late October.

To set up the device, open the charging case near your iPhone and double tap the
sensors on the side. AirPods set up with all the devices signed into your iCloud
account, including your iPad and Mac. The headphones can switch from a call on
your iPhone to listening to music on your Apple Watch.

The AirPods are equipped with Apple W1 chips, with dual optical sensors and
accelerometers in each AirPod that work with the W1 chip to detect when AirPods
are in your ear, so they only play when a user is ready to listen. Remove them
to automatically pause the music, or just remove one to have a conversation and
automatically resume when you put it back. Users can also access Siri with a
double taping the AirPods to select and control your music, change the volume,
check your battery life or perform any other Siri task. An additional
accelerometer in each AirPod detects when you're speaking, enabling a pair of
beam-forming microphones to focus on the sound of your voice, filtering out
external noise to make your voice sound clearer than ever before.

According to Apple, the ultra-low power Apple W1 chip operates at one-third of
the power of traditional wireless chips, enabling AirPods to deliver up to 5
hours of listening time on one charge while the custom-designed charging case
holds additional charges, for more than 24 hours of total listening time.

Pricing and Availability

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for Rs 15,400 beginning in late October.

AirPods require Apple devices running iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra to work

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Telecom Tiger

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple introduces its best and most advanced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones

LENGTH: 1253  words


"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller

Apple, on Wednesday introduced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most
advanced iPhone ever, packed with unique innovations that improve all the ways
iPhone is used every day. The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems
that take pictures like never before, more power and performance with the best
battery life ever on an iPhone, immersive stereo speakers, wide colour system
from camera to display, two new beautiful finishes, and is the first water and
dust resistant iPhone. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than
25 countries beginning Friday, September 16.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made. The completely redesigned cameras shoot
incredible photos and videos day or night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the sound,
all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the world's most popular camera and make it even
better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colours with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images,
while sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the
background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only
with DSLR cameras.

The new custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that
powers these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone,
while also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever
in an iPhone. The A10 Fusion's CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating
two high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and
two high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the
power of the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful,
running up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power,
enabling a new level of gaming and professional apps.

Both phones include support for up to 25 LTE bands, for the best worldwide
roaming in the industry, and LTE Advanced for three times faster data rates than
iPhone 6 at up to 450 Mbps.1

New stereo speakers offer amazing and immersive sound that is two times louder
than iPhone 6s, offering increased dynamic range of sound and a higher quality
speakerphone. The new iPhone comes with EarPods with Lightning connector to
deliver incredible sound, as well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that allows
customers to use old headphones and accessories.

New AirPods, Apple's innovative new wireless headphones, weave simplicity and
technology together to reinvent the wireless experience making headphones easy
to use. Featuring the new Apple W1 chip, AirPods have extremely efficient
wireless communication for a better connection, improved sound and
industry-leading battery life. AirPods harness the power of Siri, allowing you
to access your favourite personal assistant with just a double tap.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in a gorgeous design in silver, gold and
rose gold finishes and introduce two all-new black finishes, a beautiful black
finish that has an anodised matte appearance, and an innovative jet black finish
that has a deep, high-gloss look. The new jet black finish is accomplished
through an innovative nine-step process of anodisation and polish for a uniform,
glossy finish. An entirely reengineered enclosure results in a water resistant
iPhone offering protection like never before against spills, splashes and dust.2

The new iPhone features the brightest, most colourful Retina HD display ever in
an iPhone, now with a wide colour gamut for cinema-standard colours, greater
colour saturation and the best colour management in the smartphone industry. An
all-new, advanced, solid-state Home button on iPhone 7 is designed to be durable
and responsive, and working in tandem with the new Taptic Engine, provides more
precise and customisable tactile feedback.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system. iOS 10 introduces a huge update
to Messages that delivers more expressive and animated ways to message friends
and family, the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, new ways to
interact with apps and even more places to use 3D Touch, beautifully redesigned
Maps, Photos and Apple Music, and the Home app, delivering a simple and secure
way to manage home automation products in one place. iOS 10 also opens up
incredible opportunities for developers with Siri, Maps, Phone and Messages
APIs, allowing customers to do more than ever with the apps they love to use.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the
new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at MRP INR 60,000 and
the new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple Authorised Resellers and select carriers.

Customers will be able to order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday,
September 9, with availability beginning Friday, September 16, in Australia,
Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the
UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia beginning Friday, September
23. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will also be available to customers in India
beginning Friday, October 7.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for MRP INR15,400 beginning in late October. All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus models will include EarPods with Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5
mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold separately for MRP INR 2,500 and MRP INR
900, respectively.

Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colours will be available starting at MRP INR 2,900 and iPhone 7 Smart Battery
Case will be offered in black and white for MRP INR 8,900. Lightning Docks in
several colour-matching metallic finishes will also be available for MRP INR
3,700.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Telecom Tiger, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 939 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 939 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 7:51 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:24 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and key features of Apple's new iPhone;

Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:17 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and key features of Apple's new iPhone;

Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 7:51 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:24 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and key features of Apple's new iPhone;

Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Introduces iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Best, Most Advanced iPhone Ever

LENGTH: 1648  words


Sept. 7 -- Apple today introduced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most
advanced iPhone ever, packed with unique innovations that improve all the ways
iPhone is used every day. The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems
that take pictures like never before, more power and performance with the best
battery life ever in an iPhone, immersive stereo speakers, wide color system
from camera to display, two new beautiful finishes, and is the first water and
dust resistant iPhone. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than
25 countries beginning Friday, September 16.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing. "The completely redesigned cameras shoot
incredible photos and videos day or night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the sound,
all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone."

New Advanced Camera Systems

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the world's most popular camera and make it even
better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilization on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide color capture allows for more vibrant colors with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images,
while sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the
background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only
with DSLR cameras.

Additional Camera Advancements Include:

* New Apple-designed Image Signal Processor, which processes over 100 billion
operations on a single photo in as little as 25 milliseconds, resulting in
incredible photos and videos;

* New 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with wide color capture, advanced pixel
technology and auto image stabilization for even better selfies; and

* New Quad-LED True Tone flash that is 50 percent brighter than iPhone 6s
including an innovative sensor that detects the flickering in lights and
compensates for it in videos and photos.

More Performance & Battery Life

The new custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that
powers these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone,
while also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever
in an iPhone. The A10 Fusion's CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating
two high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and
two high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the
power of the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful,
running up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power,
enabling a new level of gaming and professional apps.

Both phones include support for up to 25 LTE bands, for the best worldwide
roaming in the industry, and LTE Advanced for three times faster data rates than
iPhone 6 at up to 450 Mbps.[1] For customers in Japan, iPhone will now support
the leading FeliCa contactless technology, bringing the ability to use credit
and prepaid cards, including on iD and QuicPay domestic networks, and Suica,
Japan's dominant transit card issued by JR East, the world's largest transit
operator.

An Amazing Audio Experience

New stereo speakers offer amazing and immersive sound that is two times louder
than iPhone 6s, offering increased dynamic range of sound and a higher quality
speakerphone. The new iPhone comes with EarPods with Lightning connector to
deliver incredible sound, as well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that allows
customers to use old headphones and accessories.

New AirPods, Apple's innovative new wireless headphones, weave simplicity and
technology together to reinvent the wireless experience making headphones easy
to use. Featuring the new Apple W1 chip, AirPods have extremely efficient
wireless communication for a better connection, improved sound and
industry-leading battery life. AirPods harness the power of Siri, allowing you
to access your favorite personal assistant with just a double tap.

Design That Makes a Splash

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in a gorgeous design in silver, gold and
rose gold finishes and introduce two all-new black finishes, a beautiful black
finish that has an anodized matte appearance, and an innovative jet black finish
that has a deep, high-gloss look. The new jet black finish is accomplished
through an innovative nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform,
glossy finish. An entirely reengineered enclosure results in a water resistant
iPhone offering protection like never before against spills, splashes and
dust.[2]

The new iPhone features the brightest, most colorful Retina HD display ever in
an iPhone, now with a wide color gamut for cinema-standard colors, greater color
saturation and the best color management in the smartphone industry. An all-new,
advanced, solid-state Home button on iPhone 7 is designed to be durable and
responsive, and working in tandem with the new Taptic Engine, provides more
precise and customizable tactile feedback.

Featuring iOS 10, the Biggest iOS Release Ever

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system. iOS 10 introduces a huge update
to Messages that delivers more expressive and animated ways to message friends
and family, the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, new ways to
interact with apps and even more places to use 3D Touch, beautifully redesigned
Maps, Photos, Apple Music and News apps, and the Home app, delivering a simple
and secure way to manage home automation products in one place. iOS 10 also
opens up incredible opportunities for developers with Siri, Maps, Phone and
Messages APIs, allowing customers to do more than ever with the apps they love
to use.

Pricing & Availability

* iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and
the new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at $649 (US), and
the new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from apple.com, Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select
carriers.

* Through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, customers in the US, and for the first
time in the UK and China, can get an unlocked iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, with
the protection of AppleCare+, choose their carrier and have the opportunity to
upgrade to a new iPhone every year. The iPhone Upgrade Program is available at
apple.com and Apple Stores in the US with monthly payments starting at $32.[3]

* Customers will be able to order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday,
September 9, with availability beginning Friday, September 16, in Australia,
Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the
UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.

* iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia beginning Friday, September
23. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will also be available to customers in India
beginning Friday, October 7.

* The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for $159 (US) from apple.com and Apple Stores beginning in late
October. All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with
Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately at apple.com and Apple Stores, for $29 (US) and $9 (US),
respectively.

* Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colors will be available starting at $35 (US) and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for $99 (US) from apple.com and Apple Stores.
Lightning Docks in several color-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for $49 (US).

* Every customer who buys iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus from Apple will be offered
free Personal Setup, in-store or online[4], to help them customize their iPhone
by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

* Anyone who wants to learn more about iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus or iOS 10 can
register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh
in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac,
Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple's four software platforms - iOS, macOS, watchOS
and tvOS - provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower
people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple
Pay and iCloud. Apple's 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best
products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.

This document has footnotes and they may be found at:
(http://www.apple.com/newsroom/2016/09/apple-introduces-iphone-7-iphone-7
-plus.html).

Source: Apple

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus: Dual-lens camera to AirPods, here's what Apple
unveiled

BYLINE: nandagopal rajan

LENGTH: 589  words


The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have been announced. They will be available
in India exactly a month later, from October 7. Even if you have read the
stories of the launch and the new features, we are sure there are a lot of
questions lingering in your minds about the new phones. We try to answer them
here.

What all were announced at the Apple event?

Apple announced two new phones, the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5inch iPhone 7
Plus. There is also the latest version of the Apple Watch called the Series 2,
as well as a new wireless headset called the Apple AirPod.

What is new in Apple iPhone 7?

The design is a bit different as the lines have given way to solid colour, among
them a matte-finish solid black and glossy jet black versions. Also, the iPhone
7 Plus has a dual camera set-up which makes it look different in the rear. Also,
both phones no longer have the headphone jack and will connect to audio devices
using the lightning port. The home button now offers haptic feedback and you
will feel a buzz from time to time. Both phones will be powered by a quad-core
A10 Fusion processor with two high-efficiency and two high-power cores each.
Apple claims the battery life will be at least two hours more than the earlier
versions.

What is Apple iPhone 7 price in India?

The Apple iPhone 7 is priced in India at Rs 60,000 onwards. Apple has not
announced prices of the iPhone 7 Plus for India. We expect this pricing to be at
least Rs 10,000 more given that the US price difference is $120 between the two.
We will know the final pricing closer to the launch date.

Is the Apple iPhone 7 price cheaper this time?

Yes, because the iPhone 6s was launched in India with a pricing of Rs 62,000. If
you consider that the price was for a 16GB model, buyers will get more value
this time as the base model now is 32GB.

So, is the 16GB iPhone dead?

Yes, pretty much. In fact, even the last year's version will now start from
32GB. While there is no 16GB in the new models, here is no 64GB either. So the
price differential from 32GB to 128GB and 256GB will be quite significant. Brace
for that.

&lt;strong>Read more here:Why Apple's dual rear camera is a big deal&lt;/strong>
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/iphone-7/apple-iphone-7-plus-
iphone-7-dual-camera-specifications-price-india-launch-3020185/)

Is there a 3.5mm headphone jack in the phones?

No, there is no 3.5mm headphone jack. Apple has moved on to the lightning port
to connect the headphone. However, it understands that a lot of its users will
have good headphones with the older pin and hence the new phones will come with
a lightning to 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter. We can almost hear you say thank
God for that.

Do both phones have the dual camera?

No, only the iPhone 7 Plus has a dual camera. The iPhone 7 has a better camera
now, but the wide-angle, telephoto combination is limited to the top-end iPhone
7 Plus. However, the iPhone 7 camera now has optical image stabilisation. The
iPhone 7 Plus on the other hand has a up to 2X optical zoom and 10x digital
zoom.

&lt;strong>Read: First impressions of the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus&lt;/strong>
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/iphone-7/apple-iphone-7-iphone-7
-plus-first-impressions-3019468/)

What is the difference between the two models?

Except for the size, the only differentiator between the two models is the dual
camera. And contrary to initial reports, the larger one does not come with more
RAM to cater to the needs of the camera.

Disclaimer: The author in San Francisco on Apple's invite.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       October 7, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Jio to Bring IPHONE 7, IPHONE 7 Plus to India with Unprecedented Experience

LENGTH: 459  words


Oct. 7 -- Welcome to the next gen iPhones on the only-4G all-IP network in
India. Jio announced it will offer the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best,
most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and
water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 Fusion chip, which is
the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life
ever in an iPhone.

All Jio customers purchasing a new iPhone will receive 12 months of Jio Digital
Services complimentary with purchase. This offer will be available for new
iPhone purchases across all Reliance Digital stores and select Apple Premium
Resellers (APR) and Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio. "Jio is
India's 4G-only network, providing high- speed internet across India. The true
power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the Jio
network."

For the first time on a mobile network in India, iPhone customers on the Jio
Network will be able to watch 300+ channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime
and enjoy high definition voice calling.

Exceptional Service Experience

Home Delivery and Activation: Convenient and personalized Jio SIM activation
experience at your doorstep

Express priority experience at Jio stores: Walk into any Reliance Digital store
and get access to priority Jio SIM activation

Jio for iPhone Customers

Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of
complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited
local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB
of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio
Applications.

Great Value Proposition for Enterprise

All Enterprise customers can get an exclusive discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone 7
plus iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff
plans. Details available on www.jio.com/apple

Both the above offers have been brought to you by Reliance Retail.

IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. Customers can pre-order
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in Reliance Digital
stores and online at www.jio.com/apple. IPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability, please visit: www.jio.com/apple. For more information
on iPhone, please visit: www.apple.com/in/iphone/.

Source: Reliance Retail

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 6s versus iPhone 7: Which smartphone should you spend your Rs
60,000 on?;
Does it make sense to buy the iPhone 6s (128 GB), or spend an equivalent amount
on the iPhone 7 (32 GB)? We try to make the decision easier for you.-- Delivered
by Feed43 service

BYLINE: Smriti Jain

LENGTH: 665  words


Does it make sense to buy the iPhone 6s (128 GB), or spend an equivalent amount
on the iPhone 7 (32 GB)? We try to make the decision easier for you.

Apple has predictably slashed the prices of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus,
just ahead of the launch of its latest smartphones iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus. The
Cupertino-based technology giant has cut prices of the highest storage variant
by Rs 22,000! Now, the iPhone 6s (128 GB) costs Rs 60,000 and the iPhone 6s (32
GB) has priced at Rs 50,000. The prices of iPhone 6s Plus have been cut too,
with the 128 GB variant costing Rs 70,000 and the 32 GB model priced at Rs
60,000.

Apple has also declared the prices of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. While
iPhone 7 starts from Rs 60,000 and goes up to Rs 80,000, the iPhone 7 Plus base
variant costs Rs 72,000 and the prices go up to Rs 92,000. The new phones will
start retailing in India from October 7 onwards. One of the first things that
stand out in the whole price cut move is that now, iPhone 7 base variant and the
iPhone 6s highest storage model cost the same - that is Rs 60,000. So as a
prospective buyer of the iPhone, what should you do? Does it make sense to buy
the iPhone 6s (128 GB), or spend an equivalent amount on the iPhone 7 (32 GB)?
We try to make the decision easier for you by asking a few experts and also
comparing the important specifications of these two models.

Peter Richardson, Research Director, Tech Strategies at Counterpoint Research is
of the view that the iPhone 7 is a better choice. "The reasons are the much more
powerful and energy efficient processor, slightly improved battery performance
and better camera. These are things the consumer will benefit from in daily
use," Richardson told FE Online. "Furthermore the new iPhone 7 is water and dust
resistant, so it will be more resilient in the face of the trials and
tribulations of everyday life. What this means in the longer term is a better
resale value when the consumer comes to sell the device at some point in the
future," he explains. "So, although the starting price is approximately the
same, looking at the lifetime cost of ownership, the iPhone 7 will likely be the
better choice," he adds.

However, Richardson maintains that the iPhone 6s is a "very good product" to
buy. "128GB is a huge amount of storage - more than enough for storing vast
numbers of photos, music files, and even quite a few movies. Until the launch of
iPhone 7, iPhone 6s is the best iPhone available and among the best smartphones
of any type. So even after the launch of iPhone 7, it will remain a very good
product," he says. "However, if the consumer can live with 'only' 32GB storage,
it will likely make more sense to wait a few weeks for the new model," he
concludes.

Jaipal Singh, Market Analyst, Client Devices, IDC India feels that people who
prefer better storage would likely go for the iPhone 6s. "Users who prefer
higher storage in their devices would like to buy the iPhone 6s 128 GB variant
as it has become more affordable. The current price cuts can be seen as an
inventory cleaning exercise from Apple. Price cuts will also create space for
the new versions of iPhones which are going to hit the market in October in the
similar price range," Singh told FE Online. "In India, older versions of iPhones
get higher traction as compared to the latest versions. After a few price cuts
these older versions fall in the budget of many consumers and provide an
opportunity for aspirants to enter into the Apple ecosystem," Singh adds.

While the price cuts normally make the iPhones more 'affordable', this time
round the slightly lower launch prices of the new smartphones have to an extent
reduced that difference. The iPhone 7 is actually launching at a price which is
Rs 2,000 less than the launch price of iPhone 6s! So, in that sense, we would
say that unless your smartphone's storage is a very crucial factor that drives
your purchase decision, it may very well make sense to wait for the new iPhone
7!

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

iPhone 7 pre-orders open: UK mobile operators announce pricing ahead of iPhone 7
release;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released next week

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 880 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled this week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

iPhone 7 pre-orders open: UK mobile operators announce pricing ahead of iPhone 7
release;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released next week

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 880 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled this week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              March 4, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7: Features, specs, release day and all the rumours

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 4 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Much have been said, heard and read about Apple's new smartphone, the iPhone 7
that is likely to see the light of day during the company's annual event in
September later this year.


 Interestingly, Apple is all set to launch a new smartphone, the iPhone SE
during the March 21 event, a first March event for the company.
 MUST READ
 Apple to launch new smartphone iPhone SE on March 22
 Having said that, what has been creating buzz in the gadget world is the
features, specs and launch date of iPhone 7 during Apple Event in September.
 Here is a round up of the rumours about the Apple iPhone 7.
 Leaks confirmed iPhone 7 for Apple Event in September.
 However, Apple might launch three iPhones and not two this time - iPhone 7,
iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro.
 While the iPhone 7 will be 4.7-inch screen, the other two iPhones could have a
screen size of 5.5-inch display.
 MUST READ
 Apple iPhone 5S to be available for just Rs 12,000?
 The new iPhones could come with Oled display, a first for the company.
 The new iPhone 7 will be the thinnest iPhone with 6.1mm thick.
 The iPhone 7 Pro could come with a dual-lens camera system designed by imaging
firm LinX which the company bought in 2015.
 The iPhone 7 Pro could also come with a dual 12-megapixel camera and this
facility will not be available with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
 It will boast of stereo speakers but could miss out on headphone socket.
Really??
 Lookwise, it could be almost like the iPhone 6 with slight changes.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Armenpress News Agency (English)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple introduces iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus

LENGTH: 554  words


YEREVAN, SEPTEMBER 8, ARMENPRESS. On September 7 Apple introduced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most advanced iPhone ever, packed with unique
innovations that improve all the ways iPhone is used every day, "Armenpress"
reports citing Apple's official website.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever in an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers, wide color system from camera to display, two
new beautiful finishes, and is the first water and dust resistant iPhone. iPhone
7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries beginning
Friday, September 16.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing. "The completely redesigned cameras shoot
incredible photos and videos day or night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the sound,
all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone."

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the world's most popular camera and make it even
better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilization on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
[#x192]/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos
and videos, and a wide color capture allows for more vibrant colors with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in a gorgeous design in silver, gold and
rose gold finishes and introduce two all-new black finishes, a beautiful black
finish that has an anodized matte appearance, and an innovative jet black finish
that has a deep, high-gloss look. The new jet black finish is accomplished
through an innovative nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform,
glossy finish. An entirely reengineered enclosure results in a water resistant
iPhone offering protection like never before against spills, splashes and dust.2

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system. iOS 10 introduces a huge update
to Messages that delivers more expressive andanimated ways to message friends
and family, the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, new ways to
interact with apps and even more places to use 3D Touch, beautifully redesigned
Maps, Photos, Apple Music and News apps, and the Home app, delivering a simple
and secure way to manage home automation products inone place. iOS 10 also opens
up incredible opportunities for developers with Siri, Maps, Phone and Messages
APIs, allowing customers to do more than ever with the apps they love to use.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the
new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at$649 (US).

http://imgs.syndigate.info/354/1176/2/147331615032.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1176


                           Copyright 2016 Armenpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 12:58 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 867 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and most of the rumours
and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's New iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6S Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with the new Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as the
old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 12:58 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 867 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and most of the rumours
and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's New iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6S Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with the new Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as the
old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take a long time to charge because of standard
bundled chargers

LENGTH: 318  words


Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus despite being better in every manner, lag behind
when you plug them in the wall socket in comparison to other phones

New 12MP cameras, with better performing A10 chips and still Apple couldn't
figure out to reduce the total charging time on its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
That's because just like its predecessors, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple
has continued to ship its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with 5W chargers, so you
can imagine how long it would take for these smartphones to get charged
completely.

In fact, according to a detailed review done by Anandtech for the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus, both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus are able to charge faster than Apple's
latest mobile products, but that is also because they feature smaller battery
capacities than their successors. The disappointing thing about these tests is
that devices like Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, which feature larger batteries
than iPhone 7 Plus are able to charge much faster, but that is thanks to
improved charging technology.

This does not mean that you continue to use the 5W charger that comes bundled
with your iPhone. You can also resort to using the iPad charger or another
aftermarket charger, but before you do, make sure that its charging
specifications are in line with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus' requirements.
According to the test results, we have included a total of six different phones
as well as the amount of time it takes for their batteries to go from 0-100
percent.

Galaxy S7 (Snapdragon 820 version): 1.51 hours
Galaxy S7 edge (Snapdragon version): 1.85 hours
iPhone 6s: 1.94 hours
iPhone 6s Plus: 2.80 hours
iPhone 7: 2.08 hours
iPhone 7 Plus: 3.07 hours

Hopefully, with the announcement of iPhone 8, Apple will realize to ship out a
more powerful charger. With these devices coming without a headphone jack, it is
becoming necessary to improve charging technologies.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus battery capacity detailed

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


NEW DELHI: As is the case every year, Apple didn't reveal the battery capacities
of its recently announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. However, the
two handsets have been listed on Chinese certification website Tenaa.
Consequently, information about their battery capacities is now
available.According to the listing, the iPhone 7 Plus offers a 2,900mAh battery.

This is slightly more than the 2,750mAh battery found in the iPhone 6s Plus. On
the other hand, the smaller iPhone 7 has a 1,960mAh battery. This is again, a
little more than the iPhone 6s' 1,715mAh cell. That said, Apple has not
officially confirmed the battery specifications.During the launch event, Apple
claimed that the batteries in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus provide these
devices the longest battery backup among all the iPhones ever launched. In terms
of hours, the company said that the iPhone 7 has 2-3 hours of more battery
backup and the iPhone 7 Plus has about an hour of extra battery life, as
compared to their respective predecessors.It is worth noting that Apple has
never revealed the RAM capacity of its iPhone smartphones either, including the
new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However, benchmarking website GeekBench and
certification portal Tenaa claimed to have outed the RAM capacity of the iPhone
7 Plus. According to the websites, the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus has a 3GB of
RAM.The new iPhones are set to go on sale in India from October 7, 2016. As per
the company, the price for the new smartphones will start at Rs 60,000 .Both
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Silver, Gold, Rose Gold and
Black colour options. They are available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage
variants. However, the new Jet Black colour will be only available in devices
that have 128GB and 256GB storage. New EarPods (using Lightning connector) and a
Lightning-to-3.5mm adapter will be included with the new iPhones. These can also
be purchased separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900 respectively. At the launch
event, Apple also launched its new wireless AirPods. The price for these starts
at Rs 15,400 and they come bundled with a charging-cum-storage case.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

How to pre-order the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus: Mobile operators announce UK
pricing;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released next week

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 917 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled this week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If those prices seem too much to in one go, Apple does also offer an iPhone
upgrade programme from £33.45 per month with a £49 upfront payment, which lets
you upgrade to the latest model every year.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Apple iPhone 7 UK deals: Best contract prices and where to get the biggest
savings with cashback

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

iPhone 7 pre-orders open: UK mobile operators announce pricing ahead of iPhone 7
release;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released next week

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 917 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled this week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If those prices seem too much to in one go, Apple does also offer an iPhone
upgrade programme from £33.45 per month with a £49 upfront payment, which lets
you upgrade to the latest model every year.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Apple iPhone 7 UK deals: Best contract prices and where to get the biggest
savings with cashback

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 21, 2016 Friday 11:32 AM GMT

32GB iPhone 7 significantly slower than more expensive versions, tests show;
Testing shows 32GB iPhone 7 is slower and Intel-based iPhone 7 Plus has worse
signal than 128 or 256GB versions

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 512 words


Not all iPhone 7s are born equally, according to new tests, which appear to show
the cheapest, 32GB versions are significantly slower than the more expensive 128
or 256GB versions and that some have much poorer 4G reception.

Testing by both GSMArena and Unbox Therapy found that the speed of the storage
within the 32GB iPhone 7 is significantly slower than that in the more expensive
128GB iPhone 7. Reading data from the storage of the 32GB version of the iPhone
7 was 200Mbps slower than the 12GB version, 656Mbps and 856Mbps respectively.
The difference in read speed over 600Mbps is unlikely to be noticeable in
day-to-day usage.

However, writing to the storage - saving data including photos, videos, music,
apps or any other type of file - was found to be significantly slower on the
32GB iPhone. The 128GB iPhone 7 wrote to memory at 341Mbps, but the 32GB iPhone
7 was over eight times slower at just 42Mbps.

GSMArena found similar results in its testing of the iPhone 7, with a 32GB
iPhone 7 Plus reaching write speeds of only 39.6Mbps compared with a 128GB
iPhone 7 writing at speeds of 308Mbps.

Meanwhile, testing of different versions of the iPhone 7 Plus have also
apparently revealed discrepancies in their cellular performances. According to
New York-based Cellular Insights, which conducted tests using networking
equipment, the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones with model numbers A1778 and A1784,
including those available in the UK and Europe, performed noticeably poorer than
those with model numbers A1660 and A1661, including those available in the US.

A1778 and A1784 iPhone 7 Plus smartphones have an Intel modem chip that connects
them to the 4G network, while the A1660 and A1661 models use a modem supplied by
Qualcomm, a common supplier of modems and processors to many Android
smartphones, including the new Google Pixel.

The Intel iPhone 7 Plus models showed at least 30% worse network performance,
and in some cases as poor as 75% worse, than the Qualcomm iPhone 7 Plus models.
This performance gap means that the Intel iPhone 7 Plus models will have poorer
4G reception than the Qualcomm versions and slower download and upload speeds.

Milan Milanovic from Cellular Insights said : "In all tests, the iPhone 7 Plus
with the Qualcomm modem had a significant performance edge over the iPhone 7
Plus with the Intel modem. We are not sure what was the main reason behind
Apple's decision to source two different modem suppliers for the newest iPhone."

In Cellular Insights further testing, it showed that the Intel iPhone 7 Plus
models had worse reception than the iPhone 6S in the majority of signal
conditions.

Most of the time users blame mobile phone operators when the signal drops out on
their smartphone or data speeds are slow, but the testing indicates that
depending on smartphone model, it might not always be the fault of the network
provider.

Apple did not reply for request for comment.


     ·    iPhone 7 review: how good can a phone be if the battery doesn't last
          even a day?
     ·    iPhone 7 Plus review: 2014 called - it wants its phablet back


LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                October 8, 2016

Jio offers new iPhone users free service for 12 months

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 425  words


NEW DELHI: Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio Infocomm will offer iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, along with complimentary services of Jio Digital Services for 12
months.

"Welcome to the next gen iPhones on the only-4G all-IP network in India. Jio
announced it will offer the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most advanced
iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and water
resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 Fusion chip, which is the
most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever
in an iPhone," said Reliance Jio Infocomm, the wireless arm of Reliance
Industries Ltd (RIL).

All Jio customers purchasing a new iPhone will receive 12 months of Jio Digital
Services complimentary with purchase. This offer will be available for new
iPhone purchases across all Reliance Digital stores and select Apple Premium
Resellers (APR) and Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio.

"Jio is India's 4G-only network, providing high-speed internet across India. The
true power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the
Jio network," he said.

For the first time on a mobile network in India, iPhone customers on the Jio
Network will be able to watch 300+ channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime
and enjoy high definition voice calling.

"Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of
complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited
local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB
of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio
Applications," it said.

"All Enterprise customers can get an exclusive discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone
7 plus iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff
plans," it added.

Both the above offers have been brought to you by Reliance Retail.

"IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. Customers can pre-order
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in Reliance Digital
stores and online at www.jio.com/apple. IPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability," the company said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 10:56 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole 2016 event in just 120 seconds;
A new enclosure also means the iPhone 7 Plus is both water and dust resistant
thanks to a 'IP67 protection standard'

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 669 words


For those of you without the patience to sit through a whole Apple event -
here's the whole iPhone 7 launch in just 120 seconds.

It includes pretty much everything you need to know from the big show, from
demonstrating the new wireless earphones to the latest Apple watch.

Apple officially announced the iPhone 7 Plus tonight, its first smartphone to
offer dual camera technology with telephoto capabilities for a 2X optical zoom.

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco, the
new iPhone doesn't look too dissimilar to the last year's iPhone 6S Plus device.

It sports the same aluminium design, rounded edges but this time without the
iconic antenna lines and a high-gloss finish.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

But the key feature in the iPhone 7 Plus is that, as expected, it is the first
to offer a dual lens camera.

That means there's now two 12MP cameras built in to the device; one has the wide
angle 12MP lens while the other is a telephoto lens.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

This means users can create a zoom feature, via the camera app as before, but
now witha new 1X button above the shutter.

With this button you can just tap it and the photo jumps to a 2X optical zoom.

You can put your finger on to drag across to zoom from 1x to 10x, with much
better zoom quality than seen on the iPhone 6S.

Apple's new waterproof iPhone 7 launched with new home button, updated camera
and new 'jet black' colour

"The 12-megapixel camera includes optical image stabilisation and a larger f/1.8
aperture and 6-element lens enabling brighter, more detailed photos and videos,
and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colors with more detail," an
Apple spokesman said.

"The iPhone 7 Plus' dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new depth-of-field
effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images, while
sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only with DSLR
cameras."

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?

There's no audio port on the iPhone 7 Plus, so users will need to connect their
earbuds either over Bluetooth or via the device's lightning connection.

Apple unveiled its new wireless earpods, which connect wireless to the iPhone or
Apple Watch automatically with one tap.

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8

Another one of the iPhone 7 Plus' most exciting feature is the iPhone's new
enclosure which is both water and dust resistant thanks to 'IP67 protection
standard' meaning it will be safe from water or dust if "the worst happens".

As for the display, Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus 's Retina HD display 25%
brighter than on the iPhone 6S Plus, while retaining the 3D Touch capability.

The iPhone 7 Plus also features a new home button that is more simple but more
powerful and customisable, Apple said. It's been re-engineered so it is now
"force-sensitive", meaning it works together with a new haptic engine to be more
responsive and creating a better feel, giving users unique haptic feedback
depending on how you're using it.

Super Mario is coming to the iPhone App Store

The new iPhone 7 Plus will be available to pre-order from September 9 before
they start shipping on September 16 in the UK.

It will be available with 32GB, 128GB or 256GB storage options in the usual
Black, Gold, Silver, Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called
simply "Jet Black", which is much darker than previous black models.

How much are the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

How much is the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus? How to pre-order and UK contract prices;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released on Friday

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 917 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If those prices seem too much to in one go, Apple does also offer an iPhone
upgrade programme from £33.45 per month with a £49 upfront payment, which lets
you upgrade to the latest model every year.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Apple iPhone 7 UK deals: Best contract prices and where to get the biggest
savings with cashback

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

'Water-resistant' Apple iPhone 7 not covered under warranty for 'Liquid Damage'

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


NEW DELHI: It has been just days since Apple launched its new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus smartphones, and some 'surprising' facts regarding the devices
have already started to come into the picture.The product page footnotes for the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus first revealed that the 'Jet Black' coloured variants
of the smartphones are more prone to scratches, with Apple suggesting that users
buy a protective case for them. And now, it has come to light that if the new
iPhone happens to get 'liquid-damage,' the same won't be covered under
warranty.On scrolling down the product page for iPhone 7 , a footnote can be
found. It reads that both iPhones "were tested under controlled laboratory
conditions with a rating of IP67 under IEC standard 60529". However, the last
line clearly mentions that "Liquid damage is not covered under warranty". This
is quite surprising as both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are water-resistant,' and
customers are likely to use them in humid conditions."Splash, water, and dust
resistance are not permanent conditions and resistance might decrease as a
result of normal wear.

Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone; refer to the user guide for cleaning and
drying instructions," adds the company. It is worth noting that the IP67
certification that both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have makes them water as well
as dust resistant.Apple's iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones are set to
launch in India on October 7, with price starting at Rs 60,000. This means that
the iPhone 7's 32GB (base storage) variant will cost Rs 60,000. It also seems
that there will be no midnight launch for Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in
India this time. One of the biggest distributors of Apple devices in India,
Beetel Teletech Ltd. announced that it will launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus phones at 7PM on October 7, 2016.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 1:31 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3050 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone in the
next Apple Event today.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill has been in overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Follow our iPhone 7 launch LIVE blog here.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 1:03 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3050 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone in the
next Apple Event today.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill has been in overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Follow our iPhone 7 launch LIVE blog here.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 1:03 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3050 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone in the
next Apple Event today.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill has been in overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Follow our iPhone 7 launch LIVE blog here.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

When is the iPhone 7 coming out? How to pre-order and UK contract pricing;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released on Friday

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 917 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If those prices seem too much to in one go, Apple does also offer an iPhone
upgrade programme from £33.45 per month with a £49 upfront payment, which lets
you upgrade to the latest model every year.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Apple iPhone 7 UK deals: Best contract prices and where to get the biggest
savings with cashback

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

When is the iPhone 7 coming out? How to pre-order and UK contract pricing;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released on Friday

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 917 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If those prices seem too much to in one go, Apple does also offer an iPhone
upgrade programme from £33.45 per month with a £49 upfront payment, which lets
you upgrade to the latest model every year.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Apple iPhone 7 UK deals: Best contract prices and where to get the biggest
savings with cashback

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

When is the iPhone 7 coming out? How to pre-order and UK contract pricing;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released on Friday

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 917 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If those prices seem too much to in one go, Apple does also offer an iPhone
upgrade programme from £33.45 per month with a £49 upfront payment, which lets
you upgrade to the latest model every year.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Apple iPhone 7 UK deals: Best contract prices and where to get the biggest
savings with cashback

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

When is the iPhone 7 coming out? How to pre-order and UK contract pricing;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released on Friday

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 917 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If those prices seem too much to in one go, Apple does also offer an iPhone
upgrade programme from £33.45 per month with a £49 upfront payment, which lets
you upgrade to the latest model every year.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Apple iPhone 7 UK deals: Best contract prices and where to get the biggest
savings with cashback

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

Tesco Mobile has launched some extremely competitively priced iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus deals from just £37.25 per month.

The company is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 on a 24-month contract with 5,000
minutes, 5,000 text and 3GB data for £37.25 and £180 upfront. If you'd rather
not pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £44.75 a month.

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available on a 24-month contract with 5,000 minutes,
5,000 text and 3GB data for £42.50 and a £180 upfront cost. If you'd rather not
pay anything upfront, you can get the same contract for £50 a month.

Pre-order now from Tesco Mobile

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 1:03 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3033 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Follow our iPhone 7 launch LIVE blog here.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 11:00 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3033 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Follow our iPhone 7 launch LIVE blog here.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 7:40 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3033 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Follow our iPhone 7 launch LIVE blog here.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 11:00 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3033 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Follow our iPhone 7 launch LIVE blog here.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 7:40 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3033 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Follow our iPhone 7 launch LIVE blog here.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

When can you pre-order iPhone 7? UK mobile operators announce pricing ahead of
iPhone 7 release;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released next week

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 779 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled this week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

iPhone 7 pre-orders open: UK mobile operators announce pricing ahead of iPhone 7
release;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released next week

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 779 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled this week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

iPhone 7 pre-orders open: UK mobile operators announce pricing ahead of iPhone 7
release;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released next week

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 779 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled this week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

Carphone Warehouse has today announced it will o[#xfb00]er iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, in all colour variants and storage sizes across a wide range of networks.

Highlights include the 32GB iPhone 7 for an upfront cost £79.99 on £42 pay
monthly contract with 3GB of data on Vodafone, or free on a £47 monthly contract
with 1GB of data on O2 Upgrades.

For all iPhone 6 customers Carphone Warehouse is offering a guaranteed trade in
of £200 if they bring their handset into store before 30 September and upgrade
to the new iPhone 7.

Pre-order now from Carphone Warehouse

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - pricing at £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 453 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone;
Eager Apple fans can pre-order the new iPhone - so you won't have to wait long
to get hold of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 525 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last night and Apple made a
number of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order on Friday, September 9 - and will start shipping on September 16. And
- because it's the iPhone - it'll be available on all the major UK networks.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

All of the main UK networks have contacted Mirror Online to confirm they will be
stocking the new blower, but have yet to reveal their data plans.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Instead, they all laid out reasons why you might want to pick them for the new
iPhone.

An EE spokesperson said: "Only on EE in the UK will iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
customers be able to benefit from the iPhone's CAT 9 functionality as a result
of EE's high-speed, high-capacity EE 4G+ network - allowing them to achieve
maximum speeds of up to 400Mbps. EE's Cat 9 network is rolling out now and will
reach 500+ sites by December 2017."

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

A Three spokesperson said: "If you choose to buy the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
on Three, you will benefit from 4G at no extra cost where available. Also, Feel
at Home lets you call, text and use data in 42 countries abroad both in and
outside of Europe (including the USA and Australia) as if you were in the UK, at
no extra cost."

A Vodafone spokesperson said: "The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available at
Vodafone. In a nutshell, this means you'll have access to our ultrafast 4G
network and Network Satisfaction Guarantee which gives you the freedom to
experience the strength and quality of Vodafone's network for up to 30 days
before you fully commit.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

"Plus, by covering more than 870 large towns and cities as well as thousands of
smaller communities, our 4G network continues to provide stronger indoor and
outdoor coverage across the UK."

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

O2 were a little bit more succinct: "Just a note to confirm that O2 will be
stocking the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

"There will be more details to follow in the coming weeks."

If you decide to buy the phone outright, the iPhone 7 will be available from a
starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version is £699
and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 6:52 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3039 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 5:31 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3039 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

New iPhones pose little threat to Samsung, LG

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won As Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with
design changes and hardware upgrades, their popularity may not be as explosive
as their predecessors due to a lack of innovation, analysts said Thursday.

LENGTH: 644 words


The new iPhones may not pose a serious threat to Korean smartphone makers,
Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics, in the market they added.

'As the iPhone 7 and 7 plus have been released with specifications and features
as expected, Samsung Electronics may be able to enter intense competition in the
fourth quarter, on the back of its improved brand image after the decision to
recall millions of Galaxy Note 7s,' Eugene Investment & Securities analyst Lee
Jung said.

'LG Electronics is also expected to have an opportunity to elevate its position
in the North American market with its new premium handset, the V20,' Lee added.

NH Investment & Securities analyst Ko Jung-woo pointed out that the product
lifecycle in the domestic smartphone market will also have a negative impact on
the popularity of new iPhones here.

'Considering that the new iPhone 7 series has not changed much in hardware
specifications and that the market has entered the stage of motorization from
the perspective of product lifecycle, their launch is unlikely to cause a threat
to other smartphone companies such as Samsung Electronics,' Ko said.

'The expected customers of the new iPhones are those who have already purchased
an Apple smartphone two years ago. But the number of potential customers who
choose to use an iPhone may not be great.'

Another analyst here said even existing iPhone users may hesitate to buy an
iPhone 7 amid high expectations for the next Apple smartphone.

'The next Apple smartphone, which is expected to be rolled out in 2017 as the
iPhone 7S, is likely to have more significant changes in specifications such as
an organic light-emitting diode front display, as the new handset will
commemorate the 10th anniversary of iPhones,' Korea Investment & Securities
analyst Lee Seung-hyuk said.

'This means that existing iPhone users may wait until the launch of the iPhone
7S,' he added.

Lee projected that about 216 million iPhones will be sold this year; down 7
percent year-on-year compared to the less-than-expected popularity of the iPhone
6S. He added that the production cost of an iPhone 7 will go up about 20 percent
compared to that of an iPhone 6S due to hardware upgrades such as the dual
camera module and waterproof design, pressurizing Apple in terms of pricing.

According to data from global market researcher IHS Technology, Apple will ship
209 million iPhones this year.

Highlighting that iPhones sales represented 57 percent of Apple's total revenue
in the second quarter, IHS analyst Ian Fogg said the importance of the phone for
the company is much greater than direct revenue alone.

'Apple needs the iPhone 7 to be a major success because it is the main driver of
growth for the whole company. But Apple has seen iPhone shipments fall
year-on-year in 2016 and it needs the iPhone to return to growth,' Fogg said in
a report. 'The iPhone drives acquisition for Apple's entire ecosystem, supports
up-sell of Apple Watches, Macs and iPads. The more iPhones Apple sells, the
larger the addressable audience for accessories such as the Apple Watch series
2.'

Fogg pointed out Apple has taken major risks with the iPhone 7 design.

He said Apple is applying the dual camera feature only on the iPhone 7 Plus
despite the sales results of the iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus showing that
only 21 percent of iPhone shipments were for the large-screen models in the
second quarter. In the meantime, Chinese smartphone giant Huawei offers a dual
camera design in the compact P9 which is similar in size to the regular iPhone
7, he said.

The analyst added that adverse reaction to the decision to drop the headphone
jack threatens to drown out communication about iPhone 7 improvements.

'Apple has to make the case that the many enhancements are worth the
inconvenience of the lack of a headphone socket, or consumers will hold off
upgrading to the iPhone 7,' he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 plus: All you can expect from the biggest smartphone
launch of the year

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 650 words


The D-day is almost here! Come September 7, and we will see the biggest
smartphone launch of the year as Apple unveils iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus.

Like all previous iPhones, the duo too have ruled the tech rumour mill since
past many months.

Now, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who is known for his track record when
it comes to Apple device rumors, has released a detailed research report on the
upcoming iPhones.

Kuo's report offers peek into iPhone 7 and iPhone Plus features. Here's all that
Kuo predicts and more about the upcoming iPhones.

The report claims that iPhone 7 will be powered by Apple's new A10 chip
(manufactured by TSMC) offering a maximum clock speed of 2.4 GHz.

Apple Store in Brooklyn (Image: Reuters/ Representative image)

The chip will reportedly be a major upgrade over the Apple A9 chip used in the
current-generation iPhones.

Apple will also be giving both RAM and storage boost to the new iPhones, as per
the KGI report.

The company is expected to drop 16GB and 64GB models and add a 256GB variant.

A guest uses her iphone to take pictures (Image: Reuters)

This means Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will come in 32GB, 128 GB and
256GB variants. Both the iPhones are also likely to get a RAM boost of 1GB.

Apple is also adding new colour options. The company is likely to add 'dark
black' and 'glossy piano black' variants to the iPhone range.

These may replace the existing 'space grey' coloured variant.

Apple's brand new iPhones will sport dual-lens camera system, comprising both
wide-angle and telephoto camera.

Both cameras will have 12-megapixel sensors, with the larger one also boosting
of optical image stabilisation (OIS).

Yes, the new iPhones will be water-resistant. Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus
will be water-proof with IPX7 rating.

Same as that of Apple Watch, this means that the device can withstand immersion
in water up to 1 meter (for some 30 minutes).

One of the most widely-rumoured feature of the upcoming iPhones has been the
dropping of 3.5mm headphone jack.

KGI's Ming-Chi Kuo too agrees with this most-written about leaked feature.
According to him, Apple will be bundling Lightning EarPods and a Lightning to
3.5mm headphone Jack adapter with both the new iPhones to compensate for the
omission.

The same was also confirmed by an alleged packaging of iPhone 7 Plus that
surfaced online recently.

The space for 3.5mm headphone jack will be used to enhance the Force Touch
recognition system, as per the KGI report.

The smartphones will sport a new sensor to improve users' 'Force Touch
experience'.

KGI also predicts upgrade in proximity sensor, which is expected to switch from
LCD to laser with faster response times and longer recognition distance.

It is also likely to offer support for hand-waving gesture features.

Users looking forward to a design change in iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will have
to wait for another year.

As Apple is reportedly not introducing any design changes in its upcoming
iPhones. The company, however, is said to be planning major design upgrade for
its next year's iPhones as it celebrates ten years of iPhone launch.

Likely to be called iPhone 8, the smartphone is rumoured to offer "significant
innovations" including full-glass OLED screen and new haptic feedback features.

There are no official confirmation or hints on this, however, according to the
noted tipster Evan Blass iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on Friday
September 16 2016 in the US.

We can expect the company to launch the device in India before Diwali.

Apple enthusiasts in India can watch the livestream of the event starting at
10:30PM on Wednesday, September 7.

The livestream can be watched on iOS-based devices running version 7.0 or above
and Mac computers with OS X v10.8.5 or above and Safari version 6.0.6 or above.

Windows users can watch the event on their Windows 10 PCs, via Microsoft Edge
browser.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 3:50 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3025 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 10:47 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3025 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 3:50 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3025 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 1:40 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3025 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 1:40 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3025 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 10:47 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3025 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

How can I pre-order the iPhone 7 and when is it coming out in the UK?;
Eager Apple fans can pre-order the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - so you won't
have to wait long to get hold of a new Apple smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 525 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last night and Apple made a
number of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order on Friday, September 9 - and will start shipping on September 16. And
- because it's the iPhone - it'll be available on all the major UK networks.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

All of the main UK networks have contacted Mirror Online to confirm they will be
stocking the new blower, but have yet to reveal their data plans.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Instead, they all laid out reasons why you might want to pick them for the new
iPhone.

An EE spokesperson said: "Only on EE in the UK will iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
customers be able to benefit from the iPhone's CAT 9 functionality as a result
of EE's high-speed, high-capacity EE 4G+ network - allowing them to achieve
maximum speeds of up to 400Mbps. EE's Cat 9 network is rolling out now and will
reach 500+ sites by December 2017."

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

A Three spokesperson said: "If you choose to buy the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
on Three, you will benefit from 4G at no extra cost where available. Also, Feel
at Home lets you call, text and use data in 42 countries abroad both in and
outside of Europe (including the USA and Australia) as if you were in the UK, at
no extra cost."

A Vodafone spokesperson said: "The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available at
Vodafone. In a nutshell, this means you'll have access to our ultrafast 4G
network and Network Satisfaction Guarantee which gives you the freedom to
experience the strength and quality of Vodafone's network for up to 30 days
before you fully commit.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

"Plus, by covering more than 870 large towns and cities as well as thousands of
smaller communities, our 4G network continues to provide stronger indoor and
outdoor coverage across the UK."

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

O2 were a little bit more succinct: "Just a note to confirm that O2 will be
stocking the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

"There will be more details to follow in the coming weeks."

If you decide to buy the phone outright, the iPhone 7 will be available from a
starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version is £699
and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

How can I pre-order the iPhone 7 and when is it coming out in the UK?;
Eager Apple fans can pre-order the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on networks
EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 525 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last night and Apple made a
number of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order on Friday, September 9 - and will start shipping on September 16. And
- because it's the iPhone - it'll be available on all the major UK networks.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

All of the main UK networks have contacted Mirror Online to confirm they will be
stocking the new blower, but have yet to reveal their data plans.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Instead, they all laid out reasons why you might want to pick them for the new
iPhone.

An EE spokesperson said: "Only on EE in the UK will iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
customers be able to benefit from the iPhone's CAT 9 functionality as a result
of EE's high-speed, high-capacity EE 4G+ network - allowing them to achieve
maximum speeds of up to 400Mbps. EE's Cat 9 network is rolling out now and will
reach 500+ sites by December 2017."

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

A Three spokesperson said: "If you choose to buy the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
on Three, you will benefit from 4G at no extra cost where available. Also, Feel
at Home lets you call, text and use data in 42 countries abroad both in and
outside of Europe (including the USA and Australia) as if you were in the UK, at
no extra cost."

A Vodafone spokesperson said: "The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available at
Vodafone. In a nutshell, this means you'll have access to our ultrafast 4G
network and Network Satisfaction Guarantee which gives you the freedom to
experience the strength and quality of Vodafone's network for up to 30 days
before you fully commit.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

"Plus, by covering more than 870 large towns and cities as well as thousands of
smaller communities, our 4G network continues to provide stronger indoor and
outdoor coverage across the UK."

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

O2 were a little bit more succinct: "Just a note to confirm that O2 will be
stocking the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

"There will be more details to follow in the coming weeks."

If you decide to buy the phone outright, the iPhone 7 will be available from a
starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version is £699
and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone;
Eager Apple fans won't have to wait long to get hold of the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 525 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled last night and Apple made a
number of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order on Friday, September 9 - and will start shipping on September 16. And
- because it's the iPhone - it'll be available on all the major UK networks.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

All of the main UK networks have contacted Mirror Online to confirm they will be
stocking the new blower, but have yet to reveal their data plans.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Instead, they all laid out reasons why you might want to pick them for the new
iPhone.

An EE spokesperson said: "Only on EE in the UK will iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
customers be able to benefit from the iPhone's CAT 9 functionality as a result
of EE's high-speed, high-capacity EE 4G+ network - allowing them to achieve
maximum speeds of up to 400Mbps. EE's Cat 9 network is rolling out now and will
reach 500+ sites by December 2017."

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

A Three spokesperson said: "If you choose to buy the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
on Three, you will benefit from 4G at no extra cost where available. Also, Feel
at Home lets you call, text and use data in 42 countries abroad both in and
outside of Europe (including the USA and Australia) as if you were in the UK, at
no extra cost."

A Vodafone spokesperson said: "The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available at
Vodafone. In a nutshell, this means you'll have access to our ultrafast 4G
network and Network Satisfaction Guarantee which gives you the freedom to
experience the strength and quality of Vodafone's network for up to 30 days
before you fully commit.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

"Plus, by covering more than 870 large towns and cities as well as thousands of
smaller communities, our 4G network continues to provide stronger indoor and
outdoor coverage across the UK."

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

O2 were a little bit more succinct: "Just a note to confirm that O2 will be
stocking the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

"There will be more details to follow in the coming weeks."

If you decide to buy the phone outright, the iPhone 7 will be available from a
starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version is £699
and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                               September 7, 2016

Apple launches iPhone 7, 7 Plus

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 1392  words


NEW DELHI: US-based tech giant Apple has launched its latest phones-iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus today and will be available in more than 25 countries beginning
Friday, September 16.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing.

"The completely redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or
night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo
speaker system provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust
resistant iPhone," siad Schiller.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the world's most popular camera and make it
even better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilization on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide color capture allows for more vibrant colors with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos," the company said in a
statement.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images,
while sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the
background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only
with DSLR cameras.

Additional Camera Advancements Include:

New Apple-designed Image Signal Processor, which processes over 100 billion
operations on a single photo in as little as 25 milliseconds, resulting in
incredible photos and videos;

New 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with wide color capture, advanced pixel
technology and auto image stabilization for even better selfies; and

New Quad-LED True Tone flash that is 50 percent brighter than iPhone 6s
including an innovative sensor that detects the flickering in lights and
compensates for it in videos and photos.

"The new custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that
powers these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone,
while also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever
in an iPhone. The A10 Fusion's CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating
two high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and
two high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the
power of the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful,
running up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power,
enabling a new level of gaming and professional apps," it said.

Both phones include support for up to 25 LTE bands, for the best worldwide
roaming in the industry, and LTE Advanced for three times faster data rates than
iPhone 6 at up to 450 Mbps.1 For customers in Japan, iPhone will now support the
leading FeliCa contactless technology, bringing the ability to use credit and
prepaid cards, including on iD and QuicPay domestic networks, and Suica, Japan's
dominant transit card issued by JR East, the world's largest transit operator.

The new iPhone comes with EarPods with Lightning connector to deliver incredible
sound, as well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that allows customers to use
old headphones and accessories.

New AirPods, Apple's innovative new wireless headphones, weave simplicity and
technology together to reinvent the wireless experience making headphones easy
to use. Featuring the new Apple W1 chip, AirPods have extremely efficient
wireless communication for a better connection, improved sound and
industry-leading battery life. AirPods harness the power of Siri, allowing you
to access your favorite personal assistant with just a double tap.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in a gorgeous design in silver, gold and
rose gold finishes and introduce two all-new black finishes, a beautiful black
finish that has an anodized matte appearance, and an innovative jet black finish
that has a deep, high-gloss look. The new jet black finish is accomplished
through an innovative nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform,
glossy finish. An entirely reengineered enclosure results in a water resistant
iPhone offering protection like never before against spills, splashes and dust.

The new iPhone features the brightest, most colorful Retina HD display ever in
an iPhone, now with a wide color gamut for cinema-standard colors, greater color
saturation and the best color management in the smartphone industry. An all-new,
advanced, solid-state Home button on iPhone 7 is designed to be durable and
responsive, and working in tandem with the new Taptic Engine, provides more
precise and customizable tactile feedback.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system. iOS 10 introduces a huge update
to Messages that delivers more expressive and animated ways to message friends
and family, the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, new ways to
interact with apps and even more places to use 3D Touch, beautifully redesigned
Maps, Photos, Apple Music and News apps, and the Home app, delivering a simple
and secure way to manage home automation products in one place. iOS 10 also
opens up incredible opportunities for developers with Siri, Maps, Phone and
Messages APIs, allowing customers to do more than ever with the apps they love
to use.

Pricing & Availability

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the
new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at $649 (US), and the
new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB models
from apple.com, Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers.

Through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, customers in the US, and for the first
time in the UK and China, can get an unlocked iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, with
the protection of AppleCare+, choose their carrier and have the opportunity to
upgrade to a new iPhone every year. The iPhone Upgrade Program is available at
apple.com and Apple Stores in the US with monthly payments starting at $32.3

Customers will be able to order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday,
September 9, with availability beginning Friday, September 16, in Australia,
Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the
UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia beginning Friday, September
23. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will also be available to customers in India
beginning Friday, October 7.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for $159 (US) from apple.com and Apple Stores beginning in late
October. All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with
Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately at apple.com and Apple Stores, for $29 (US) and $9 (US),
respectively.

Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colors will be available starting at $35 (US) and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for $99 (US) from apple.com and Apple Stores.
Lightning Docks in several color-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for $49 (US).

Every customer who buys iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus from Apple will be offered
free Personal Setup, in-store or online4, to help them customize their iPhone by
setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much are the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 12:04 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3001 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 12:04 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3001 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 8:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 5:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 2:16 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 1:16 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 9:22 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 9:22 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 8:20 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 7:05 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 8:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 9:22 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in September 2016 and there's already a
huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 9:22 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 8:20 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 7:15 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 5, 2016 Monday 7:05 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3002 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:16 AM GMT

When can you pre-order iPhone 7? UK mobile operators announce pricing ahead of
iPhone 7 release;
All the UK's major mobile operators - including EE, O2, Vodafone and Three -
have announced pricing for the iPhone 7, which is released next week

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 686 words


The long-awaited iPhone 7 was finally unveiled this week and Apple made a number
of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour . Which is all well and good, but when can you actually get your
hands on one?

The good news is that you won't have long to wait.

Apple supremo Tim Cook revealed that the new phone will be available to
pre-order from Friday, September 9, and will start shipping on September 16.

Here's a round up of all the ways you can pre-order the new device from today.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

The iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB
option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a
whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple is releasing wireless headphones and everyone is making the same joke

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819.
The 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

Pre-order now from Apple

EE has announced that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-order pricing is
now live.

iPhone 7 32GB will be available starting at £49.99 upfront plus £50.99 per month
for 24 months on the 5GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB will also be available starting at £79.99 upfront plus £55.99
per month for 24 months on the 10GB 4GEE Plan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hands-on review: Surprisingly daring

Both devices will be available on selected 4GEE Max plans, which include a free
upgrade to the latest iPhone every year when they hand their existing handset
back.

These plans start from £65.99 per month and include 25GB data and a subscription
to BT Sport for the duration of the plan. iPhone 7 32GB will be available on
this plan with a £9.99 upfront cost.

Pre-order now from EE

O2 is offering the iPhone 7 on its Yearly Upgrade Programme, which offers
customers the opportunity to trade in their old phone after 12 months and move
to a new one, without having to pay to end their O2 Refresh Phone Plan.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The Yearly Upgrade Programme is available on O2 Refresh tariffs with at least
20GB of data. These tariffs start at £50 per month with a £179.99 upfront cost
for an iPhone 7 32GB and come with unlimited UK minutes and unlimited UK texts.

Customers who recycle their old handset through O2 Recycle, will also receive a
cash payment when they upgrade. O2 will offer up to £400 for the iPhone 6S Plus
and £370 for the iPhone 6S.

Pre-order now from O2

Vodafone is offering special rates to customers during the first three days of
pre-order.

The best value iPhone 7 32GB bundle costs £53 per month and an upfront
contribution of £30. It includes 20GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and a choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

The best value iPhone 7 Plus 32GB bundle costs £58 per month and an upfront
contribution of £60. It includes 30GB of data, unlimited UK minutes and texts,
and choice of 24 months access to either Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV
or NOW TV.

Prices are liable to change next week so pre-order soon if you want to lock in
these rates.

Pre-order now from Vodafone

Three is offering the 32GB iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on a 24 month contract
with an up-front cost of either £149 or £99.

For £42 a month and an up-front cost of £99 you can get an iPhone 7 with 4GB of
data and unlimited UK minutes and texts, or upgrade to 30GB of data for £44 a
month.

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds

The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is available for £50 a month and an upfront cost of £99.
This includes 4GB of data and unlimited UK minutes and texts. Upgrading to 30GB
will cost £52 per month.

Pre-order now from Three

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:50 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2857 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:50 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2857 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and possible Watch 2: Here's what Apple fans can possibly expect from
September 7 event

BYLINE: Smita Sinha

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 799 words


After month of speculations, leak and rumours, Apple has finally announced the
launch date for its next generation of the iPhone. Beside iPhone, one can also
expect an Apple Watch 2 along with a host of other announcements to be made on a
press event on September 7. The Cupertino-based company will live stream the
event that can be watched here at 10.30 PM IST.

Though Apple struggles to maintain the mystery of its new devices, but there
have been a plenty of reports and rumours indicating that the company plans to
launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus, which will look lot like their
predecessor iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. A bigger change to device is expected
next year in 2017.

Also Read: Apple iPhone 7 leaks: Here's what we know till date

Apple CEO Tim Cook will unveil the new iPhones at a time when Apple is
struggling somewhat in the market. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus really did
not set the market on fire. According to a report by Strategy Analytics, Apple
iPhone shipments fell by 35% annually at 0.8 smartphones in India in the second
quarter of 2016.

Android smartphone users have greater levels of honesty and humility than iPhone
users: Study

Apple's smartphone marketshare halved from 4.5% to just 2.4% in India during the
past year. But it is expected that with iPhone 7, Apple will regain its top slot
in the market. Rumours hint that the new iPhones will come packed with new
features, which may give tough fight to Samsung.

Here's a quick rundown on what one can expect from much-awaited Apple's iPhone
launch event:

1) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus:

- Rumours hints that the new iPhone models, presumably called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus respectively, will have a very similar designs to the existing
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

- Expected to come in three variants (based on storage) - 32GB, 128GB and 256
GB.

- According to a report iPhone 7 32GB is said to cost Rs 53,000, the 128GB and
256 GB are expected to cost Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250 respectively. While 32GB,
128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs
69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.

- Some recent reports suggest that, the iPhone 7 will feature a 4.7-inch 3D
touch display, while the iPhone 7 Plus is expected to feature a larger display
5.5-inch display.

- Both the models are rumoured to be powered by Apple's A10 processor.

- Although, this information is still in realm of rumours, it is almost certain
that Apple may drop the port on the next models and instead use the space for
other upgrades or slimmer iPhones in future. Users may have to use the Lightning
port to attach headphones or move to a Bluetooth pair.

- According to a report, Apple will remove the two innermost antenna lines that
runs across the back of the current iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

- More and more wishpers have also pointed towards Apple will use the 3D
technology of the iPhone 6S, possibly alongside hardware taken from the latest
MacBook and will ditch a moving button altogether in favour of a touch-sensitive
patch.

- If the rumours and leaked pictures are to be believed, there will a
significant camera upgrade. The upcoming iPhone 7 is expected to bear a 12MP
rear camera coupled with a 5 MP front-facing snapper. The iPhone 7 Plus will
sport a 16MP rear camera. A huge upgrade could mean near DSLR quality
photographs.

- Pre-release rumours also suggests that both the devices will be
water-resistant, bringing the phones in line with the likes of the Samsung
Galaxy S7.

- Both the models will be powered by iOS 10 OS version.

- Apple will also incorporate fast charging functionality in both the devices.
Early whispers also inevitably tagged the iPhone 7 as an adopter of wireless
technology.

- According to a report, the phone will go on pre-order soon after the launch
date with expected delivers and market availability from September 16. In India,
the iPhone 7 is likely to launch around the end of September or early October,
depending upon the demand and supply situation.

2) Apple Watch 2:

Some reports hinted that Apple is likely to launch Watch 2 this year. The new
model is expected to come with better waterproofing feature, along with hardware
features such as GPS, thinner display with One Glass Solution, a barometer and a
higher capacity battery life. Even the Watch 2 is not expected to come without
any cosmetic changes, but will pack faster internals, which will be ideal for
those who use it to go running. Whispers also hinted at the Watch having camera,
but no images have been leaked so far.

It is still unclear as to what Apple will or will not unveil on September 7, but
the only certain thing that the Cupertion-based company will roll out is iOS 10,
which was announced at WWDC 2016 get-together in San Francisco on June 13, 2016.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and possible Watch 2: Here's what Apple fans can possibly expect from
September 7 event

BYLINE: Smita Sinha

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 799 words


After month of speculations, leak and rumours, Apple has finally announced the
launch date for its next generation of the iPhone. Beside iPhone, one can also
expect an Apple Watch 2 along with a host of other announcements to be made on a
press event on September 7. The Cupertino-based company will live stream the
event that can be watched here at 10.30 PM IST.

Though Apple struggles to maintain the mystery of its new devices, but there
have been a plenty of reports and rumours indicating that the company plans to
launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus, which will look lot like their
predecessor iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. A bigger change to device is expected
next year in 2017.

Also Read: Apple iPhone 7 leaks: Here's what we know till date

Apple CEO Tim Cook will unveil the new iPhones at a time when Apple is
struggling somewhat in the market. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus really did
not set the market on fire. According to a report by Strategy Analytics, Apple
iPhone shipments fell by 35% annually at 0.8 smartphones in India in the second
quarter of 2016.

Android smartphone users have greater levels of honesty and humility than iPhone
users: Study

Apple's smartphone marketshare halved from 4.5% to just 2.4% in India during the
past year. But it is expected that with iPhone 7, Apple will regain its top slot
in the market. Rumours hint that the new iPhones will come packed with new
features, which may give tough fight to Samsung.

Here's a quick rundown on what one can expect from much-awaited Apple's iPhone
launch event:

1) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus:

- Rumours hints that the new iPhone models, presumably called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus respectively, will have a very similar designs to the existing
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

- Expected to come in three variants (based on storage) - 32GB, 128GB and 256
GB.

- According to a report iPhone 7 32GB is said to cost Rs 53,000, the 128GB and
256 GB are expected to cost Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250 respectively. While 32GB,
128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs
69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.

- Some recent reports suggest that, the iPhone 7 will feature a 4.7-inch 3D
touch display, while the iPhone 7 Plus is expected to feature a larger display
5.5-inch display.

- Both the models are rumoured to be powered by Apple's A10 processor.

- Although, this information is still in realm of rumours, it is almost certain
that Apple may drop the port on the next models and instead use the space for
other upgrades or slimmer iPhones in future. Users may have to use the Lightning
port to attach headphones or move to a Bluetooth pair.

- According to a report, Apple will remove the two innermost antenna lines that
runs across the back of the current iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

- More and more wishpers have also pointed towards Apple will use the 3D
technology of the iPhone 6S, possibly alongside hardware taken from the latest
MacBook and will ditch a moving button altogether in favour of a touch-sensitive
patch.

- If the rumours and leaked pictures are to be believed, there will a
significant camera upgrade. The upcoming iPhone 7 is expected to bear a 12MP
rear camera coupled with a 5 MP front-facing snapper. The iPhone 7 Plus will
sport a 16MP rear camera. A huge upgrade could mean near DSLR quality
photographs.

- Pre-release rumours also suggests that both the devices will be
water-resistant, bringing the phones in line with the likes of the Samsung
Galaxy S7.

- Both the models will be powered by iOS 10 OS version.

- Apple will also incorporate fast charging functionality in both the devices.
Early whispers also inevitably tagged the iPhone 7 as an adopter of wireless
technology.

- According to a report, the phone will go on pre-order soon after the launch
date with expected delivers and market availability from September 16. In India,
the iPhone 7 is likely to launch around the end of September or early October,
depending upon the demand and supply situation.

2) Apple Watch 2:

Some reports hinted that Apple is likely to launch Watch 2 this year. The new
model is expected to come with better waterproofing feature, along with hardware
features such as GPS, thinner display with One Glass Solution, a barometer and a
higher capacity battery life. Even the Watch 2 is not expected to come without
any cosmetic changes, but will pack faster internals, which will be ideal for
those who use it to go running. Whispers also hinted at the Watch having camera,
but no images have been leaked so far.

It is still unclear as to what Apple will or will not unveil on September 7, but
the only certain thing that the Cupertion-based company will roll out is iOS 10,
which was announced at WWDC 2016 get-together in San Francisco on June 13, 2016.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 426 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be completely waterproof, new reports claim ahead of big launch
this week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3082 words


The Apple technology-related rumours are awash with speculation the new iPhone 7
will be completely WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass or you falling with it
in the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Galaxy Note 7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

Apple hasn't previously advertised any water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

Literature distributed ahead of the press briefing contains images of water
droplets - leading to speculation of a water-based announcement.

Also a report in the China-based Commercial Times claims the manufacturer had
been working on a new "compound material" that repels water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 5, 2016 Monday 11:17 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could be completely waterproof, new reports claim ahead of big launch
this week;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 on Wednesday and there's already a huge
amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 3082 words


The Apple technology-related rumours are awash with speculation the new iPhone 7
will be completely WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass or you falling with it
in the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Galaxy Note 7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

Apple hasn't previously advertised any water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

Literature distributed ahead of the press briefing contains images of water
droplets - leading to speculation of a water-based announcement.

Also a report in the China-based Commercial Times claims the manufacturer had
been working on a new "compound material" that repels water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

IPhone 7 on sale in China, 7 plus pre-orders sold out

LENGTH: 346  words


Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models entered the Chinese market on Friday with
pre-orders of the 7 Plus, and the iPhone 7 in jet-black color, already sold out.

People wait to buy iPhone products in front of an Apple store in Jinan, Shandong
province, Sept 16, 2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is released in China
beginning from Sept 16. [Photo/IC]

Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models entered the Chinese market on Friday with
pre-orders of the 7 Plus, and the iPhone 7 in jet-black color, already sold out.

Customers lined up outside the Apple store in Beijing's Sanlitun shopping area
early in the morning, waiting to collect their pre-ordered mobile phones.

One customer who declined to be named said, the most attractive parts of the new
iPhone are the double lenses and the water-proof funtion.

"Many of my friends are Apple enthusiasts who like to be the first to try new
products. Others are turning from the iPhone to cheaper domestic smart phones,"
he said.

Starting on September 14, Chinese customers can download Apple's new iOS 10
operating system, featuring an anti-crank calls function based on data provided
by Internet companies.

Apple's Q3 Greater China revenue was $8.85 billion, down 33 percent year on
year.

The company's stock has surged 11 percent over the past four trading sessions,
since the release of the new iPhone models.

Apple store staffs greet customers who have been waiting in line to purchase
Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at the Apple Store in Jinan, Shandong province,
Sept 16, 2016. [Photo/IC]

Apple customers wait in the rain outside an Apple store in Shanghai, Sept 16,
2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is released in China beginning from Sept
16. [Photo/IC]

People wait to buy iPhone products in front of an Apple store in Shanghai, Sept
16, 2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is released in China beginning from
Sept 16. [Photo/IC]

A man shows Apple's new iPhone 7 after purchasing the device at an Apple store
in Jinan, Shandong province, Sept 16, 2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is
released in China beginning from Sept 16. [Photo/IC]

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2801 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securitieshas issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The iphone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2801 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securitieshas issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The iphone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - pricing at £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 426 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 426 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 426 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple introduces iPhone 7 , iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 458  words


San Francisco, Sept 8 (IBNS): Tech giant Apple on Wednesday introduced iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus, the best.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever on an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers, wide colour system from camera to display,
two new beautiful finishes, and is the first water and dust resistant iPhone.
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries beginning
Friday, Sept 16. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of
the iPhone experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make
this the best iPhone we have ever made, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing. Philip Schiller said: The completely
redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or night, the A10
Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the
best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system
provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the worlds most popular camera and make it even
better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colours with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos. Coming later this year,
the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new depth-of-field effect, using
both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images, while sophisticated technology
including Machine Learning separates the background from the foreground to
achieve amazing portraits once possible only with DSLR cameras. The new
custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that powers
these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone, while
also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever in an
iPhone. The A10 Fusions CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating two
high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and two
high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the power of
the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful, running
up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power, enabling
a new level of gaming and professional apps. Image: Apple website grab

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     August 11, 2016 Thursday 11:02 AM EST

iPhone 7 to be unveiled Sept. 7 ahead of Sept. 16 release date

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 397  words


Click for image

With September steadily approaching, we're inching ever closer to the grand
unveiling of Apple's iPhone 7. While the iPhone 7 likely won't introduce a
radical new redesign or futuristic features, the device will undoubtedly carry a
number of internal enhancements, along with much-improved cameras on both the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models.

Last week, we detailed how Apple's iPhone will likely hit store shelves on
Friday, Sept. 16. And now comes word via Bloomberg that the device will
officially be unveiled on Wednesday, Sept. 7.

So, based on what we know, and relying upon Apple's track record with respect to
older iPhone models, here's how Apple's iPhone 7 release schedule is shaping up.

Sept. 7 - Apple to hold a special media event where it will introduce the iPhone
7.

Sept. 9 or 10 - Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will likely begin.

Sept. 16 - iPhone 7 will officially go on sale.

While nothing is ever official, of course, until Apple officially sends out
formal invitations, it stands to reason that the above schedule is what Apple
has in store for us with respect to its next-generation smartphone.

iPhone 7 features

As for specific features we can expect to see, it's widely believed that the
iPhone 7 will completely do away with the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack, a
controversial design decision-to put it mildly.

Aside from that, the home button on the iPhone 7 will not be a mechanical button
as its been with every previous iteration of the iPhone. Instead, the iPhone 7
home button will sit on top of sensors that will vibrate when pressed, thereby
creating the illusion of a mechanical home button. If this at all sounds
familiar, it's because Apple already uses a similar scheme with the trackpad on
its revamped MacBook line.

One tidbit also worth mentioning is that the entry-level iPhone 7 will likely be
a 32GB device, thereby alleviating a longstanding concern that iPhone users have
had-not nearly enough storage. Certainly, 16GB of storage was more than adequate
back in, say, 2010-but in 2016, when Apple encourages us to take high-res photos
and 4K quality video, eating up 16GB of storage can happen shockingly fast.

And lastly, for anyone who thinks Apple has lost its innovative spirit, we
should point out that Apple's 2017 iPhone-a device that may be called the iPhone
8-is said to feature an edge-to-edge OLED display.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 4, 2016 Sunday 8:56 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2670 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 3, 2016 Saturday 7:12 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2670 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 3, 2016 Saturday 7:12 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2670 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7 A silhouette into a faux future

LENGTH: 1403 words

DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, Oct. 4 -- The release of Apple's latest iteration in the iPhone line
has been all the hype these last few weeks. There have been contrasting reviews
: some like the faster processor while others hate the removal of the headphone
jack. Some even complai

that Apple is playing catch-up with Android with features like water-resistance
and processor performance, but I think comparing iPhone to Android phones is
like comparing apples to oranges. Primarily

because, while both of them are smartphones, they fill totally different
spectrums of the smartphone industry. Android is more open to different kinds of
hardware, third-party apps and user tweaks while iPhones are limited to specific
hardware and the Apple eco-system. So, in my review today, we look at the iPhone
7, unadulterated.

With the iPhone 7, there are a lot of new features that Apple brings to their
line of flagship phones but there are a lot of compromises as well. The main
question here would be whether the compromises are worth the new features
implemented by Apple: currently the answer is no. The iPhone 7 still feels like
a prototype since a lot of its new features aren't really fleshed out and, for
it to actually find a ground, Apple needs to loosen up the noose a little bit.
But iPhones have always been trendsetters in the smartphone industry and it's
likely that most of the iPhone 7's features will bleed into other devices as
well (if Apple doesn't threaten to sue on patient claims).

At first blush, the iPhone 7 and the 7 Plus look exactly like the older iPhone 6
and 6s. The only distinguishing aesthetical change here would be the slightly
invisible antenna lines. On the older iPhones, the antenna lines were stark and
obvious; for the latest offering, Apple has tried to hide them by them bleeding
them into the edges of the phone. This makes for a more seamless design by Apple
but if you snap on a cover on top of the iPhone 7, it'll hardly be
distinguishable from the older iPhone 6. And much like the popularisation of the
rose gold colour by Apple on its iPhone 6 line, Apple has introduced the new jet
black colour for their iPhone 7 line as well. Although the jet black colour
looks polished and refined, it's a fingerprint magnet and is highly receptive to
scratches and dents which make the use of cover essential. The home button is
also not a physical button anymore and the elongated button reacts like a sensor
and works with the Taptic Engine to simulate a vibration jolt every time the

button is pressed. This feels like an unnecessary change since the tactile
physical button response of the older iPhone felt a lot better. Apple claims to
have made this decision to make the home button more customisable but since the
engine has not yet been adopted by most third-party app developers, it seems
redundant for now and even the Taptic response of the engine makes it feel like
the whole lower bottom of the iPhone 7 is a sending out a click response rather
than the button.

Performance wise, Apple new A10 Fusion processor works great. It outperforms
both the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and the One Plus 3. It follows the same
architecture that Qualcomm has implemented on most of their recent processors,
the BIG.LITTLE technology that works for low performing cores for everyday
activities and high powered core for more CPU intensive tasks. The A10 Fusion
chip is a quad-core processor and utilised two high-powered cores and two
low-powered cores. This would mean that the iPhone 7 would perform faster than
the iPhone 6 line and achieves better performance at a lower power consumption.
But again, the performance does not increase by leaps and rather the performance
increment can be taken as a small step forward in comparison to the iPhone 6.
The higher powered cores don't kick in until the apps demand which would mean
that fluidity of the iPhone 7 would seem on par to that of the iPhone 6 during
daily use.

Apart from the performance increment, the iPhone 7 has a better camera and the
iPhone 7 Plus features a dual camera set-up. iPhone have always set the standard
in mobile photography and although other companies have been pushing for higher
megapixel sensors, none of them have been able to match the quality of photos
taken by an iPhone. Recently, though, Samsung S7 line has been able to produce
excellent quality photos and could take on the iPhone 6 in terms of picture
quality but matching Apple's image quality took Samsung years. With the iPhone
7, Apple has managed to improve image quality by implementing a faster f/1.8
lens but here too, the quality increment is nominal when compared to the older
iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 Plus does increase image quality drastically because of
the dual lens setup but Apple has disappointed me here too. While the pictures
the iPhone 7 takes are phenomenal, having access to two lenses would mean a host
of features but with the iPhone 7 Plus, it only amounts to a better zoom.
Optical zoom is good and all but looking at what other companies like Huawei
have managed to do with dual

lenses, the iPhone 7 Plus' zoom ability is just sad. Huawei's Honor 8 lets you
play with all kinds of optical effects like depth of field and focus
adjustments. Some companies with dual lens cameras even let you focus after the
shot has been taken. To me, the full capabilities of the dual lenses have not
been adopted by Apple and puts the dual lens setup of the iPhone 7 Plus to
shame.

Apart from the faster processor and the dual lens camera, the feature (or rather
the lack of) that has been turning heads is the removal of the 3.5mm analogue
headphone jack. Apple's always been confident about setting trends but the
removal of the headphone jack might not be a good thing. This severely limits
the number of ports on a portable device and having to use the
lightning-to-3.5mm converter is a hassle. They're small and you can lose they
easily. Apple seems to be hinting at a completely wireless ecosystem but that
too is not properly fleshed out on the iPhone 7 because it does not feature
wireless charging. Even the enhanced Bluetooth support of the iPhone 7 is locked
into Apple's ecosystem. The company's new flashy pairing support is only limited
to their W1 compatible audio products which means that every other audio system
will have to suffer through the same snags that Bluetooth pairing entails. This
is very disappointing because Apple is taking away an industry standard port
claiming to pave the way for newer technologies but locking this new technology
only to the Apple ecosystem and not across the whole board just beats the whole
purpose. I would have defended Apple in this regard claiming that since
everything is going digital, getting rid of the analogue 3.5mm jack is zeitgeist
but seeing as how Apple has made a conscious decision to lock their new
technology to the Apple ecosystem just seems underhanded and wrong.

So, considering all of these claims, investing on an iPhone 7, especially at
this point in time, is not a very good idea. The phone looks like the iPhone 6
with additional cables and converters plugged into it and it does not bring
drastic performance increments to actually make the jump from an iPhone 6 to the
7. The loss of the headphone jack is also a big problem at this point of time
and would only mean that you'd have to keep track on one more (Bluetooth
headsets) device to charge up. Also using Bluetooth instead to cabled headphones
would mean quicker battery drain. The shortcoming of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone
7 Plus are just too stark for me to recommend it right not. The retina display
of the iPhone also seems pointless today since almost all flagships by other
manufactures come with 2k or 4k display resolutions at a higher pixel per inch
ratio. Currently, the iPhone 7 doesn't bring much to the table and even the new
feature that they have introduced feel rudimentary and impish at this stage.
Maybe waiting for the next iteration in the iPhone line would be a better call.

If your technological devices are giving you a hard time or if you're just
curious about certain technological questions, please drop us an email at
technopolis.tkp@gmail.com and we'll try to answer your questions as best we can.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Dual-cam iPhone 7 Plus is editor's choice;
It is September again - that time of the year when Apple releases new iPhones.
Trevor Tan tests the latest iPhone 7 and 7 Plus to see if they are worth your
moolah.

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 1233 words


DESIGN - SAME BUT DIFFERENT

Despite being a full upgrade from 6 to 7 without any "S" suffix, the iPhone 7
and 7 Plus look almost like the previous two generations of iPhones.

In fact, both iPhones share the same physical dimensions as their immediate "S"
predecessors. Thickness, length and width are the same, with the same display
size and pixel resolution. However, they are up to 5g lighter than their direct
predecessors.

But both new iPhones are rated at IP67, which means they are dust resistant and
water resistant (they can be immersed in depths of up to 1m for 30min).

You can practically wash the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus after the phones get dirty or
smudgy.

The big news is the phones' lack of a headphone jack. In its place is another
set of speakers (more on the iPhones' audio later).

If you choose one of the two new black models - black or jet black - you can
hardly see the antenna bands.

The other three colours - silver, gold and rose gold - have the familiar white
fronts, while the black models have both their front and back in black.

The back of the black and jet black versions are finished in matte black and
glossy black, respectively. Both finishes picked up a fair share of smudges, but
the jet black model is more susceptible to fingerprints and scratches.

I know I am definitely going for a black iPhone 7 Plus, but I am still undecided
on which one.

TECH SPECS

APPLE iPHONE 7 PLUS

PRICE: $1,248 (32GB), $1,418 (128GB), $1,588 (256GB); available on Sept 16

PROCESSOR: A10 Fusion chip with 64-bit architecture with embedded M10 motion
co-processor

SCREEN: 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch; 1,920 x 1,080 pixels

CAMERAS: 12-megapixel rear dual cameras (wide-angle f/1.8; telephoto f/2.8), 7
-megapixel front camera f/2.2

WEIGHT: 188g

RATING

FEATURES: 5/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

VALUE: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

TECH SPECS

APPLE iPHONE 7

PRICE: $1,048 (32GB), $1,218 (128GB), $1,388 (256GB); available on Sept 16

PROCESSOR: A10 Fusion chip with 64-bit architecture with embedded M10 motion
co-processor

SCREEN: 4.7-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch; 1,334 x 750 pixels

CAMERAS: 12-megapixel rear camera f/1.8, 7-megapixel front camera f/2.2

WEIGHT: 138g

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

VALUE: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

NEW HOME BUTTON

Another design change you cannot see but can feel is the new Home button. It is
no longer a physical button but a touch-capacitive button.

Using a new Taptic Engine, the Home button gives haptic feedback when you press
it.

You can customise the strength of the haptic feedback. I put it to the highest
strength.

It takes a little while to get used to it, as you need to press slighty harder
to unlock the phone rather than merely touching the previous Home button. Other
than that, it is still the same Home button you use for Touch ID, Apple Pay,
taking screenshots and Siri.

However, to reboot the iPhone now, you have to press the volume down button
(instead of the Home button) and On/Off button together.

CAMERA AND DUAL-CAMERA

The iPhone is the world's most popular camera, according to photo-sharing site
Flickr. And Apple has improved on the camera of the new iPhones.

Although it has the same 12 megapixels as its predecessors, the iPhone 7's rear
camera now comes with a larger f/1.8 aperture (up from f/2.2) that allows up to
50 per cent more light into the improved image sensor for more details.

Both new iPhones also feature a quad-tone flash, instead of the previous
dual-tone, for more natural skin tones.

Previously, only the iPhone 6s Plus' rear camera had an optical image stabiliser
(OIS). But now, both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' rear cameras have OIS.

Present in the iPhone 7 Plus only is a dual-camera system, whereby one
12-megapixel camera uses a wide-angle 28mm focal length and the other
12-megapixel camera uses a telephoto 56mm focal length. This translates to a 2x
optical zoom, but the telephoto camera lacks OIS.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus deliver sharper images with greater details, even
in the darker image areas, than their predecessors.

Auto white balance is spot on, and the camera does not produce over-vivid and
too-contrasty photos.

Image quality is equally top-notch for the 2x zoom lens.

Selfie lovers will like that the front-facing camera has been upgraded to seven
megapixels from five megapixels previously, and images appear much sharper too.

Using the quad-tone flash under incandescent lighting, I found the skin tones in
the images to be more natural than those of the iPhone 6s Plus.

SPEED

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are both armed with the new A10 Fusion chip that
features a four-core processor design. It consists of two high-performance cores
and two high-efficiency cores for up to 40 per cent faster performance than the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The iPhone 7 scored 3,364 (single-core) and 5,314 (multi-core) points in the
GeekBench 4 benchmark test, while the iPhone 7 Plus scored 3,322 (single-core)
and 5,315 (multi-core) points. This is an increase in performance ranging from
25 per cent to 49 per cent, compared to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus respectively.

Graphics-intensive games, such as Implosion and Infinity Blade 3, displayed
great texture and played smoothly without any lag. It will certainly be more
than enough for your Pokemon Go hunts.

In addition, the storage capacities of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have been doubled
from those of their predecessors. So, I can finally get a 256GB iPhone for my
growing photo collection, which is reaching breaking point.

AUDIO

Like the iPad Pro, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus deliver great stereo output from
their built-in stereo speakers. You can easily tell which end of the phone the
sound is emanating from, or when you switch the orientation of the iPhone.

But the headphone jack is gone. I rarely listen to music on my iPhone, as I have
an iPod touch for that purpose. So it is not much of a loss to me.

However, out of the box, you get Apple's EarPods with Lightning connector and a
Lightning-to-3.5mm headphone jack adapter. So, you can still use all of your old
headphones.

Listening to the EarPods with Lightning connector and the old EarPods using the
adapter on an iPhone 7 Plus, I found that the Lightning EarPods have slightly
sharper vocals and a tad more bass.

Unfortunately, the Lightning EarPods do not work with my iPhone 6s Plus and iPod
touch. So do not buy a set thinking you can use it with your current iOS
devices.

Plus, the new iPhones do not support wireless charging. I see that as an issue
with some users who want to charge and listen to music at the same time.

BATTERY LIFE

To stress-test the battery, I looped a 720p video at full brightness and full
volume, and with Wi-Fi on.The iPhone 7 lasted 7hr 40min, while the iPhone 7 Plus
lasted 8hr.

This means that both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus lasted 50min more than their
respective predecessors, which is no mean feat.

Under normal use, which includes regularly checking Facebook updates and
e-mails, both phones should easily last through a full working day - unless you
are playing Pokemon Go all the time.

·Verdict: The Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus might not have the bells and whistles or
spanking new design of their competitors, but they are still undoubtedly some of
the best smartphones on the market. Personally, the dual-camera of the iPhone 7
Plus is enough reason for me to upgrade my iPhone 6s Plus. Question is, black or
jet black'

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The iPhone 7 (front) and 7 Plus may not have the same features as their
competitors, but are still some of the best phones out there.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

About Those Wireless Headphones, and Other Apple Accessories

BYLINE: By J. D. BIERSDORFER and BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH TIP; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1840 words


After Apple unveiled new iPhones and smartwatches last week, we asked readers to
send us their questions about the devices. J. D. Biersdorfer and Brian X. Chen
answer the queries.

Q. How much is the new iPhone going to cost? Do the wireless headphones come
with the phone or is a separate payment needed? What colors do they come in
again? -- Stephanie

J. D.: Here is the breakdown for the iPhone 7, without carrier subsidies or
trade-up deals factored in:

â-  The 32-gigabyte model: $650.

â-  The 128-gigabyte model: $750.

â-  The 256-gigabyte model (the one with the largest capacity): $850.

For the larger iPhone 7 Plus:

â-  The 32-gigabyte model: $770.

â-  The 128-gigabyte model: $870.

â-  The 256-gigabyte model: $970.

Apple and most wireless carriers offer monthly payment plans to carve up the
cost into smaller cash chunks. Wired earbuds are included in the box, but the
wireless AirPods are not part of the package and will cost an additional $160
when they arrive in late October.

As for colors, you have your choice of silver, gold, pink (''rose gold'') or
flat black for all models. A new glossy ebony shade called ''jet black'' is also
available for both iPhone 7 models in the 128- and 256-gigabyte capacities, but
Footnote No. 1 on Apple's product specifications page warns that the color's
''high shine may show fine microabrasions with use.'' It suggests getting a case
to protect it -- which may defeat the purpose of getting the stylish new color
unless you like scratches or clear plastic phone cases.

I have an iPhone 6 I purchased in November 2014 with a warranty, which expires
in November 2016. Is it worth it for me to purchase an iPhone 7? -- Jack
Bertolino

Brian: Based on speed alone, it is probably worthwhile to upgrade if you
currently own an iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 is significantly faster than the iPhone
6. In speed tests conducted with the app Geekbench 4, the iPhone 7 was 114
percent faster than the iPhone 6.

Other than that, the iPhone 7 camera is significantly better than the one on the
iPhone 6. And when you consider the benefits of the iPhone 7's being water-and
dust-resistant, over all this is a meaningful upgrade if you own an iPhone that
is at least two years old.

What is the weight difference for the new phones compared to past models? --
Burt Herman

J. D.: For the iPhone models with the 4.7-inch screen size, Apple's
specifications state the iPhone 6 from two years ago tipped the scales at 4.55
ounces and last year's iPhone 6s came in at 5.04 ounces -- but the iPhone 7 dips
back down to 4.87 ounces. In the 5.5-inch screen category, the larger iPhone 6
Plus model has a listed weight of 6.07 ounces and the iPhone 6s Plus is 6.77
ounces, but the iPhone 7 Plus edges down to 6.63 ounces. In comparison, the
lightest model currently for sale is the iPhone SE, which was released earlier
this year. The iPhone SE, with a smaller four-inch screen, is a comparatively
svelte 3.99 ounces.

Can other brands of wireless headphones be used with the new 7? Or are you
limited to the Apple headphones because of a new type of chip in the device? --
Mark Singleton

Brian:  The iPhone 7 supports the open Bluetooth standard, so third-party
wireless headphones will be compatible with it. The proprietary chip you are
referring to, called W1, is inside the AirPods, Apple's new wireless earbuds.
The AirPods will work fully only with Apple devices. While non-Apple Bluetooth
devices can connect with the AirPods for audio, they would not be able to take
advantage of the AirPods' special auto-pairing feature or Siri.

How does the iPhone 7 camera differ from the ones on the iPhone 6 and 6s? -- Pat
Well

J. D.: Far from the measly fixed-focus, two-megapixel camera in 2007's original
iPhone, the iPhone 6 line of 2014 had an eight-megapixel camera with a
five-element lens, f/2.2 aperture, a True Tone Flash, face detection and other
advanced features; the larger 6 Plus also provided optical image stabilization.
The iPhone 6s series bumped up the camera resolution to 12 megapixels and added
the animated Live Photos feature and 4K video support -- but kept the
five-element lens and f/2.2 aperture, while optical image stabilization stayed
exclusive to the Plus-size version.

However, the iPhone 7 provides optical image stabilization in both the regular
and supersize models, and upgrades the hardware to a six-element lens for more
colorful photos with greater image detail. The lens also has a larger aperture
of f/1.8 and this year's iPhones have a flash that is 50 percent brighter than
the one on last year's models.

Devotion to serious smartphone photography is where the iPhone 7 line diverges,
as the bigger iPhone 7 Plus adds a second camera on the back -- a 12-megapixel
telephoto unit with a f/2.8 aperture, as well as optical and digital zoom. To
get professional-quality portraits, the 7 Plus uses the two cameras together to
show the picture's main subject in sharp focus while gently blurring the
background.

For those concerned with the selfie quality in their Instagram feeds, the
resolution on the front FaceTime camera has taken a huge leap since the
1.2-megapixel version on the iPhone 6, and even the five-megapixel front camera
on last year's iPhone 6s. The iPhone 7 now tops the line with a seven-megapixel
camera staring you in the face.

When you are in an app and you accidentally touch the iPhone's new home button,
as it is touch-sensitive now, will the app close out? -- Amanda

Brian: No, the app will not close out. The virtual home button is not just
touch-sensitive; it is force-sensitive, meaning it can detect how hard you
press. In other words, you have to press down on the button to return to the
home screen; when you do, the home button will vibrate in response.

How do you charge the new AirPods? -- John Steel

J. D.: The new wireless earbuds will come with a special portable case that both
stores and charges the headphones; numerous people have already described it as
looking like a large dental floss dispenser. The AirPods themselves are supposed
to get about five hours of use per full charge -- or a minimum of three charging
sessions to get through all four operas in Richard Wagner's epic ''Ring" cycle.

When the juice runs out, you put the AirPods in the little white charging case
to power up again. Apple estimates 15 minutes in the case should get the AirPods
about three hours of listening time or at least an hour of talk time, as the
earbuds also include microphones for phone calls or Siri commands. The special
charging case needs its own power refill after about 24 hours of listening time.
So before long trips, remember to charge the charging case as you charge the
AirPods so the music doesn't die while you are in transit.

Can the AirPods be used with older phones? -- Curtis Bale

Brian: Older iPhones capable of running the new operating system, iOS 10, will
be compatible with the AirPods. Apple's website says that iPhones all the way
back to the four-year-old iPhone 5 can run iOS 10.

When you say Apple will include an adapter in the box -- is that for old
headphones? I have very expensive headphones so I'm not just looking for earbud
replacements. -- Margaret Smyth

J. D.: Yes, each new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus includes an Apple ''Lightning to
3.5-millimeter headphone jack adapter'' in the box. This slender adapter allows
you to connect any set of headphones with the standard 3.5-millimeter plug to
the jack in the new iPhone 7. If you lose the adapter, it breaks, or you have
multiple sets of headphones in rotation, you can buy additional audio dongles on
Apple's site for $9 each. Non-Apple versions of the adapter will pop up as well.

When will the iPhone 7 be available unlocked? -- Reid

Brian: You can already order an iPhone 7 unlocked from Apple's online store.
However, Apple's webpage makes buying an unlocked phone confusing. On the iPhone
7 order page, select the model you want and select a carrier. Then choose a
color and storage capacity, and finally, scroll down and select the ''Pay in
full'' option to buy an unlocked iPhone.

Is the iPhone 7 the same size as the iPhone 6? Basically, will my case for the
iPhone 6 fit onto the iPhone 7? -- Emma Millen

J. D.: It depends on the type of case you have. While 2014's iPhone 6 and 2016's
iPhone 7 are the same width and length, the new model (and last year's iPhone
6s) is 0.01 inches thicker than the iPhone 6 -- 0.27 inches versus 0.28 inches
deep, to be specific. So loosefitting portfolio/wallet/belt-clip cases or
generic bumpers may still work depending on the individual design, but if you
have a sleek form-fitting case with precise notches carved out for ports and
components, you will probably need to go shopping. That's because the upgraded
camera system on the back of the iPhone 7 is bigger and needs a larger piece cut
away than what is provided by many cases specifically designed for the iPhone
6/6s line.

Additionally, if you plan to use the iPhone 7's new second speaker along the
bottom edge -- and do not have a case that provides a gap for it -- things may
sound a little muffled.

I just purchased an Apple Watch within the past two weeks. Since they are
selling the older version of the watch, called Series 1, with an upgraded
processor, is there any chance Apple will replace the processors on recently
purchased watches? -- Randy Eichen

Brian: Probably not. For Apple, upgrading the older Apple Watch with a new chip
was not as simple as sticking a faster chip inside it -- it required
re-engineering parts of the watch to support the new chip. If you have buyer's
remorse and would like the Apple Watch Series 1 with the faster processor, your
best bet is to go to an Apple Store and ask for an exchange.

Apple's return policy gives you 14 days to return an item for a refund or
exchange. Even if you have passed that deadline, there is a good chance that if
you beg politely, a store representative will make an exception, given the
circumstances.

Will there be a splitter available to allow recharging and listening through the
headphone jack at the same time? -- Meridee

J. D.: Yes, optional accessories are coming to the rescue for those who want to
simultaneously charge the phone's battery while using a pair of wired
headphones.

Early products include Belkin's $40 Lighting Audio and Charge RockStar adapter
and Apple's own $49 iPhone Lightning Dock. Expect other products as well.
Belkin's glossy white accessory basically turns one Lightning port into two.
Apple's latest device dock cradles the phone as it sits atop a Lightning
connector for charging or syncing to a computer; the dock is available in five
colors and compatible with all previous Lightning port-equipped iPhone models.
The back of the dock provides a 3.5-millimeter audio jack to plug in a pair of
headphones -- including the new Lightning headphones with the free adapter that
comes with the new iPhone 7 family.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/15/technology/personaltech/iphone-7
-apple-watch-faq.html

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple's chief operating officer, Jeff Williams, discussing the
Apple Watch Series 2 last week. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BECK DIEFENBACH/REUTERS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple discontinues iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus after iPhone 7 launch in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


NEW DELHI: Seems Apple is changing its India strategy. For the first time ever,
the US-based technology giant has discontinued its two-year older models in
India. Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and older models have disappeared from the
company's India website.

This comes just hours after Apple launched its brand new iPhones -- iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, at an event in San Francisco, California.Apart from the newly
launched iPhones, the listing on Apple India's website currently shows iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE. While iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus launched in
India last October, the company launched iPhone SE globally in March this year.
The smartphone was launched in India in April 2016.Incidentally, while the
discontinuation of older models is a first for India, Apple has been following
this practice in the US for past many years. Even though Apple has removed
iPhones older than two-generations from its India website, these models will
likely continue to be available on third-party e-commerce websites and retail
stores in India.Along with the discontinuing the older models, Apple has also
given a storage bump to its last year's iPhone models - iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus. These models will no longer be available in 16GB and 64GB versions. The
new storage options available in these iPhones are 32GB and 128GB.Apple,
however, has retained the 16GB model in iPhone SE, which will continue to be
available in 16GB and 64GB storage options. As for the all-new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, these will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants.The new iPhones
will launch in India on October 7 and will have a starting price of Rs 60,000.On
the specifications front, the iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D
Touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display (again, with
3D Touch). Running iOS 10, both smartphones are powered by a new, Apple-designed
quad-core A10 Fusion processor. The company claims that the new CPU is 40%
faster than its predecessor - A9, which powers the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus.Apple iPhone 7 has a 12MP iSight camera with 6-element lens, f/1.8
aperture, high-speed sensor, 4K video recording and a Quad-LED two-tone flash.
On the other hand, the iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras (one wide-angle
with f/1.8 aperture and other telephoto with f/2.8 aperture for depth-of-field)
along with Quad-LED flash.Another new feature hitting the iPhone models is water
and dust resistance. Both smartphones have a new Home button which is now
touch-sensitive and uses a new Taptic Engine for better response.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

An iPhone That Keeps Apple's Promises

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; TECH FIX; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1458 words


Apple's iPhone, just short of 10 years old, has hit puberty.

Like adolescents coping with awkward changes to their bodies, the iPhone 7, due
for release on Friday, introduces some uncomfortable transitions. They include
the much ballyhooed removal of the headphone jack and the replacement of the
physical home button with a virtual one.

For Apple customers, this creates a difficult choice. While upgrading iPhones in
the past was typically a no-brainer, now people must wrestle with whether to
deal with the hassle of having no audio jack. Many people could simply upgrade
to last year's model, the iPhone 6S, which is also a fast phone with great
cameras and still has the jack.

Yet after testing the new iPhone 7 and its larger sibling, the 7 Plus, for five
days, I have hopped on the 7 train. While it is irritating not to have an audio
jack -- Apple nixed the 3.5 millimeter port to make room for faster chips,
better batteries and to make the iPhone water-resistant -- and the older
physical home button feels better to press than the new virtual one, the new
iPhones deliver on Apple's promises.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are tremendously fast -- more than double the speed of
the two-year-old iPhone 6 -- and their cameras produce superb, vivid photos. The
battery life is improved, and the iPhones survived water torture tests.

And after a while, I didn't miss the headphone jack as much as I thought. Apple
is pushing people toward wireless earphones with the introduction of AirPods,
its first wireless earbuds, which I tried. I found AirPods to be a decent first
attempt at wireless audio, though there were glitches.

The bottom line: Those who have been waiting years to buy a new phone are in
store for a major upgrade with the iPhone 7.

Why you don't need a jack

When rumors surfaced about the iPhone 7, they centered on Apple's omission of
the decades-old headphone jack, one of the longest surviving technology
standards. The now-discontinued port let consumers plug many accessories in,
including speakers, earphones and credit card readers. Now the new iPhones have
only one port for hooking up accessories: Apple's proprietary Lightning
connector that was traditionally used for charging the iPhone's battery.

Apple understood that parting with the audio jack would be painful. So it made
two moves:

1) The new iPhones include a converter, or a dongle with a Lightning connector
on one side, for plugging into the iPhone, and an audio port on the other end,
for plugging in an audio accessory.

2) Also included in the box: A pair of wired earbuds with a Lightning connector.

For iPhone owners who relied on Apple's included earbuds, the Lightning earbuds
solve that problem. But for consumers hoarding lots of wired audio gear, the
converter solution is less convenient since the adapter is tiny and easy to
lose. If you have a pair of great wired headphones, your best bet is to leave
the converter connected to the headphones so you don't forget it.

The most convenient workaround to not having a headphone jack is to make the
leap to wireless earphones. Apple's wireless AirPods, due for release in
October, cost $159 and come in a box that resembles a dental-floss dispenser.
They connect to the iPhone's Bluetooth connection via a proprietary chip in the
earphones, called W1.

This makes setting AirPods up extremely easy: When you open the box next to the
iPhone, the earphones automatically pair with the device. (The box also charges
AirPods.) From there, you simply put the earphones on and start listening to
music or podcasts; removing the earphones causes the audio to pause.

Here is where AirPods fell short for me: Sometimes when listening to podcasts, a
glitch caused the podcasts to rewind and replay a small segment -- an eerie
echo. In addition, when using AirPods outside, there was occasional
interference, causing the audio to crackle and cut out.

An Apple spokeswoman said the company was looking into the podcast issue, adding
that the AirPods I tested were early hardware and that bugs should be resolved
by the time they are released next month.

Over all, AirPods sound decent, with loud bass and clear audio quality,
comparable to the wired earbuds that Apple has included in iPhones for years.
They aren't, however, sufficient for drowning out the thunderous prattle of a
loud co-worker.

While AirPods do a good job staying in your ears, they look odd, like dangling
short white stubs. They evoked mockery from one of my editors, who said,
''Cigarettes belong in your mouth, not your ears, Brian.''

I recommend waiting for Apple to fix the issues with AirPods before considering
them. Meanwhile, there are plenty of great Bluetooth headphones. My favorite is
Bose's QuietComfort 35, a pair of fantastic wireless noise-canceling headphones.

Speed, cameras and durability

The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is the sharp speed
increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything -- switching between apps, opening
the camera -- feels snappier. The iPhone 7 battery also gets about two hours
more juice than the 6S.

Using the app Geekbench 4, I tested the speeds of the iPhone 7, 6S and 6. The
iPhone 7 was 39 percent faster than the 6S and 114 percent faster than the 6. So
people who bought the 6S last year can probably skip upgrading to the 7, but
those holding onto a 6 and anything older will benefit from a tremendous
performance gain.

Apple also improved the iPhone cameras. Like the 6S devices, the iPhone 7
devices carry 12-megapixel sensors. The difference is that both the new iPhones
include optical image stabilization, a feature that helps photos remain clear
even when your hands are shaky. The larger model, the 7 Plus, also includes a
second camera on the back. The two cameras work together to show the photo's
main subject clearly while gently blurring the background.

In my tests comparing photos taken with the iPhone 6S, 7 and 7 Plus, as well as
a competitor, Samsung's Galaxy S7, photos taken with the 7 Plus had noticeably
better detail when reviewed on a large computer monitor. But when reviewing
photos taken with each camera side by side on a smaller smartphone screen, the
differences were negligible.

So while the new iPhones have great cameras, I wouldn't let that drive your
buying decision. If you prefer a larger screen for reading and watching videos,
consider the 7 Plus, but if you prefer something easier to carry in a pocket and
type on using one hand, go for the 7. (The iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch screen; the 7
Plus has a 5.5-inch screen.)

Lastly, Apple made changes to the new iPhones to improve durability. The iPhones
are designed to be water-resistant. In my tests, they survived a swim in a water
pitcher. The physical home button was replaced with a force-sensitive virtual
one. It remains to be seen if the new home button will be more durable. In the
past, one of the first components to wear out on older iPhones was the home
button.

Bottom Line

There are two types of tech consumers: Those who upgrade on a fairly regular
cycle (about every two years with smartphones) to embrace new technology, and
those who upgrade only when they feel they need to.

If you're in the former camp and own an iPhone that is at least two years old,
the decision is obvious: The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are great upgrades. But if you
just bought the iPhone 6S last year, the improvements will be incremental, and
you may want to save your money for the next iPhone.

If you're in the latter group, it's a tougher question. If you have, say, the
four-year-old iPhone 5, you will see a great improvement with an iPhone 6S or a
7. Your decision may come down to how much the lack of a headphone jack and
physical home button bothers you. Audiophiles with lots of wired accessories,
for example, may find using a converter too inconvenient.

But taking the leap to the 7 may be a wise bet, even for late technology
adopters. Apple is likely to continue making iPhones without headphone jacks,
and next year's iPhone will have a full-screen face with the virtual button
built directly into the screen, according to two people at the company who spoke
on condition of anonymity because the product details are private. Apple
declined to comment on next year's iPhones.

To compete with Apple, rivals may also eliminate the audio jack to make room for
faster processors, better batteries and more durable parts. (A little-known
fact: Lenovo beat Apple to removing the audio jack in its new smartphone, Moto
Z, released this year.)

Sooner or later, consumers will probably look back at the iPhone's puberty phase
and accept that changes had to be made for the smartphone to mature. I, for one,
am looking forward to a future with fewer wires.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/15/technology/personaltech/iphone-7
-review-though-not-perfect-new-iphones-keep-apples-promises.html

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple products on display during a Sept. 7 media event in San
Francisco when the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were unveiled. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSH
EDELSON/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES) (B8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 13, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus CAD designs appear online

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words


Here's more on Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The latest leak comes from NWE
editor Steve Hemmerstoffer's @OnLeaks. Hemmerstoffer has shared CAD images of
the upcoming iPhones on his Twitter account.The images which come courtesy a
alleged sub-contractor that works for Apple, show the removal of the two antenna
lines on the back cover.

They also point to addition of a Smart Connector port on the larger Apple iPhone
7 Plus.The images also reveal a dual-camera setup, as widely speculated earlier
too, for the larger iPhone 7 plus.KGI Securities Ming-Chi Kuo, who has the best
track record when it comes to Apple devices, recently said in a research note
that Apple will ship a dual-lens iSight camera in all iPhone 7 Plus models.Kuo
also predicts that iPhone 7 Plus will come with 3GB RAM, with Apple adding
another gigabyte to the total RAM. However, iPhone 7 will come with 2GB RAM. He
also see Apple shipping 20 to 30 million iPhone 7 Plus units during the second
half of 2016 alone.According Chinese microblogging website Weibo, the upcoming
iPhones will also get a battery boost. The Weibo report, which also has photos
allegedly from the factory floor, show battery capacity of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus as 1735mAh and 2810mAh respectively.Recently, in an interview to CNBC,
Apple CEO Tim Cook had said that iPhone 7 will have features 'you can't live
without'. ook told CNBC's Jim Cramer, "We have great innovation in the pipeline,
like new iPhones that will incent you and other people that have iPhones today
to upgrade to new iPhones... We are going to give you things that you can't live
without, that you just don't even know you need today..."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple India Reveals iPhone 7 Pricing Details

LENGTH: 162  words


The top-end variant to cost Rs 92,000.

Keep your expensive iPhone jokes handy as Apple has just unveiled the pricing
details of its latest handsets. The best thing is that the information comes
directly from Apple's official website in India. Apple has also confirmed that
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be launching in India on October 7. Earlier
today, Apple slashed the the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus prices to make way for
the waterproof iPhone duo.

The iPhone 7 Plus that boasts of a dual camera setup will be available in jet
black, black, silver, gold, and rose gold (pink). Its pricing details are as
follows:

iPhone 7 Plus 32 GB - 72,000

iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB - 82,000

iPhone 7 Plus 256 GB - 92,000 (insert your kidney joke here)

The compact iPhone 7 with a 4.7-inch display comes in same hues as that of its
sibling. Due to the lack of fancy dual-camera setup, the iPhone 7 costs
relatively lesser:

iPhone 7 32 GB - 60,000

iPhone 7 128 GB - 70,000

iPhone 7 256 GB - 80,000

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           September 12, 2016 Monday

IN 7TH HEAVEN

BYLINE: Aiman Maulana

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 757 words


Apple launched its newest iPhones in San Francisco last week and fans here
couldn't wait to get a byte too, writes Aiman Maulana

IT'S almost a tradition. For the past three years, Apple had always released its
latest iPhones in September.

Whether you love it or hate it, one has to admit to being a little curious about
new iPhones.

Will there be a brand new feature to blow us away? Will the screens be bigger?
Will there be an improvement in the battery department?

MORE POWERFUL

The new iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus will be powered by Apple's new A10 Fusion chip.
Apparently, this is so powerful that it is capable of console-level gaming. It
is said to be 40 per cent faster than the previous A9 chip in the iPhone 6S,
iPhone 6S Plus and iPhone SE. It's also 50 per cent faster than the A9 chip in
graphics performance.

The A10 Fusion chip is a 64-bit quadcore processor consisting of two high
performance cores and two energy-efficient cores.

The energy-efficient cores are designed to help improve battery life, while the
high performance cores will ensure smooth operations throughout.

GLOSSY GLORY

If you think the new iPhone 7 looks awfully familiar, I can't blame you.
However, instead of the matte metal finish that we're so familiar with, the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have a glossy, mirrored design. Something else that's
very hard to miss is that it appears to have quite a bump on the camera, much
like Huawei Nexus 6P.

iPhone 7 also comes in a new colour, Jet Black, that is darker and richer than
Space Black.

Apple will also be releasing the new iPhones in standard black colour as well as
gold, silver and rose gold.

Aesthetics aside, Apple has confirmed that the new iPhones are IP67
water-resistant. I still wouldn't take a bath with it though.

IMPROVED CAMERA

The camera in the new iPhone 7 has been upgraded to include optical image
stabilisation and a bright f/1.8 lens which is said to allow 50 per cent more
light than the f/2.2 lens in iPhone 6s. It still has a 12-megapixel sensor but
is now 60 per cent faster and 30 per cent more efficient. This means shooting
photos will bemore convenient. The front camera has been upgraded to 7
megapixels, along with automatic image stabilisation for better selfies and
video recording.

The biggest upgrade is in the iPhone 7 Plus which features a dual-camera system
with 2x optical zoom. One of the lenses is a 28mm wide angle lens while the
other is a 60mm telephoto lens. With an upcoming software update, you can use
both lenses on the iPhone 7 Plus to mimic a shallow depth of field, similar to
what you can get with DSLRs.

However, due to the camera's sensor size, subjects would have to be close to the
camera for it to work.

REDESIGNED HOME BUTTON

The iPhone's signature home button is also new. It is pressure-sensitive and no
longer clicks. It does simulate the click via vibration, similar to the
ForceTouch trackpad on Macbooks. The home button has the Taptic Engine haptic
feedback system from the Apple Watch, which can provide different vibration
feedbacks for specific types of notifications.

AU REVOIR HEADPHONE JACK!

Rumours have been circulating for quite some time about the removal of the
headphone jack on the iPhone.

It's true. In its place is a secondary speaker, which effectively means that the
new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have stereo speakers. To utilise the headphones,
you will need to connect it via the Lightning port, which is a good thing as it
means that Apple is moving towards digital audio with the iPhones, which means
better audio quality.

Along with the new iPhone, Apple announced a new set of wireless headphones
known as the AirPods.

It looks like the old earpods but is wireless and uses sensors to detect when
plugged into your ears. You can use it to activate Siri. If you want to use
headphones which utilises the standard stereo jack, the iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus
comes with a Lightning adapter for it. Yes, this means you can't listen to music
on your earphones when charging the device.

BEST BATTERY LIFE YET

The iPhone 7 will have approximately two hours more battery life than iPhone 6S,
while the iPhone 7 Plus has an extra hour compared to the iPhone 6S Plus. This
may not seem like much but a little improvement is still better than nothing.

MORE STORAGE

What is probably the best news is that there will no longer be a 16GB version
for the new iPhones. The lowest storage capacity is now 32GB. There will also be
128GB and 256GB variants.

HOW MUCH

The iPhone 7 is priced from USD649 (about RM2,626) and the iPhone 7 Plus is
USD769 (about RM3,100).

( END )

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7 launch: Here is how Twitterati slammed its pricing, no headphone
jack;
The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in India exactly a month
after its global unveiling at the Bill Graham Centre in San Francisco on
Wednesday.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 270  words


The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in India exactly a month
after its global unveiling at the Bill Graham Centre in San Francisco on
Wednesday. When sales start on October 7, the iPhone 7 model will become
available for prices starting Rs 60,000 for the 32GB version. This is
significant as the iPhone 6s 16GB had an India launch price of Rs 62,000.
Pricing of the iPhone 7 Plus is still unknown. The new iPhone 7 series comes
with new updates to performance, camera and display technology. Last year the
iPhone 6s started at Rs 62,000 going up all the way to Rs 82,000 in India; the
iPhone 6s Plus started at Rs 72,000 going up all the way to Rs 92,000.

An Apple press note confirmed India will be in the second batch of countries,
which will get the newly announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. This is also the
first time they've confirmed the India pricing at the launch event itself. Like
with the iPhone SE, Apple has been quick to announce the price, thus putting an
end to unnecessary speculation. Apple also confirmed prices for the new
accessories. The wireless AirPods including charging case will be available for
Rs 15,400 beginning in late October. All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will
include EarPods with Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone
Jack Adapter. Apple will sell these separately as well at Rs 2,500 and Rs 900,
respectively. With such a pricing and no headphone jack, it was obvious for
social media to react. Here are some of the reactions:

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus go on sale on September 16 in stores, although
pre-orders open from September 9.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 10:56 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole Apple event in just 120 seconds;
A new enclosure also means the iPhone 7 Plus is both water and dust resistant
thanks to a 'IP67 protection standard'

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 626 words


For those of you without the patience to sit through a whole Apple event -
here's the whole iPhone 7 launch in just 120 seconds.

It includes pretty much everything you need to know from the big show, from
demonstrating the new wireless earphones to the latest Apple watch.

Apple officially announced the iPhone 7 Plus tonight, its first smartphone to
offer dual camera technology with telephoto capabilities for a 2X optical zoom.

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco, the
new iPhone doesn't look too dissimilar to the last year's iPhone 6S Plus device.

It sports the same aluminium design, rounded edges but this time without the
iconic antenna lines and a high-gloss finish.

But the key feature in the iPhone 7 Plus is that, as expected, it is the first
to offer a dual lens camera.

That means there's now two 12MP cameras built in to the device; one has the wide
angle 12MP lens while the other is a telephoto lens.

This means users can create a zoom feature, via the camera app as before, but
now witha new 1X button above the shutter.

With this button you can just tap it and the photo jumps to a 2X optical zoom.

You can put your finger on to drag across to zoom from 1x to 10x, with much
better zoom quality than seen on the iPhone 6S.

Apple's new waterproof iPhone 7 launched with new home button, updated camera
and new 'jet black' colour

"The 12-megapixel camera includes optical image stabilisation and a larger f/1.8
aperture and 6-element lens enabling brighter, more detailed photos and videos,
and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colors with more detail," an
Apple spokesman said.

"The iPhone 7 Plus' dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new depth-of-field
effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images, while
sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only with DSLR
cameras."

There's no audio port on the iPhone 7 Plus, so users will need to connect their
earbuds either over Bluetooth or via the device's lightning connection.

Apple unveiled its new wireless earpods, which connect wireless to the iPhone or
Apple Watch automatically with one tap.

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8

Another one of the iPhone 7 Plus' most exciting feature is the iPhone's new
enclosure which is both water and dust resistant thanks to 'IP67 protection
standard' meaning it will be safe from water or dust if "the worst happens".

As for the display, Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus 's Retina HD display 25%
brighter than on the iPhone 6S Plus, while retaining the 3D Touch capability.

The iPhone 7 Plus also features a new home button that is more simple but more
powerful and customisable, Apple said. It's been re-engineered so it is now
"force-sensitive", meaning it works together with a new haptic engine to be more
responsive and creating a better feel, giving users unique haptic feedback
depending on how you're using it.

Super Mario is coming to the iPhone App Store

The new iPhone 7 Plus will be available to pre-order from September 9 before
they start shipping on September 16 in the UK.

It will be available with 32GB, 128GB or 256GB storage options in the usual
Black, Gold, Silver, Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called
simply "Jet Black", which is much darker than previous black models.

How much are the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       March 6, 2016 Sunday 02:01 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: iPhone Pro won't be for amateurs; Slimmed down bodies;
Drones on the way?

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 645  words


Click for image

The next high-end flagship Apple smartphone could be minus the Plus if rumors
swirling this past week are true: An iPhone Pro, rather than an iPhone 7 Plus,
could be on the way.

IPHONE 7 PRO

The reliable MacRumors website isn't exactly betting the farm on a report from
Chinese website MyDrivers that Apple might name a version of its next iPhone
phablet, boasting a rear dual-lens camera, the iPhone Pro. "Apple is reportedly
considering the name to distinguish the device from the iPhone 7 and the iPhone
7 Plus, said to include standard single-lens cameras," MacRumors writes.

Reliable source or not, the MyDrivers report triggered a slew of follow-ups
about the possible smartphone name. As Forbes notes, the addition of an iPhone 7
Pro to a regular old iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - plus a 4-inch iPhone 5se in
March - would be quite the bumper crop of Apple smartphones for one calendar
year.

Boy Genius Report says a new naming convention makes sense:

"Truth be told, this idea actually makes quite a bit of sense. Consider this: At
first glance, the only apparent difference between an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7
Plus would be their different screen sizes. But with rumors swirling that the
iPhone 7 Plus will be the only iPhone model to be graced with the company's
exciting dual camera lens technology, why not make that distinction clearer with
a 'Pro' designation?"

But not everyone is happy with this possible turn of events. The Know Your
Mobile blog has launched an online intervention, begging "Apple, Don't Mess Up
The iPhone 7 By Fragmenting it To HELL!" Writer Michael Grothaus argues that
"lots of people want all the latest features without the larger display," and in
particular expresses dismay at the idea that Apple might reserve the dual-lens
camera for the larger-screen iPhone.

THE SKINNY ON IPHONE 7

Every millimeter counts when it comes to smartphones and Apple is said to be
introducing an iPhone 7 that will be 1mm slimmer than the 6.1mm iPhone 6s,
according to Cult of Mac, which cites Macotakara as its source on this
speculation. Cult of Mac points out that the iPhone has been slenderized from
11.6mm if you go back to the first version.

"Personally, I'd rather that Apple provide a bigger battery than focus on
slimming down the iPhone even more," writes Cult of Mac's Luke Dormehl.

Rumors of a more slender iPhone have gone hand in hand with speculation Apple
will ditch the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack for a version of its Lightning
port, though some would rather keep a thicker phone if it would mean a beefier
battery could be used.

OGLING AN OLED SCREEN

But maybe a beefier battery wouldn't be needed if Apple does indeed use a more
energy efficient OLED screen for its iPhone, as it has done for its smart
watches. Such a screen has largely been rumored to be on the drawing board for
2018, but the latest word is that an OLED screen might appear as soon as 2017.

9to5Mac says that Apple is nearing a deal - worth more than $12B -- with Samsung
and LG to pump out the displays.

One result of Apple possibly moving up its OLED timeline would be a delay in
producing curved phones, writes Apple Insider, which cites Nikkei for its latest
news on this topic. "Manufacturers don't have enough time to ensure panel
reliability in conjunction with a potentially unconventional design, and Apple
wants to bring OLED to market as soon as possible, the report said," according
to Apple Insider.

DRONING ON ABOUT IPHONE 7

Apple and drone maker DJI are partners, as evidenced by the fact that the new
Phantom 4 Camera Drone ($1,400) is available exclusively via Apple for the next
few weeks. DJI's demos have all featured iPads or iPhones being used to control
the quadcopters, and concept designers have floated the idea about Apple someday
making its own drones. I wouldn't put it past them...

MORE: Best iPhone 7 design concepts of 2016

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Etisalat offers first 'iPhone for Life' upgrade program

LENGTH: 249  words


Get your iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus from Etisalat

Dubai based telecommunications service provider Etisalat recently announced that
it will be offering the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus along with a new iPhone
For Life program for its UAE customers.

Khaled Elkhouly, Chief Consumer Officer at Etisalat said: "We are just as
excited about the launch of the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus devices as our
customers in the UAE. Etisalat customers will be able to enjoy the experience of
the iPhone 7 at the same time as Apple's global markets. We are also proud to be
the first to announce the 'iPhone for Life' program in the country giving our
subscribers the privilege to upgrade to the latest iPhone for free every year."

Etisalat will be introducing a variety of postpaid offers, making highly
affordable for all customer segments. As part of the program, customers can get
the new iPhone 7 or the iPhone 7 Plus on an 18 or 24 month contract with a free
upgrade every year, meaning customers can switch to the latest iPhone when it
gets launched. The program starts on October 10 and customers can subscribe to
it for free. They will be eligible to a free of charge upgrade to iPhone 7 after
the completion of 12 months of their contract duration.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available across Etisalat stores in the UAE in
all capacities and colours mainly Jet Black, Black, Rose Gold, Gold and Silver.
Customers can opt to purchase the device at monthly rentals starting from AED
115 per month.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 impact: Apple discontinues iPhone 5S, 6 and 6 Plus in India

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- Zee Media Bureau
 US tech giant Apple Inc on Wednesday launched the much anticipated iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus during an exciting event at the Bill Graham auditorium in San
Francisco.


 With the new iPhones, Apple finally paid heed to the complaints of its
customers and did away with 16GB internal memory variant - which means that the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus variants come with a minimum 32GB internal memory.
 However, the launch of the new iPhones has affected three other iPhones of
Apple - the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
 These three iPhones have been removed from the company's website in India
suggesting that they have been 'discontinued'.
 This comes as bad news for customers who look towards buying older iPhones as
prices fall after the launch of new phones.
 Usually, Apple cuts the prices of its iPhones once new ones are launched in the
market.
 But having said that, the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus could still be
available in the market with third-party.
 And finally, this leaves Indian customers with just three series of iPhones to
choose from - iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, iPhone 6S and 6S Plu and iPhone SE.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                October 20, 2016

Apple iPhone 7 Makes Big Q3 Impact In Just 2 Weeks Of Sales

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 384 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Click02-aapl-102016-company.
jpg

The iPhone 7 was only available for the final two weeks of the third quarter,
but it accounted for 43% of Apple's (AAPL) U.S. iPhone sales in Q3, Consumer
Intelligence Research Partners reported Thursday.

"In a quarter with only two weeks of sales, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus grabbed
significant share of iPhones sold," Josh Lowitz, CIRP partner and co-founder,
said in a statement. "We attribute this to slow iPhone sales in the weeks
leading up to the launch of these two new models, as well as a positive
reception for the new 7 and 7 Plus models."

IBD'S TAKE: Apple stock has an IBD Composite Rating of 68, meaning it has
outperformed 68% of stocks in key metrics over the past 12 months. For a list of
better-performing stocks, check out the IBD 50.

CIRP said the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus accounted for 43% of total U.S. iPhone
sales last quarter, with iPhone 7 at 31% and iPhone 7 Plus at 12%.

Meanwhile, the lower-cost iPhone SE, in its first full quarter of availability,
had a 9% share of iPhone sales in the U.S. in Q3, CIRP said. It was the third
most popular iPhone after the two new premium handsets.

Among iPhone 7 and 7 Plus buyers, 17% upgraded from last year's iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, and 36% upgraded from iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Some 9% of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus buyers upgraded from an Android phone, while
17-21% of other iPhone buyers came from Android, CIRP said. The Android
operating system is developed by Alphabet (GOOGL)-owned Google.

Apple is scheduled to report September-quarter results, its fiscal Q4, on
Tuesday after the market close.

Apple stock fell 6 cents to 117.06 on the stock market today.

Apple iPhone Losing Luster In China

Meanwhile, UBS analyst Jinjin Wang reported Thursday that Apple is losing market
share in China to lower-cost domestic brands such as OPPO, Vivo and Huawei.

The homegrown competitors are gaining share thanks to advertising and strong
offline distribution, she said.

Plus, there is "less consumer embarrassment in owning a domestic brand," Wang
said in a research report.

IPhone 7 sales in China are weaker than last year's iPhone 6S because a
"perceived lack of innovation for the 7 has made users hesitant to upgrade,"
Wang said.

RELATED:

Apple Readying Long-Awaited Mac Hardware Refresh

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Get iPhone 7 at only Rs 1,700 by using Aadhar card-Know how

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 14 -- Zee Media Bureau
 This festive season would be more than merrier for Indian consumer if news
reports are to be believed.
 Apple iPhone has always been a craze among smartphone users. However the
exorbitant price of the gadget has dented the aspirations of many who want to
use the iPhone.


 MUST READ
 Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus pre-order begins; these countries can book it
 As per media reports, you can get Apple's latest iPhone 7 at just Rs 1,700.
 Reports say that if you have Aadhar card, you can buy the iPhone 7 at a down
payment of Rs 1,700 while the remaining part can be paid in installments.
 Apple is reportedly in talks about the feasibility of this scheme with the
Indian banks.
 Apple enthusiasts in India will be able to get their hands on the latest iPhone
7 from October 7.
 MUST READ
 With iPhone 7, Apple eyes long festival season in India
 Last week, Apple launched two smartphones - iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -
yesterday at an event in San Francisco.
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new Jet Black colour
variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants.
 While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other
models was not disclosed.
 IPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a
5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a
new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 per cent faster
than the previous generation.
 The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording.
The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras - one wide-angle and a telephoto
lens.
 Both iPhones have a similar 7MP Facetime camera, which is bumped up from 5MP on
the iPhone 6S. The handsets come with IP67 rating signifying the fact that it is
water and dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone.
 The models also have a new home button which is now touch sensitive and uses a
new Taptic engine for better response.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 draws presale hit on Note 7's absence

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 469 words


An LG Uplus model promotes a special handset purchase program for iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus dubbed H Plus Club in this file photo. The mobile carrier said the
subscribers of the program can get a hanf-price discount on the handset on
condition that they hand in the used iPhone 7 or 7 Plus when they change their
handset after 18 months. / Courtesy of LG Uplus

Apple's iPhone 7 and the larger iPhone 7 Plus are drawing strong consumer
response in their first day of presales here, mobile carriers said Friday.

This came as the new iPhones have been expected to benefit from lightened
competition in the premium smartphone market after Samsung Electronics decided
to ditch the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7.

'Such a heated response has been fully expected,' a telecom industry source
said. 'Added to those who have been loyal to the iPhone series, the iPhone 7 has
drawn new demand from those who are dissatisfied with the Note 7.'

KT said it sold more than 20,000 iPhone 7s and iPhone 7 Pluses in the first
minute after opening for presales at 9 a.m. It stopped receiving applications
for the first round of presales 15 minutes later, selling all 50,000 new iPhones
. Only those who applied for presales in the first round can receive the handset
on the introduction day of the new iPhone on Oct. 21.

KT said it restarted receiving presale applications at 10:30 a.m. online and has
continued the reception at its offline stores.

SK Telecom also said its first-round presales ended in 20 minutes and the second
round, which started 10 minutes later, closed in an hour. SK Telecom said the
new iPhones with the jet black finish were all sold out a minute into the second
round of presales.

'We have received twice as many presale applications for the iPhone 7 series,
compared to those for the iPhone 6s series,' SK Telecom said.

LG Uplus said it has received more than 20,000 presale applications.

Apple introduced waterproof and dustproof features, and removed the hardware
home button for the new iPhone for the first time in the series. The U.S.
smartphone giant also removed the analog earphone port and instead released
exclusive wireless earphones, drawing mixed responses from consumers.

A 32GB iPhone 7 was priced at 869,000 won ($766.18) in Korea. iPhone7s with
storage of 128GB and 256GB will be sold for 999,900 won and 1.13 million won,
respectively. A larger 32GB iPhone 7 Plus was priced at 1.02 million won. The
most expensive model, the 256GB iPhone 7 Plus, will be sold for 1.28 million
won.

SK Telecom said consumers can receive the biggest subsidy of 122,000 won by
purchasing an iPhone 7 with the T Signature Master monthly subscription plan,
which costs more than 110,000 per month. Customers choosing a 32GB iPhone 7 can
get an extra 15 percent subsidiary, provided by each outlet, the mobile carrier
reported.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus prices leaked ahead of launch

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has already sent out the invites for the launch event of next
iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- scheduled for September 7. The
smartphones until now have been through numerous leaks and rumours, now the
latest one claims to reveal the duo's pricing in China. According to a report by
Phoneradar, iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus are expected to come in three
variants (based on storage) -- 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. While the iPhone 7 32GB is
said to cost CNY 5288, the 128GB and 256GB variants are expected to costs CNY
6088 and CNY 7088 respectively.

As for the larger and more powerful iPhone 7 Plus, the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
versions are supposed to come with a price tag of CNY 6088, CNY 6888 and CNY
7888 respectively.Converting the prices to Indian currency, the 32GB, 128GB and
256GB of iPhone 7 would approximately cost Rs 53,000, Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250
respectively. While 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would
roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs 69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.However, since the
above is straight conversion of China prices, one could expect the smartphones
to cost more in India as import duties and other factors too come into play.As
per some recent reports, the iPhone 7 will feature a 4.7-inch 3D touch display,
while the iPhone 7 Plus is expected to feature a large 5.5-inch display. The
company is also planning to increase the display resolution in the iPhone 7 to
enable users to use the device for reading and app navigation.The iPhone 7 is
rumoured to be powered by Apple's A10 processor paired with 2GB RAM. The 'Plus'
variant is said to feature the same processor with 4GB RAM.As for the camera,
the upcoming iPhone 7 is expected to bear a 12MP rear camera coupled with a 5MP
front-facing snapper. As far as the iPhone 7 Plus is concerned, you can expect a
16MP rear camera. Both will be powered by the iOS 10 OS version.The handsets
might also ditch the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack and instead come with a
lightning connector for headphones. Rumours also indicate the Cupertino-based
tech firm to incorporate fast charging functionality into both the devices. But
there are some quarters, which say that this feature is highly unlikely.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus prices leaked ahead of launch

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has already sent out the invites for the launch event of next
iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- scheduled for September 7. The
smartphones until now have been through numerous leaks and rumours, now the
latest one claims to reveal the duo's pricing in China. According to a report by
Phoneradar, iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus are expected to come in three
variants (based on storage) -- 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. While the iPhone 7 32GB is
said to cost CNY 5288, the 128GB and 256GB variants are expected to costs CNY
6088 and CNY 7088 respectively.

As for the larger and more powerful iPhone 7 Plus, the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
versions are supposed to come with a price tag of CNY 6088, CNY 6888 and CNY
7888 respectively.Converting the prices to Indian currency, the 32GB, 128GB and
256GB of iPhone 7 would approximately cost Rs 53,000, Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250
respectively. While 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would
roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs 69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.However, since the
above is straight conversion of China prices, one could expect the smartphones
to cost more in India as import duties and other factors too come into play.As
per some recent reports, the iPhone 7 will feature a 4.7-inch 3D touch display,
while the iPhone 7 Plus is expected to feature a large 5.5-inch display. The
company is also planning to increase the display resolution in the iPhone 7 to
enable users to use the device for reading and app navigation.The iPhone 7 is
rumoured to be powered by Apple's A10 processor paired with 2GB RAM. The 'Plus'
variant is said to feature the same processor with 4GB RAM.As for the camera,
the upcoming iPhone 7 is expected to bear a 12MP rear camera coupled with a 5MP
front-facing snapper. As far as the iPhone 7 Plus is concerned, you can expect a
16MP rear camera. Both will be powered by the iOS 10 OS version.The handsets
might also ditch the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack and instead come with a
lightning connector for headphones. Rumours also indicate the Cupertino-based
tech firm to incorporate fast charging functionality into both the devices. But
there are some quarters, which say that this feature is highly unlikely.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now available in Mobily shops

LENGTH: 211  words


MOBILY announced Saturday that it is now offering iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
the best, most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera
system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10
Fusion chip, which is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering
the best battery life ever in an iPhone.

Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available to pick up in Mobily retail shops.

Mobily is committed to offering customers innovative and unprecedented services,
including prepaid and postpaid packages that take advantage of our fast 4G
network," said Mohammed Al Belwe, Executive General Manager of Corporate
Communications and PR, Mobily. "With the launch of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on
Mobily, we are continuing that legacy by offering these incredible smartphones
to our valued customers."

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus,
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability, please visit: www.mobily.com .sa. For more information
on iPhone, visit: www.apple.com/iphone.-SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/29/147480004310.jpg

Mohamed Al Belwe

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

CSL Mobile to Offer iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus in Hong Kong Beginning Sept. 16

LENGTH: 177  words


Sept. 13 -- CSL Mobile today announced it will offer iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
the best, most advanced iPhones ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera
system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10
Fusion chip which is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering
the best battery life ever in an iPhone.

Customers can pick up their iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday, September
16 at our retail stores.

Mr. Alex Arena, Group Managing Director of HKT, said, "With our unique 375Mbps
4G LTE-A network, our customers will be able to enjoy ultimate mobile broadband
experience when they make use of the advanced features of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus."

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus,
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available. For complete details on
pricing, please visit www.hkcsl.com or www.1010.com.hk. For more information on
iPhone, please visit www.apple.com/iphone.

Source: PCCW

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus official press image gallery is here for your viewing
pleasure

LENGTH: 368  words


Here are the official images of both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and you'll also
be able to look closely at the Jet Black model as well

Mere seconds didn't pass when we provided you with the announcement of iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus, and now you get to witness the official image gallery of both
smartphones. To keep you updated on the sort of upgrades regarding
specifications and features that are present inside both phones, both device
pack the A10 Fusion chipset. This chipset features a total of four cores. Two
cores will handle the most important and intensive applications and operations,
while the remaining two cores will focus on taking care of those less important
operations.

The new and improved 12MP sensor on the iPhone 7 is 60 percent faster and 30
percent more efficient than its predecessor and the iPhone 7 Plus is the only
one from the family to sport a dual 12MP camera. Both cameras have an aperture
of f/1.8, which will allow more light to enter and there are 4 LEDs present in
order to capture brighter and better images.

As expected iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come without the headphone jack, but do
feature Apple's EarPods with the Lightning connector. To make things simpler for
the user, there's even a Lightning-to-headphone jack so you can plug in your
previous earphones and headphones with ease. The best thing about both
smartphones is that they feature 32GB as their base storage models. The model in
the middle comes with 128GB of storage, and the highest capacity model comes
with 256GB of onboard memory, which is very impressive.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

The pricing details of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have been listed below:

iPhone 7  32GB: $649 for unlocked model
128GB: $749 for unlocked model
256GB: $849 for unlocked model
iPhone 7 Plus  32GB: $769 for unlocked model
128GB: $869 for unlocked model
256GB: $969 for unlocked model

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available to purchase in the following
colors:

Gold
Silver
Black
Jet black

Did you enjoy the official gallery of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus?

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/45/147332990143.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/93/147332990316.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Afternoon Voice (India)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus in India from October 7

LENGTH: 696 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 8 -- Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available for iOS
lovers in India beginning October 7 - the last in the list of countries.

Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black),
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models,
starting at Rs 60,000.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple authorised resellers and select carriers, the Cupertino-based
tech giant announced on Wednesday.

Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus begins from September 9 and the shipping
will start from September 16 first in 25 countries and other countries a week
later.

All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with "Lightning
Connector" and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900, respectively.

"Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colours will be available starting at Rs 2,900 and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for Rs 8,900," the company said.

Lightning Docks in several colour-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for Rs 3,700.

iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus),
4.6-inch retina HD display, a new home button, 7 MP HD front camera and 12 MP
rear main camera, no traditional 3.5 mm headphone jack, iOS 10, A10 fusion chip
and and longest battery life to date.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever on an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers and wide colour system from camera to display.

The newly-launched Apple Watch Series 2 will be available in gold, rose gold,
silver or space grey aluminium, or silver or space black stainless steel cases
paired with a wide variety of bands starting at Rs 32,900.

The new ceramic Apple Watch Edition starts at Rs 110,900 from select Apple
authorised resellers and carriers.

Apple Watch Nike+ starts at Rs 32,900.

Apple Watch Series 1 will be available in gold, rose gold, silver or space grey
aluminium cases paired with a Sport Band and starts at Rs 23,900.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for Rs 15,400, beginning in late October in India.

AirPods require Apple devices running iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra.

Earlier, ending round-the-clock rumours that had sent the world of technology
into a tizzy for quite some time now, Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled stunning
devices at the jam-packed Bill Graham Civic Auditorium.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing.

"The completely redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or
night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo
speaker system provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust
resistant iPhone," he told the gathering.

The 12MP camera includes optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus, and a larger AE'/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more
detailed photos and videos.

"iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone 7 and
adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at two
times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos," the company announced.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images.

Sophisticated technology including machine learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits, once possible only with DSLR
cameras, the company said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Afternoon Voice. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 afternoonvoice.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

7 heaven: is the new iPhone a must-buy for your business needs?;
Should business users upgrade to the iPhone 7? Are the benefits to professionals
as pronounced as they might be for punters? Or are you better off sticking with
what you have until next year? In Ireland, the iPhone has become the default
business user's handset. With more enterprise apps and customised corporate
software for it than rivals, Apple's device has become the business phone
favoured by company IT departments nationwide. As such, the decision to upgrade
can be subject to a different set of criteria than for ordinary users. Having
spent a week with both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Adrian Weckler rates the
new models

BYLINE: Adrian Weckler

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEK;NEWS; Pg. 6,7

LENGTH: 2279 words


1. The battery life is better than previous iPhones The battery life on the
iPhone 7 is slightly better (between one to two hours) than the iPhone 6S and
significantly better than the iPhone 5 or the (woefully short) iPhone 4S.

This is largely down to the reduced energy consumption of the phone's new A10
processor.

I used both the iPhone 7 (and the iPhone 7 Plus) fairly constantly throughout
the day for Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, email and Spotify. I also used the
camera reasonably frequently, as well as a couple of photoediting apps to play
with pictures. In that context, I found that the iPhone made it to around 5pm
(from a 7.30am start) before it needed a recharge. For me, that's pretty good -
I'm a heavy user and I find that many phones run out in the early afternoon.

The battery on the iPhone 7 Plus model unquestionably lasted a bit longer, with
one caveat: the big screen on it and the added camera invited me use it more,
especially for photos and videos. So while I technically got more juice out of
it than the smaller iPhone 7, I still didn't make it past teatime due to the
heavier application rotation I threw at it.

It should be said that this isn't the market-leading phone for battery life. Of
the big sellers, that title probably rests with Samsung's Note 7 (yes, the
overheating one that has been recalled).

2. The extra storage memory is great It's hard not to welcome the (long overdue)
bump in storage that the iPhone 7 brings. The basic model now has twice the
storage (32GB) of previous entry-level iPhones. And the other storage levels are
doubled, too, to 128GB and a new top-end storage capacity of 256GB. This will be
a welcome development among those of us who quickly run out of space due to
files, documents and photos clogging up the system.

3. The screen is better, but only a little bit The screen on both the iPhone 7
and the iPhone 7 Plus is bright and vivid, even it's very close to the same
screen you got on the last iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6 before that. The pixel
resolution is actually identical - 401 pixels per inch (ppi) for the iPhone 7
Plus model and 326ppi for the iPhone 7. But it's about 25pc brighter than last
year's iPhones. And Apple has also added a colour-enhancing 'wide colour'
feature first introduced on the iPad Pro and 5K iMac.

In terms of pure pixels, the iPhone 7's screen is a semi-notch down on what
you'll get from one or two other top-end phones which boast ppi figures of 500
and over.

But in reality, the difference is pretty very hard to make out on a 4.7-inch or
5.5-inch screen.

Unless you're an absolute pixel nerd, I can't see any reason why 'only' getting
a HD screen would put one off getting this handset.

4. It looks the same as the iPhone 6 and 6S The new iPhone 7 is almost identical
in design as older iPhone 6 and 6S models, with the exception of the Home button
and the removal of the 3.5mm earphone port. (The iPhone 7 also has a second
camera, which changes the rear of the handset slightly. There are two ways of
looking at this. On one hand, the lack of a totally new design - which might
have made it more ergonomic in the hand - might suggest that those using an
existing iPhone 6S may not miss out on much. This is especially so given that
Apple is reportedly working on a new shape for the iPhone in 2017.

On the other hand, the lack of a new body design means that the iPhone 7 works
pretty well with many (though not all) of your existing accessories, from cases
to stands and wallets. This means that you're getting the big power upgrade in a
shell you're already familiar with.

5. You won't miss the headphone port unless you have specialist accessories This
is one of the biggest changes in the iPhone 7. Apple has ditched the traditional
3.5mm jack headphone port completely. So the earphones you get in the box plug
into the Lightning charging port. And there's a small wireless adaptor in the
box that connects your old headphones to the same Lightning port.

For punters, this may not be a big deal. Many of us now use our own wireless
headphones or whatever comes in the box with the phone. However, it could be an
issue for a niche of business or professional users.

Some may have invested in specialist accessories that use the 3.5mm port for
other purposes. These could range from mobile payment terminals to professional
audiovisual equipment. If this is you, you might want to think carefully about
upgrading.

Bear in mind, however, that this is a permanent change from Apple: the 3.5mm
headphone port is not coming back in any future iPhone. So if you stick with
this brand of phone, you're going to have to ditch the 3.5mm connection
eventually.

6. The changed home button feels odd for a few minutes The new home button is a
'button' in name only: it's actually a fixed solidstate panel that gives the
impression of being pressed without much actual mechanical movement. (So when
the phone is off, nothing happens when you go to press it.) In this 'haptic'
environment, you can choose the virtual 'depth' of the home button's pressing
technique in settings, although there isn't much of a difference between them.

Apple has introduced this change partially to make it more "durable". It
probably helps a lot with the phone's new official water-resistant
qualifications (and boy, does this work - see our video test on
www.independent.ie). It also gels with the general progression of the phone's 3D
Touch screen, which offers already offers haptic-powered virtual pressing on
apps.

At first, it feels a little strange. Whether it's nostalgia or musclememory,
there is something satisfying about pressing down on an actual button. But the
new system is not hard to get used to at all. And the new mechanism hasn't
interfered with my operation of the phone.

7. The iPhone 7 is properly water-resistant This iPhone is really, really
waterresistant Technically, the new iPhone 7 has an officially-recognised IP67
certification, which means that it can remain operational for up to 30 minutes
at a water depth of one metre (covering almost all toilets). This doesn't
actually mean that the phone is "water proof", or even that Apple will replace
your phone if it succumbs to water damage (its terms and conditions rule this
out).

But we can testify as to its credentials in keeping out water and other liquids.
We gave this phone a pretty good 'water' test (see video on www.Independent.ie).
Specifically, we dropped it in a pint of stout. The iPhone 7 came out with
flying colours. Not only was there zero sign of any ill after-effects, but the
phone kept on working perfectly even as it remained sopping wet with the black
stuff. Two days later, it was still operating flawlessly.

Obviously this isn't something anyone would plan to do on a regular basis. But
it's nice to know that if you're out and about, your new iPhone is more than
capable of putting up with splashes or even the occasional fall into some
liquid-filled vessel.

8. There is a serious power upgrade under the hood The iPhone 7's new A10 chip
makes the iPhone 7 as fast as many laptops and PCs. It also positions it at the
top of the current smartphone heap. This is ultimately of note because it's
going to let developers push the boat out more when it comes to more powerful,
more useful apps. And it means that if you're really pushing it with the apps
you currently have, it won't freeze or suddenly crash from being overloaded.

9. iOS 10 performs really well here Anyone with an iPhone under four years old
(from the model 5 up) gets to upgrade to iOS 10. But it shines with the newer
iPhone 7 and iPhone 6S.

There's too much in iOS 10 to fully cover here. But the things I enjoyed most
were the new messaging features and the iPhone 7's 3D Touch for 'quick actions'
and 'peek and pop' moves within apps.

For those who haven't used a 3D Touch screen before, it feels like you're
double-pressing the screen when you apply a little more pressure to it. If you
do so on an app, a little menu pops up inviting you to perform some action
within the app.

For Mail, it's a choice of a new message, a search or to go to the inbox. For
Messages, it's an option to write a new message or go directly to one of the
last three numbers you messaged. (I'm using this one a lot.) And so on.

But iOS 10 piles on more functionality. So within Mail, for example, I can now
add a 'widget' (of frequent or VIP email correspondents, perhaps) onto my quick
action menu. In Messages, if I 3D Touch any of the messages I see, I get a view
of the last couple of messages sent as well as the ability to swipe up for a
list of possible responses.

Speaking of Messages, there's now a bunch of new animated effects you can use,
ranging from emoticons to 'invisible ink' messages which only reveal themselves
when the message is opened.

In Photos, the 3D Touch in the iPhone 7 let me select individual photos (or
videos) for a quick peek without opening them and then a quick menu on what to
do with them.

And while we're Photos, iOS 10 now has a new movie-stitching engine that
automatically pulls together some of your photos and videos to make related
collages. Being a bit fussy about my photos, I didn't really jump into this. But
I can see its appeal in an era where many have thousands of photos on their
phone without any apparent archiving order in place.

10. Finally, the camera is pretty special Whether or not this is regarded as a
business feature, the iPhone 7 Plus camera is insanely good and, on the iPhone 7
Plus, is the biggest driver to upgrade phones. On the 7 Plus, it's actually two
cameras (with two sensors, according to Apple) on one device. There's a
wide-angle 28mm lens and a telephoto 56mm lens.

This allows the phone to 'zoom' from one angle (or view) to the other without
compromising much quality in the photo. Typically, a single-lens phone's 'zoom'
is only the process of artificially stretching the photo to give the impression
of a closer view. It generally results in poorer quality.

On this phone, to switch between the two optical lengths, there's a small
on-screen button that tells you whether you're at '1x' (28mm equivalent) or '2x'
(56mm). You can either toggle or slide between them. You can also extend the
zoom to a 10x setting, although this is mainly a case of digitally stretching
(hence diluting) the image.

I found myself using the 2x zoom (56mm lens) an awful lot. Going back to a
single-lens camera would now feel like a step backwards.

Of critical importance to this is the iPhone 7's optical stabilisation (also now
available on the smaller iPhone 7). We first saw this in the iPhone 6S Plus but
it's worth restating here. When used with video, even a zoomedin, apparently
shaky filming process results in a nice, smooth video result.

You have to see this to believe it: it's a huge advance.

The amount of light that the camera lets in is much improved, too. The 28mm lens
has an f1.8 aperture while the 56mm is at f2.8. From some of the shots I took
this week, these give pretty impressive detail on photos, even in fairly shabby
light.

What all of this really means is no more blurry, shaky photos or videos. This is
going to have a big effect on photos at events where the ones we currently take
are pretty awful.

There's one other feature of the iPhone 7 Plus's camera system that has yet to
arrive (via a software update, we're told). That is its ability to create
DSLR-style depth of field.

This sounds technical but it really does provide a beautiful effect: when you
take a photo of someone, their features are sharp while the background is mildly
blurred. (Photographers also call this 'bokeh'.) When this lands, it's going to
significantly impact the casual portrait shots we take of friends and family.

Lastly, the selfie-camera on the iPhone 7 Plus (and the iPhone 7) has been
upgraded to 7 megapixels. And there's a better selfie-flash system that measures
the light in your background to come up with what it things is the optimal
lighting for your skin tone.

As for DSLR comparisons, they are limited. Neither the iPhone 7 nor the iPhone 7
Plus are, optically, at a DSLR level. Indeed, much of the detail and quality in
the photos coming out of the new camera system are digitally sewn together by
clever processors and engines (performing 100bn operations per photo, according
to Apple).

This is a key difference to DSLRs, which still mostly rely on the optical
quality of the (huge) lenses to provide the real quality. But DSLRs are still
clunky, large and complicated to master. This iPhone 7 Plus is easy to use.

So while an expert handling a DSLR will shoot a (far) more technically
accomplished photo than that from an iPhone, hardly any of us will get to that
level. Neither will we have a DSLR in our pocket, ready to shoot a photo or
video whenever the occasion arises. So the DSLR comparison is a bit of a false
one. The real competition is with other phones. And in that context, the iPhone
7 Plus (in particular) is now ahead.

VERDICT AND PRICING If you buy one of these, you're getting a proper upgrade.
The iPhone 7 may look and feel the same to pick up, but there's a lot more going
under the hood. And in the iPhone 7 Plus's camera, the range has a genuine
killer application. Personally, I'd opt for a Plus is you can afford the
stretch: the extra functionality of the double-camera is just too enticing to
pass up.

As for price and availability, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are currently
available to pre-order and go on general sale tomorrow.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 costs from (EURO)779 for the 32GB model. The 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 Plus costs from (EURO)919 for the 32GB model. Irish mobile operators
have 24-month contract subsidy deals ranging from (EURO)99 upwards.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 8, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus release date and What will it cost in India?

LENGTH: 661  words


Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available for iOS lovers in India
beginning October 7 - the last in the list of countries.

Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black),
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models,
starting at Rs 60,000.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple authorised resellers and select carriers, the Cupertino-based
tech giant announced on Wednesday.

Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus begins from September 9 and the shipping
will start from September 16 first in 25 countries and other countries a week
later.

All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with "Lightning
Connector" and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900, respectively.

"Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colours will be available starting at Rs 2,900 and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for Rs 8,900," the company said.

Lightning Docks in several colour-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for Rs 3,700.

iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus),
4.6-inch retina HD display, a new home button, 7 MP HD front camera and 12 MP
rear main camera, no traditional 3.5 mm headphone jack, iOS 10, A10 fusion chip
and and longest battery life to date.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever on an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers and wide colour system from camera to display.

The newly-launched Apple Watch Series 2 will be available in gold, rose gold,
silver or space grey aluminium, or silver or space black stainless steel cases
paired with a wide variety of bands starting at Rs 32,900.

The new ceramic Apple Watch Edition starts at Rs 110,900 from select Apple
authorised resellers and carriers.

Apple Watch Nike+ starts at Rs 32,900.

Apple Watch Series 1 will be available in gold, rose gold, silver or space grey
aluminium cases paired with a Sport Band and starts at Rs 23,900.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for Rs 15,400, beginning in late October in India.

AirPods require Apple devices running iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra.

Earlier, ending round-the-clock rumours that had sent the world of technology
into a tizzy for quite some time now, Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled stunning
devices at the jam-packed Bill Graham Civic Auditorium here.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing.

"The completely redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or
night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo
speaker system provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust
resistant iPhone," he told the gathering.

The 12MP camera includes optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus, and a larger AE'/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more
detailed photos and videos.

"iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone 7 and
adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at two
times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos," the company announced.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images.

Sophisticated technology including machine learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits, once possible only with DSLR
cameras, the company said.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

iPhone 7 goes on sale in the UK - but where are all the queues?

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired: "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: " If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times: "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica: "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal: "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME: "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes: Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge: "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization means
that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone 6S, the
iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7 leaks: Here's what we know till date

BYLINE: Akash Sinha

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 744 words


Apple iPhone 7 pictures have been leaked to fans across the world. This has led
to rumours about the highly sought after product's look, specifications and
features.

However, to get the exact details, we have to wait till September 7, which is
the date Apple has scheduled for the launch of this smartphone. This Cupertino,
California based company has sent out invitations with a tagline 'See you on the
7th'. The fans will meet at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco at
10 AM local time.

We bring you a compilation of all we could find out till now.

What is in the name

There are two opinions about the name of Apple's latest smartphone. The first
group says that it will be Apple iPhone 7 while the other group strongly
believes that it would be called nothing but Apple iPhone 6SE.

Size matters!

The Apple iPhone 7 is expected in two variants. One of them would have a
4.7-inch display and just be called the iPhone 7, while another would be a
5.5-inch display and is likely to be named the iPhone 7 Plus. As per reports,
the rumoured phone with the 6-inch display may not see light of day.

'Jack' of all trades

In what appears to be a complete shift from its previous design, Apple is set to
remove its 3.5 mm headphone jack from this offering. Design experts claim that
Apple may save up to 1mm of thickness by removing the jack. The leaked pictures
have shown only one rectangular jack placed between the speakers at the bottom
of the phone. As per claims, Apple will replace the jack with a Lightning port.
Therefore, the big deal is that, either Apple iPhone 7 will have a common port
for both charging and headphone or Apple will launch iPhone 7 with an adapter.
So, if you like to listen to music or talk using the headphone, you will have a
new companion with your new iPhone - the adapter.

The leaked pictures have shown only one rectangular jack placed between the
speakers at the bottom of the phone.

'Screen' it

It's disappointing. Apple iPhone 7 is not coming out with an OLED screen and it
will stick with the old LCD screen until next year, when it will celebrate the
10th anniversary of the launch of the iPhone. Although, some reports suggest
that Apple is in talks with Samsung for the OLED panel, yet there is no official
confirmation on this.

Paint it more

Moving beyond the traditional colours, Apple iPhone 7 will come with more
variants. As per the leaked images, apart from the existing colours, Apple has
added 'Metallic Blue', 'Space Black' and 'Nextgen Silver' colours to its latest
portfolio.

'Space' it all

There is no clarity on the memory of the iPhone 7. Leaked reports have left us
with no choice as different reports claim that iPhone 7 will come with 32 GB
memory as its base option and will also be available in 64 GB, 128 GB and 256
GB. Too many options? Wait for Sept 7th for confirmation.

'Home' is where...?

As per rumours, Apple has done away with its iconic home button. Another rumour
is that it is not ditching the home button but it is revamping it. No one knows
which of these versions is true. However, pictures suggest that the former may
be true. Leaked images of the iPhone 7 have no home button. The iPhone 7 will
use pressure-sensitive technology from Macbook computers to replace the home
button, claimed Bloomberg Technology.

'Click' it more

The leaked images of the iPhone 7's cases and the body have revealed that the
Apple iPhone 7 will feature a dual-lens camera that will provide a 'DSLR'
quality image. But some pictures also suggested that the phone will come with
the single but enhanced lens, which will be larger than its previous models. The
camera may be packing 21 megapixels.

Apple has sent out invitation with a tagline 'See you on the 7th'. (Image:
Twitter)

What else?

The Apple iPhone 7 will feature iOS 10 supported with a more powerful processor.
Reports claim that it will be a 16nm Apple A10 processor and the RAM will range
between 2 GB and 3 GB depending on the model.

Some reports claim that the iPhone 7 will have bigger batteries than its
predecessors. It may be that the iPhone 7 will come with 1,960 mAh battery and
2GB RAM while iPhone 7 Plus will feature 2,910 mAh battery and 3GB RAM. Some
reports also claim the phone to be water proof and that it may not feature a
metal body but may be made with some other material instead.

'Pocket' crunch

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are expected to be priced between Rs 60,000 to Rs
80,000 depending on variants.?

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7 leaks: Here's what we know till date

BYLINE: Akash Sinha

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 744 words


Apple iPhone 7 pictures have been leaked to fans across the world. This has led
to rumours about the highly sought after product's look, specifications and
features.

However, to get the exact details, we have to wait till September 7, which is
the date Apple has scheduled for the launch of this smartphone. This Cupertino,
California based company has sent out invitations with a tagline 'See you on the
7th'. The fans will meet at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco at
10 AM local time.

We bring you a compilation of all we could find out till now.

What is in the name

There are two opinions about the name of Apple's latest smartphone. The first
group says that it will be Apple iPhone 7 while the other group strongly
believes that it would be called nothing but Apple iPhone 6SE.

Size matters!

The Apple iPhone 7 is expected in two variants. One of them would have a
4.7-inch display and just be called the iPhone 7, while another would be a
5.5-inch display and is likely to be named the iPhone 7 Plus. As per reports,
the rumoured phone with the 6-inch display may not see light of day.

'Jack' of all trades

In what appears to be a complete shift from its previous design, Apple is set to
remove its 3.5 mm headphone jack from this offering. Design experts claim that
Apple may save up to 1mm of thickness by removing the jack. The leaked pictures
have shown only one rectangular jack placed between the speakers at the bottom
of the phone. As per claims, Apple will replace the jack with a Lightning port.
Therefore, the big deal is that, either Apple iPhone 7 will have a common port
for both charging and headphone or Apple will launch iPhone 7 with an adapter.
So, if you like to listen to music or talk using the headphone, you will have a
new companion with your new iPhone - the adapter.

The leaked pictures have shown only one rectangular jack placed between the
speakers at the bottom of the phone.

'Screen' it

It's disappointing. Apple iPhone 7 is not coming out with an OLED screen and it
will stick with the old LCD screen until next year, when it will celebrate the
10th anniversary of the launch of the iPhone. Although, some reports suggest
that Apple is in talks with Samsung for the OLED panel, yet there is no official
confirmation on this.

Paint it more

Moving beyond the traditional colours, Apple iPhone 7 will come with more
variants. As per the leaked images, apart from the existing colours, Apple has
added 'Metallic Blue', 'Space Black' and 'Nextgen Silver' colours to its latest
portfolio.

'Space' it all

There is no clarity on the memory of the iPhone 7. Leaked reports have left us
with no choice as different reports claim that iPhone 7 will come with 32 GB
memory as its base option and will also be available in 64 GB, 128 GB and 256
GB. Too many options? Wait for Sept 7th for confirmation.

'Home' is where...?

As per rumours, Apple has done away with its iconic home button. Another rumour
is that it is not ditching the home button but it is revamping it. No one knows
which of these versions is true. However, pictures suggest that the former may
be true. Leaked images of the iPhone 7 have no home button. The iPhone 7 will
use pressure-sensitive technology from Macbook computers to replace the home
button, claimed Bloomberg Technology.

'Click' it more

The leaked images of the iPhone 7's cases and the body have revealed that the
Apple iPhone 7 will feature a dual-lens camera that will provide a 'DSLR'
quality image. But some pictures also suggested that the phone will come with
the single but enhanced lens, which will be larger than its previous models. The
camera may be packing 21 megapixels.

Apple has sent out invitation with a tagline 'See you on the 7th'. (Image:
Twitter)

What else?

The Apple iPhone 7 will feature iOS 10 supported with a more powerful processor.
Reports claim that it will be a 16nm Apple A10 processor and the RAM will range
between 2 GB and 3 GB depending on the model.

Some reports claim that the iPhone 7 will have bigger batteries than its
predecessors. It may be that the iPhone 7 will come with 1,960 mAh battery and
2GB RAM while iPhone 7 Plus will feature 2,910 mAh battery and 3GB RAM. Some
reports also claim the phone to be water proof and that it may not feature a
metal body but may be made with some other material instead.

'Pocket' crunch

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are expected to be priced between Rs 60,000 to Rs
80,000 depending on variants.?

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Comparison: Apple iPhone 7 vs Samsung S7

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 237 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has announced its latest smartphones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. The smartphones will take on Samsung's current flagship devices Galaxy S7
and the recently-launched phablet Galaxy Note 7.While we have already compared
the big-screen iPhone 7 Plus with its closest competitors, including Galaxy Note
7 , here's a spec-to-spec comparison of iPhone 7 with its big rival Samsung
Galaxy S7.DisplayApple iPhone 7: 4.6-inch (750 x 1334 pixels)Samsung Galaxy S7:
5.1-inch (2560x1440 pixels) QHDOperating systemApple iPhone 7: iOS 10Samsung
Galaxy S7: Android 6.0 MarshmallowProcessorApple iPhone 7: Apple A10 chip
(64-bit)Samsung Galaxy S7: 2.15GHz + 1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor (or Exynos, depending on region)RAMApple iPhone 7: 2GBSamsung Galaxy
S7: 4GBStorageApple iPhone 7: 32GB/ 128GB/ 256GBSamsung Galaxy S7: 32GB/64GBRear
cameraApple iPhone 7: 12MP with LED flash Samsung Galaxy S7: 12MP with LED flash
Front cameraApple iPhone 7: 7MPSamsung Galaxy S7: 5MPSpecial featuresApple
iPhone 7: IP76, fingerprint sensorSamsung Galaxy S7: water-resistant, wireless
charging, fingerprint sensor, heart rate sensorBatteryApple iPhone 7: Not
Available (However, Apple CEO, Tim Cook has claimed that it offers longest
battery life ever)Samsung Galaxy S7: 3,000mAh (non-removable)Price Apple iPhone
7: Price to start at Rs 60,000Samsung Galaxy S7: Rs 59,990


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone7, iPhone7 Plus to hit Indian stores today -All you need to know

LENGTH: 313  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 7 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Apple enthusiasts in India will be able to get their hands on the latest iPhone
7 and iPhone Plus from Friday onwards.


 The Cupertino-based company launched two smartphones - iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus - at an event in San Francisco last month.
 Customers in countries like the US, Australia, the UK and China have already
got their the handsets beginning September 16.
 Launch time
 Apple is not going to follow the midnight sale pattern as is being practiced by
many smartphone companies. Apple will sell the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in
India starting 7 pm today.
 Variants
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new Jet Black colour
variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants.
 Pricing
 iPhone will be available at the starting price of Rs 60,000. Here are some
price details:
 Apple iPhone 7
 32GB variant: Rs 60,000
 128GB variant: Rs 70,000
 256GB variant: Rs 80,000.
 iPhone 7 Plus
 32GB variant: Rs 72,000
 128GB variant: Rs 82,000
 256GB variant: Rs 92,000
 Key Features
 iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a
5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a
new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 per cent faster
than the previous generation.
 The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording.
The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras - one wide-angle and a telephoto
lens.
 Both iPhones have a similar 7MP Facetime camera, which is bumped up from 5MP on
the iPhone 6S. The handsets come with IP67 rating signifying the fact that it is
water and dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone.
 The models also have a new home button which is now touch sensitive and uses a
new Taptic engine for better response.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Ooredoo holds special event for iPhone 7 launch in Qatar

LENGTH: 241  words


At the launch event, Ooredoo delivered the new iPhone for every customer who had
pre-ordered.


Ooredoo has held a special event in Doha to mark the launch of the iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus in Qatar.


The event, held in Al-Majlis Hall at Sheraton Doha Resort & Convention Hotel,
began at midnight on Friday and continued until 4am yesterday.
At the event, Ooredoo "was able to deliver the cutting-edge iPhone for every
customer who had pre-ordered, living up to its reputation for reliability and
advanced technology," the company said in a press statement yesterday.
Customers can now purchase the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus both in retail shops
and online at www.ooredoo.qa
The "best and most advanced iPhone ever" features an all-new advanced camera
system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10
Fusion chip, which is the "most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering
the best battery life ever in an iPhone", the statement noted.
The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus come in Jet Black, Black, Silver, Gold and Rose Gold,
and customers can choose between a 32GB, 128GB or 256GB model. Prices start at
QR2,799 for the iPhone 7 and QR3,199 for the iPhone 7 Plus.
The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the "biggest release ever
of the world's most advanced mobile operating system". iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/60/183/37/147480228374.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2016 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Celcom Axiata upbeat on sales of new iPhone models

BYLINE: Farah Adilla

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 314 words


CELCOM Axiata Bhd is confident the sale of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will
outperform the sale of the last models, considering their advanced and
sophisticated features and the company's attractive packages.

Its chief marketing officer Zalman Aefendy Abidin said Celcom had recorded
pre-orders of 1,000 units for the smartphones prior to the launch yesterday.

"The iPhone 7 is a great smartphone and it is certainly an upgrade from the
previous models.

"What we want to make sure is for you to have a great network behind it because
if you do not have great coverage, there is no use of having such an advanced
phone," he said after the launch yesterday.

At the announcement yesterday, the first seven customers queueing up at the Blue
Cube@Sunway Pyramid, as early as 6am, get to buy their iPhone 7 for RM7.

In conjunction with the launch, Celcom Axiata also hosted a game of "spin the
wheel" where customers can try their luck at winning the iPhone 7 for only RM7,
RM77 or RM777, as well as, accessories.

"We are ecstatic to bring customers the trendy and sophisticated iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus through our FIRST plans.

"Our exclusive promotions and robust 4G LTE network will ensure quality
experience for all iPhone customers," said Celcom Axiata business operations
deputy chief executive officer Azwan Khan Osman Khan.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus feature an all new advanced camera system, dust- and
water-resistant design, stereo speaker system and A10 Fusion chip, which is the
most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever
in an iPhone.

For the Celcom First iPhone 7 plan, the 12GB Internet package will be RM98 while
the iPhone 7 will be priced from RM2,058 and iPhone 7 Plus from RM2,558.

For the Celcom First Platinum plan, the 18GB Internet package will be RM150
while the iPhone 7 will be priced from RM1,688 and iPhone 7 Plus from RM2,188.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:26 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2627 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:26 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2627 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Airtel's data offer for iPhone 7, 7 Plus in India

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Oct. 17 -- Bharti Airtel, India's largest telecommunications services
provider, will offer iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in the country.


 The company is also offering iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users 10 GB free 4G or
3G data per month for one year with any of its Infinity postpaid plans. The free
data benefit will be over and above the plan benefits.
 Over the duration of one year, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users on Airtel
Infinity plans will get additional 120 GB 4G or 3G data, the company said in a
statement.
 "We are delighted to roll out this exciting data offer for our users to allow
them to get the most out of the amazing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus," said Ajai
Puri, Director Operations (India & South Asia), Bharti Airtel. "Customers can
now enjoy the latest iPhone on India's leading mobile broadband network with
bundles of data and unlimited voice calling with our Infinity plans."
 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are the most advanced iPhones, featuring an all-new
advanced camera system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system
and the A10 Fusion chip which is the most powerful chip on any smartphone.
 Customers can order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available
in retail shops and online at http://www.airtel.in.
 Airtel Infinity postpaid plans offer unlimited voice calling - local, STD, and
on national roaming - along with bundled 4G or 3G data, SMS and free
subscription to Wynk Music and Wynk Movies.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus to launch on September 7?

LENGTH: 147  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Aug. 16 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Rumor mills are abuzz on the possible launch date of Apple's iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus.


 As per media reports, it seems confirmed that Apple's new iPhone launch event
will be held on September 7 and not September 9, as speculated earlier.
 MUST READ
 Apple iPhone 7 shape, size, storage and all you would like to know
 It is being speculated that the Apple's tradition of launching the iPhone on a
Wednesday may remain consistent, with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch
happening on September 7 (Wednesday). In 2015, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
were also unveiled on September 9, a Wednesday.
 MUST READ
 Wow! Apple iPhone 7 base variant to start at 32 GB
 It has also been speculated that iPhone's latest versions may be released in
the week of September 12, and other reports that Apple may launch iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus on September 16.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

iPhone 7 goes on sale amid void of Note 7

LENGTH: 571 words


Sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began in South Korea on Friday, amid
high expectations that the US tech giant could reap added success here in the
absence of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7. ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Apple officially launched its latest iPhone series through
Korea's three major mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus as well as local
Apple retailer Frisbee, with sales starting from 8 a.m. on Friday.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Korea has long been a tough market for Apple, as Samsung has
maintained its undisputed leadership in the local smartphone business with a
market share of approximately 70 percent.

But now, expectations are high that Apple could score new purchases from Korean
customers who may be willing to try out the new iPhone as Samsung has pulled its
new smartphone from the market due to battery safety issues.

Customers line up to purchase Apple's iPhone 7 at a Frisbee store in
Myeong-dong, central Seoul, Friday. (Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus are
available in five colors -- rose gold, silver, gold, black and the all-popular
jet black edition. Both run on the iOS 10 operating system.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Unlike previous models, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus do not
have earphone sockets and are instead accompanied by wireless earphones -- a
design change made by Apple to make the new devices waterproof.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The iPhone 7 is priced at 869,000 won ($767) while the iPhone 7
Plus costs 1.02 million won for the 32GB model. Prices are higher for the 128GB
and 256GB models.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Korea's three mobile carriers have begun a fierce competition
to attract more iPhone 7 customers to their own retailers, introducing varying
subsidies and discount promotions.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]In terms of immediate savings, customers can choose to receive
either an upfront subsidy -- which varies by carrier -- or a unilateral 20
percent discount on the monthly payment plan of their choice.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The three firms have also introduce their own warranty programs
for new iPhone customers.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]SKT introduced the "T iPhone Club" on Friday, which offers
repair and loss warranties for iPhone 7 devices starting from 4,900 per month.
Club members can also receive discount benefits when changing to a new iPhone
device after 12 months.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]KT and LG Uplus also launched similar programs which offer
discount benefits to customers who want to upgrade to a new iPhone device after
12 months at 2,300 won per month.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Even with the Galaxy Note 7 out of the way, Apple's iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus are geared to compete against LG Electronics' newly-launched
V20 and even older smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy S7, according to industry
insiders.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]"While some Galaxy Note 7 owners looking for alternative
devices may choose to purchase the new iPhone 7, others may choose the LG V20 or
even older smartphones made by Samsung because they're used to Android-based
devices," said one owner of a local cell phone retailer in southern Seoul.

Customers looking for an upgraded Android handset are likely to lean toward the
5.7-inch LG V20, which boasts high-end audio and camera features.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]They could also wait for the local launch of Google's 5-inch
Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL smartphones which have begun sales abroad. Google
has yet to announce an official launch date for Korea.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

At the same time, some customers who are reluctant to choose new brands other
than Samsung may choose wait for next year's release of the Galaxy S8.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]By Sohn Ji-young (

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 10:18 PM EST

Buying an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus may be impossible today

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 313  words


Click for image

The iPhone 7 is already off to a booming start. Shortly after pre-orders began,
Apple's carrier partners were blown away by unprecedented demand.

Most notably, T-Mobile said pre-orders were up 400 percent relative to the
iPhone 6. Just yesterday, T-Mobile CEO John Legere added that the iPhone 7 is
now the most pre-ordered device in T-Mobile history. On top of that, Sprint
relayed that iPhone 7 pre-orders this year are up an astonishing 375 percent
compared to last year.

Suffice it to say, the iPhone 7 may very well set a new weekend sales record,
though as we covered earlier, Apple won't be releasing specific sales figures
this year.

Speaking to the popularity of the iPhone 7, most prospective buyers hoping to
walk into an Apple retail store and pick up the iPhone 7 model of their choice
may be in for a rude awakening. According to a statement from Apple, all
in-store stock of the iPhone 7 Plus and the Jet Black iPhone 7 are already sold
out.

In a statement provided to Recode, Apple said:

We couldn't be happier with the initial response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores and
partners around the world.

Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the
online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and
iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers.
Availability at partner locations for all finishes may vary, and we recommend
checking directly with them.

Customers can continue to order all models in all colors on apple.com. We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible.

Talk about a good problem to have.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     August 10, 2016 Wednesday 4:50 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price leaked images, and all the latest news about
Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to announce details of the iPhone 7 next month - but some
internet fans can't wait that long

BYLINE: By Simon Binns

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 735 words


Apple fans are on standby as details of the new iPhone are set to be released
today.

Many can't wait that long though, and the internet has been creaking with
rumours of what the next incarnation - the iPhone 7 - will look like and new
features that might be included.

Industry commentators and Apple fan forums have been full of chatter - fuelled
by what many think are leaked images of the new smartphone.

So what can you expect from the new iPhone 7 and what are people predicting for
one of the biggest product launches of 2016?

And when will it be released?

We've searched the internet to bring you the lowdown on the new iPhone 7 before
it gets an official launch.

The home button. Is it staying or going?

According to Bloomberg Technology , the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click," it
claims..

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Some internet leaks have speculated on September 16 2016 - although no solid
evidence exists. Others suggest September 6, the daty after the end of Apple's
"back to school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

Rumours suggest Apple is planning to upgrade its base model from 16GB to 32GB,
keeping the iPhone 6 options of 64GB or 128GB storage.

If true, it's likely Apple will stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE".

Apple fans will be familiar with rumours suggesting the next iPhone will have a
larger camera lens and a USB Type C connection at the bottom that will double up
as the new headphone slot.

But in terms of size and design, the iPhone 7 is expected to be very similar to
the existing iPhone 6s .

This video - by Unbox Therapy - may also hold clues to the new iPhone 7 design,
claiming to have a mock up from the Chinese manufacturer. Features include a
dual lens camera, twin speakers and a Smart Connector.

And it comes in metallic blue...

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     August 10, 2016 Wednesday 4:50 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price leaked images, and all the latest news about
Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to announce details of the iPhone 7 next month - but some
internet fans can't wait that long

BYLINE: By Simon Binns

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 736 words


Apple fans are on standby as details of the new iPhone are set to be released
next month.

Many can't wait that long though, and the internet has been creaking with
rumours of what the next incarnation - the iPhone 7 - will look like and new
features that might be included.

Industry commentators and Apple fan forums have been full of chatter - fuelled
by what many think are leaked images of the new smartphone.

So what can you expect from the new iPhone 7 and what are people predicting for
one of the biggest product launches of 2016?

And when will it be released?

We've searched the internet to bring you the lowdown on the new iPhone 7 before
it gets an official launch.

The home button. Is it staying or going?

According to Bloomberg Technology , the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click," it
claims..

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Some internet leaks have speculated on September 16 2016 - although no solid
evidence exists. Others suggest September 6, the daty after the end of Apple's
"back to school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

Rumours suggest Apple is planning to upgrade its base model from 16GB to 32GB,
keeping the iPhone 6 options of 64GB or 128GB storage.

If true, it's likely Apple will stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE".

Apple fans will be familiar with rumours suggesting the next iPhone will have a
larger camera lens and a USB Type C connection at the bottom that will double up
as the new headphone slot.

But in terms of size and design, the iPhone 7 is expected to be very similar to
the existing iPhone 6s .

This video - by Unbox Therapy - may also hold clues to the new iPhone 7 design,
claiming to have a mock up from the Chinese manufacturer. Features include a
dual lens camera, twin speakers and a Smart Connector.

And it comes in metallic blue...

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Cord-cutter: What the iPhone 7 looks like, and when you can get it

LENGTH: 591  words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

The features of the iPhone 7 split the technology industry, impressing some, but
leaving others feeling underwhelmed.

Geoff Blaber from analyst firm CCS Insight said that Apple had arguably exceeded
expectations with the 7 and 7 Plus.

"In the context of a smartphone market that is firmly in an innovation drought,
there's a strong argument that the iPhone 7 is more than an iterative update,"
he said.

"Upgrades are all important to Apple and for consumers coming from an iPhone 5s
or iPhone 6, the iPhone 7 will feel like a considerable step up."

However, smartphones expert Ernest Doku from comparison site uSwitch said the
iPhone 7 would fail to grab the attention of many.

"Despite being touted as a credible numbered sequel, it was difficult to escape
the feeling that the iPhone 7 is very much an iterative device rather than the
step change needed to allay concerns of falling fortunes," he said.

"Having said that, the device nailed the key features consumers look for in a
flagship smartphone, from an improved display and increased resilience to water
and dust, to an improved camera and better battery life.

"Only time will tell if this is the model to help Apple to break away from
Samsung, who is aggressively biting at their heels with a strong line-up in the
Galaxy S7 and Edge."

The controversial decision to remove the headphone jack from the two iPhones
could also prove pivotal to the iPhone 7, it was claimed.

"The removal of the headphone jack will be the spark for widespread innovation
in accessories and a meaningful revenue opportunity for Apple," Mr Blaber said,
also praising the news that the 7 is water and dust resistant for the first
time.

"Twelve months from now, the removal of the headphone jack will be viewed as an
Apple masterstroke," he added.

"iPhones have had a poor reputation when it comes to accidental drops and water
damage.

"The IP67 rating on the iPhone 7 will be welcome news for careless owners and
will doubtless hurt some of the numerous repair shops that have appeared on
every high street."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                      September 4, 2016 Sunday 1:39 PM GMT

Will Apple's iPhone 7 be waterproof? All the latest rumours about the new
smartphone;
Features of new phone could include Lightning EarPods and two 12-megapixel
lenses

BYLINE: By Lorna Hughes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 868 words


It's back to school week - and for Merseyside Apple fans, that means new iPhone
week , with the technology giant widely expected to unveil its next flagship
smartphone on Wednesday.

The internet is rife with rumours and predictions from industry analysts and
tech media experts, along with several supposed leaked images.

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

Here's a round-up of the latest rumours and predictions:

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

iPhone 7 - Release date, rumours, leaked images and all the news on Apple's next
iPhone

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

It is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on
Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

But its latest features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top
portion of Apple's logo - which some are think could be a hint about new
coloured handsets.

There have been rumours about a deep metallic blue, while others predict the
iPhone will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and
"piano black".

OnePlus 3 smartphone release date, price and everything you need to know

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

The next iPhone is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s, but
rumours point to a number of key changes.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will probably come in two sizes - one
with a 4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as
the iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There are persistent rumours that anyone who buys the next iPhone will need to
use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, a Chinese website reported that the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not
be included.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

This one has also been doing the rounds a lot online - will Apple's next iPhone
could be completely waterproof?

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Another rumours suggests the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre
for up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple
Watch.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 7:29 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2604 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 7:29 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2604 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 595 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired: "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: " If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times: "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica: "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal: "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME: "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes: Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge: "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization means
that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone 6S, the
iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Starting Rs 60,000, Apple iPhone 7 in India from October 7

LENGTH: 698 words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Sept. 8 -- Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available for
iOS lovers in India beginning October 7 - the last in the list of countries.

Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black),
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models,
starting at Rs 60,000.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple authorised resellers and select carriers, the Cupertino-based
tech giant announced on Wednesday.

Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus begins from September 9 and the shipping
will start from September 16 first in 25 countries and other countries a week
later.

All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with "Lightning
Connector" and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900, respectively.

"Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colours will be available starting at Rs 2,900 and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for Rs 8,900," the company said.

Lightning Docks in several colour-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for Rs 3,700.

iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus),
4.6-inch retina HD display, a new home button, 7 MP HD front camera and 12 MP
rear main camera, no traditional 3.5 mm headphone jack, iOS 10, A10 fusion chip
and and longest battery life to date.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever on an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers and wide colour system from camera to display.

The newly-launched Apple Watch Series 2 will be available in gold, rose gold,
silver or space grey aluminium, or silver or space black stainless steel cases
paired with a wide variety of bands starting at Rs 32,900.

The new ceramic Apple Watch Edition starts at Rs 110,900 from select Apple
authorised resellers and carriers.

Apple Watch Nike+ starts at Rs 32,900.

Apple Watch Series 1 will be available in gold, rose gold, silver or space grey
aluminium cases paired with a Sport Band and starts at Rs 23,900.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for Rs 15,400, beginning in late October in India.

AirPods require Apple devices running iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra.

Earlier, ending round-the-clock rumours that had sent the world of technology
into a tizzy for quite some time now, Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled stunning
devices at the jam-packed Bill Graham Civic Auditorium here.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing.

"The completely redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or
night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo
speaker system provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust
resistant iPhone," he told the gathering.

The 12MP camera includes optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus, and a larger AE'/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more
detailed photos and videos.

"iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone 7 and
adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at two
times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos," the company announced.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images.

Sophisticated technology including machine learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits, once possible only with DSLR
cameras, the company said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone7, iPhone7 Plus launched: Know the key features

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- Zee Media Bureau
 San Francisco: Apple has unveiled two upgraded versions of its iconic iPhone -
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus along with next-generation 'Apple Watch Series 2' in
a move aimed at capturing more consumers in an increasingly saturated global
smartphone market.


 MUST READ
 Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus; price starts $649
 Through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, customers in the US, and for the first
time in the UK and China, will also be able to get an unlocked iPhone 7 or
iPhone 7 Plus.
 Check out the key features of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
 1. Water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus), a
pressure-sensitive home button, 7 MP HD front camera and 12 MP rear main camera.

 2. The phone will come in four colours: Jet Black, gold, silver and rose gold.
 3. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models
starting at USD 649.
 4. Optical image stabilisation in all new iPhones, allowing for up to 3x longer
exposure.
 5. Apple's twin lens setup is wide angle and telephoto in the iPhone 7 Plus.
 6. For actual, optical zoom, one lens handles 1x zoom; the other handles 2x,
the report added. iPhone 7 Plus now has 10x zoom.
 7. The camera app is getting a "portrait" mode that'll use the dual-lenses and
depth mapping to simulate the DSLR visual quality.
 8. The device also has a quad-LED flash with 50 percent light output, and can
detect/compensate for the imperceptible flickering of energy efficient lights.
 9. One new feature - which may upset some consumers - is the removal of the
headphone jack, requiring audio to be delivered via Apple's proprietary
"lightning" connector or by wireless.
 10. Apple will also include an adaptor to allow consumers to use existing
headphones with the iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple unveils iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus

LENGTH: 339 words


Features

archive

By Barry Eitel

SAN FRANCISCO

Apple chief executive Tim Cook debuted the new iPhone 7 on Wednesday, explaining
that the latest smartphone is water resistant, includes two cameras that work as
one and features no headphone jack.

The lack of a headphone input is probably the largest change from the current
version of the famed phone, the iPhone 6S. Every iPod, iPhone and iPad has
included a headphone jack, but now Apple is throwing its support behind wireless
headphones.

Phil Schiller, the company's senior vice president of worldwide marketing said
the company had the "courage to move on" in removing the jack. New earbuds can
plug into the input also used to charge the iPhone 7, and an adapter for older
headphones and earbuds will be included with each new iPhone. Apple believes the
future of music is bending toward wireless headphones, though, and the company
debuted a new pair of cordless earbuds called AirPods.

"It is the best iPhone we have ever created," Cook said at the keynote, echoing
similar statements he has made about other iPhones in the past at the annual
event.

In terms of design, the iPhone 7 and the larger iPhone 7 Plus are very similar
to the iPhone 6S, featuring a slim body and rounded edges. However, Apple's
iconic "home button" at the bottom of the iPhone 7 has been redesigned to be
more sensitive to pressure, similar to the trackpads used in Apple's MacBook
laptops. The device is also available in a new "jet black" color that is darker
than previous iterations.

The iPhone 7 also includes a faster processor and a better camera than older
models. The phone's two cameras can function as complementary focal lengths, one
wide-angle and the other telephoto, and can work in concert for better-rendered
out-of-focus areas.

The new iPhones officially launch in 28 countries Sept. 16, and the iPhone 7
starts at $649. Notably, the base version is 32 gigabytes, not 16GB of most
other iPhone releases.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/148/400/63/147328646421.jpg

Apple unveils iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2016 Andolu Ajansi
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7 arrives in Korea in absence of Samsung Galaxy Note 7

LENGTH: 565 words


[THE INVESTOR] Sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began in South Korea
on Friday, amid high expectations that the US tech giant might reap more success
here in the absence of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7. ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Apple officially launched its latest iPhone series through Korea's three major
mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus as well as local Apple retailer
Frisbee, with sales starting from 8 a.m. on Friday.

Preorder customers of Apple's iPhone 7 wait in line outside a retail shop in
Seoul on Oct. 21. Yoon Byung-chan/The Investor

Korea has long been a tough market for Apple, as Samsung has maintained its
undisputed leadership in the local smartphone business with a market share of
approximately 70 percent.

But now, expectations are high that Apple could score new purchases from Korean
customers who may be willing to try out the new iPhone as Samsung has pulled its
new smartphone from the market due to battery safety issues.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus are available in five
colors -- rose gold, silver, gold, black and the all-popular jet black edition.
Both run on the iOS 10 operating system.

Unlike previous models, the iPhone 7 series does not have earphone sockets and
are instead accompanied by wireless earphones -- a design change made by Apple
to make the new devices waterproof.

The iPhone 7 is priced at 869,000 won ($767) while the iPhone 7 Plus costs 1.02
million won for the 32GB model. Prices are higher for the 128GB and 256GB
models.

Korea's three mobile carriers have begun a fierce competition to attract more
iPhone 7 customers to their own retailers, introducing various subsidies and
discount promotions.

In terms of immediate savings, customers can choose to receive either an upfront
subsidy -- which varies by carrier -- or a unilateral 20 percent discount on the
monthly payment plan of their choice.

The three firms have also introduced their own warranty programs for new iPhone
customers.

SKT introduced the "T iPhone Club" on Friday, which offers repair and loss
warranties for iPhone 7 devices starting from 4,900 won per month. Club members
can also receive discount benefits when changing to a new iPhone device after 12
months.

KT and LG Uplus also launched similar programs which offer discount benefits to
customers who want to upgrade to a new iPhone device after 12 months at 2,300
won per month.

Even with the Galaxy Note 7 out of the way, Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
are set to compete against LG Electronics' newly launched V20 and even older
smartphones such as the Samsung Galaxy S7, according to industry insiders.

"While some Galaxy Note 7 owners looking for alternative devices may choose to
purchase the new iPhone 7, others may choose the LG V20 or even older Samsung
smartphones because they're used to Android-based devices," said one owner of a
local cell phone retailer in southern Seoul.

Customers looking for an upgraded Android handset are likely to lean toward the
5.7-inch LG V20, which boasts high-end audio and camera features.

They could also wait for the local launch of Google's 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch
Pixel XL smartphones which have begun sales abroad. Google has yet to announce
an official launch date for Korea.

Meanwhile, some customers who are reluctant to choose brands other than Samsung
may wait for next year's release of the Galaxy S8.

By Sohn Ji-young/The Korea Herald (

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 to be launched in Pakistan in Nov

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 200

LENGTH: 458  words


Apple's much awaited popular phone models iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, launched
last week in the world's major markets, would officially appear in Pakistan in
the first week of November, a market source told The News.

An authorised dealer of Apple in Karachi, who did not want to be named, told The
News that the much awaited mobile phone would be launched in the Pakistani
market in November.

He could not provide the answer why iPhone 7 would be late by around two months
in Pakistan, compared to other countries in the world.

However, Apple had earlier announced that initial production of its iPhone 7
models was already sold, and it arrived in the world markets on September 16.

So far, the dealer said, no pre-booking was going on, as selling price in the
country was not yet confirmed.

"No selling price in Pakistan has been set yet for the different iPhone 7 models
having different built-in memory," he said.

The dealer could not comment on any pause on sale of different models of iPhone
6, which were still on display. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have several
advantages on the previous models.

However, the number of potential buyers was increasing as they had been visiting
an authorised store in the town.

iPhone 7 is expected to receive response from the selfie enthusiasts, as Apple
has enhanced the front cameras to seven megapixels for the first time, along
with adding optical zoom in the iPhone 7, first of its type in the iPhone 7
series.

Previously, majority of iPhone models had a two-megapixel front camera.

The new iPhone 7 is water and dust resistant, which is also a new feature.
However, it is not new for other cell phone users in the world. Sony pioneered
this feature by introducing a water resistant model few years back. Samsung
followed it earlier this year with Samsung Galaxy S7.

Stronger iOS 10, operating system for iPhone 7 is seen as a big enhancement with
added features for Siri,

the virtual assistant and manager.

Both the iPhone 7 models also have increased battery capacities. People were
expecting Apple to also enhance the RAM, which is two gigabytes (GB), but Apple
fans believe that iPhone 7's RAM should not be and could not be compared with
any other OS including Microsoft and Android, as Apple's applications required
lesser space than any other operating system, and performed better even at lower
RAM.

One visitor of the authorised shop in Karachi said he would love to have the
iPhone 7 as early as possible, as

it has been much awaited, he said.  He rejected the notion that people in town
were not buying such expensive phones because of street snatchings. "Now
snatching has declined, but even during the high crime rate a couple of years
back, people in the city loved to buy expensive mobiles," he added.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 1, 2016 Thursday 8:39 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2593 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 1, 2016 Thursday 8:39 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2593 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     August 31, 2016 Wednesday 9:53 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2593 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     August 31, 2016 Wednesday 9:53 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2593 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has now confirmed that its launch event will be on 7 September 2016.
However, there is usually a gap between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and
the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion".

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there is no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset,
suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said. "I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a
software home button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
be more powerful - although it's anyone's guess how much this will translate
into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

From iPhone to iPhone 7: Here's how Apple has changed the smartphone's design
over the years;
Rumours about the next iPhone have been doing the rounds for a long time, and
after what looks to be a media event by Apple to launch the iPhone 7,
speculations are rife.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: Sumit Chakraborty

LENGTH: 618  words


Rumours about the next iPhone have been doing the rounds for a long time, and
after what looks to be a media event by Apple to launch the iPhone 7,
speculations are rife. Apple has confirmed that it will have a media event on
September 7, 2016. Apple will most likely unveil the iPhone 7 and 7S with better
camera features and upgraded hardware but the design will almost be the same as
iPhone 6 and 6S. The company does not reveal its plans before announcing its
products, the date of the media event is an indication of the new device and
quite possibly it will be named iPhone 7. Now since the release is imminent,
speculations about the design are bound to happen. From Steve Jobs to Tim Cook,
let us see how Apple has changed the design of the iPhone over the
'generations'.

The biggest highlight of the latest launch will be that the iPhone 7S will
supposedly have a dual camera. Though it will not be the first phone with dual
cameras, it is the first from Apple. The dual camera will aid in having
different types of focal ranges and better zooming capabilities. Users can even
click a single picture with both the cameras which will help in getting a more
detailed image and with lesser noise. The biggest drawback which looks to be
present in the iPhone 7 will be the lack of a headphone jack. Instead of the
headphone jack, Apple will provide dual speakers, which is not a bad thing given
iPhone speakers have always been a low point. iPhone users will have to get
lightning headphones or have to buy Bluetooth headphones.

Comparing with the first generation of iPhone, the first thing that comes to
mind is the size. It is amazing that how much bigger iPhone has gotten since it
was first launched, and even back then it was considered quite a big phone. When
it comes to width, mockup trials according to reports suggest that the iPhone 7
will have a width of just below 7 millimetres while the 1st iPhone was more than
11 millimetres. Interestingly, even the first iPhone had issues in the headphone
jack, as it could not fit all kinds of earphones. They are both aluminium builds
and the basic design hasn't changed much. Comparing with the iPhone 3G and
iPhone 3GS, again the first thing that comes to mind is that 3G was a tiny
phone. Apple also changed the look and feel of it by making a plastic body, for
the first time. There were many users who termed it as 'feels cheap'.

Now comes the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S, one of the most popular generations of the
device. It had a very simple and classy design, with a metal strap going around
the body sandwiched between two sheets of glass. The only problem was the two
antennae on the side which caused signal problems when covered, but apart from
that the design holds up today. But it's 3.5-inch screen is too small for this
generation. The iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S were a continuation of the previous
design, except the fact that Apple added a metal at the back of the body. Though
the cheaper version, iPhone 5C was kind of an odd one out as it had an all new
plastic shell.

Now, when it comes to the iPhones which the 7 is going to succeed, iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6S, it seems that the look is not going to get changed much. The cameras
will be different according to the speculations on the specifications. Since the
iPhone 7 will have a bigger camera, it will use a bigger sensor which might make
the phone wobble when kept flat on the table. This is because the other parts of
the body are very slim. According to the mockup phones, the antennae lines look
less noticeable. But the biggest change that is expected is the 'Home' button,
as it will possibly be touch sensitive this time, just like the 3D touch or
Force touch on the Mac computers.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       July 11, 2016 Monday 01:07 PM EST

New iPhone 7 leak provides our best look at Apple's next-gen smartphone

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 330  words


Click for image

With just about two months to go before Apple introduces the iPhone 7 to the
world, recent product leaks have given us a pretty good idea of what to expect
from Apple's next-gen smartphone-at least from a design point of view.

Over the past few weeks, we've certainly seen no shortage of spy shots and
blurry shots of iPhone casings. But a recent leak courtesy of Nowhereelse.fr has
given us our clearest look yet at we can expect from the iPhone 7's design.

As evidenced via the photo below, the antenna lines that we had to withstand on
the iPhone 6 and 6s have thankfully been relegated to the sides of the device.
In other words, the back of the iPhone 7 is incredibly smooth and sleek.

A leaked photo of the iPhone 7

You'll also notice that the size of the camera sensor is not only larger than it
was on the iPhone 6s, but it also protrudes out to a greater degree. The
takeaway from this is that the iPhone 7's camera may represent a huge step
forward with respect to photo quality. And especially because the iPhone 7 may
not introduce any revolutionary new features, there's a good chance that the
camera on Apple's next-gen iPhone may be its key selling point this year.

Also noteworthy, and as we covered last week, the entry-level model on the
iPhone 7 will reportedly see an increase from 16GB to 32GB.

A lack of exciting new features notwithstanding, we can still expect the iPhone
7 to sell quite well. Remember, the bulk of iPhone users are using devices that
are bordering on 2 years old, if not older. In other words, the pool of iPhone
users in the market for a brand-new iPhone upgrade is greater today than it's
ever been before ahead of a new iPhone release.

That said, it's entirely reasonable to assume that iPhone 7 sales may still be
strong even if they don't happen to be out-of-this-world spectacular. Indeed, we
may have to wait until the iPhone 7s-with its rumored edge to edge
display-before we see iPhone sales start skyrocketing once again.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus to launch in India on October 7, price starts at
Rs 60,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 442 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has launched its latest smartphones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus . The company unveiled the two smartphones at an event in San Francisco on
Wednesday (September 7). Both new iPhones go on pre-order in the US on September
9 and will be going on sale in the country on September 16. Apple has also
official announced the India launch date of the devices. Both iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale in India on October 7, 2016. Though the company
has not revealed the pricing details of the smartphones in India, it has just
announced that price will start at Rs 60,000 onwards. This means that iPhone 7
32GB version (which is the base model in terms of storage) will be available at
Rs 60,000.The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Silver, Gold, Rose
Gold, Black colour options in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants.

However, the new Jet Black colour variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB
variants. The company will also bundle Lightning Connector Earpods and Lightning
to 3.5mm Headphone Jack Adapter with the smartphones. These will also be
available separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900, respectively.The new
Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will sport at a price
tag of Rs 15,400 beginning. These too will go on sale at the same time. The
Cupertion giant will also introduce a complete range of accessories for iPhone 7
and 7 Plus which consists of silicone cases starting at Rs 2,900, iPhone 7 Smart
Battery Case in Black and While colours at Rs 8,900 and Lightning Docks at Rs
3,700.In terms of specifications, the iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with
3D touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D
touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion
processor, which the company claims is 40% faster that Apple A9 and it runs iOS
10.The Apple iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera with 6-element lens, f/1.8
aperture, High-speed Sensor (60% faster, 30% efficient), support for 4K video
recording and quad LED two-tone flash. On the other hand the iPhone 7 Plus has
dual 12MP rear cameras one wide-angle with f/1.8 aperture and a telephoto lens
with f/2.8 aperture for new depth-of-field and has OIS along with Quad-LED True
Tone flash.Both iPhones also have a similar 7MP Facetime camera, which is bumped
up from 5MP on the iPhone 6S. Another feature hitting the iPhone models for the
first time is the IP67 rating signifying the fact that it is water and dust
resistant. The models also have a new home button which is now touch sensitive
and uses a new Taptic engine for better response.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 10:34 AM GMT

iPhone 7 - Piano black handset, wireless earphones and all the latest news and
rumours;
Apple's latest handset could be waterproof and come in new colours

BYLINE: By Josh Parry

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1239 words


Apple is expected to unveil the next version of the iPhone on Wednesday.

The tech giant teased the new release earlier this month, by sending cryptic
invites to a number of tech websites.

Although nothing is ever certain where Apple is concerned - the California tech
giant does usually unleash their new iPhones in early September so it can see
out the end of the year on a high.

Some of the latest rumours circulating the internet suggest Apple could be
releasing a new 'piano black' handset, as well as including wireless headphones
- because the handset will lack a normal headphone socket.

Will Apple's iPhone 7 be waterproof? All the latest rumours about the new
smartphone

Tech experts around the world have said they're "almost certain" it will be an
iPhone 7 that's revealed - and the rumour mill is in overdrive ahead of
Wednesday's announcements.

So what's the latest rumour?

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Apple iPhone launch date CONFIRMED after months of speculation

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event in San Francisco on September 7,
which will take place at 10am local time (6pm BST).

They have previously given away secret messages in their invitations - but this
one is giving away very little.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which some have speculated could
allude to the name of the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

The invitation also uses a photographic technique known as 'bokeh' - when lights
are pictured out of focus to give the appearance of coloured bubbles.

Some claim this is a hint that Apple are introducing new colours to its lineup,
while others say this is a hint at a high-quality, SLR-style camera.

While others say the dots could also be water droplets, which could hint that
they're launching a water resistant handset.

Although the launch will take place on September 7, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

Apple ordered to pay Ireland 13 billion euros after EU ruling on tax deal

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

Apple's handsets are known for good quality - but it always comes at a price.
And the iPhone 7 is not expected to be any easier on the wallet than past
iterations.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                               September 8, 2016

Apple to launch iPhone 7,7 Plus in India on October 7, price starts at Rs 60,000

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 1190  words


NEW DELHI: US-based tech giant Apple has launched its latest phones-iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus and will be available in more than 25 countries beginning Friday,
September 16. And both will also be available to customers in India beginning
Friday, October 7.

The both phones will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black
finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at Rs 60,000 and the new jet
black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB models from
Apple Authorised Resellers and select carriers.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing.

"The completely redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or
night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo
speaker system provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust
resistant iPhone," added Schiller.

" The 12-megapixel camera includes optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger /1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable
brighter, more detailed photos and videos, and a wide colour capture allows for
more vibrant colours with more detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same
12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone 7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto
camera that together offer optical zoom at two times and up to 10 times digital
zoom for photos," the statement said.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images,
while sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the
background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only
with DSLR cameras.

Additional Camera Advancements Include:

New Apple-designed Image Signal Processor, which processes over 100 billion
operations on a single photo in as little as 25 milliseconds, resulting in
incredible photos and videos;

New 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with wide colour capture, advanced pixel
technology and auto image stabilisation for even better selfies; and

New Quad-LED True Tone flash that is 50 percent brighter than iPhone 6s
including an innovative sensor that detects the flickering in lights and
compensates for it in videos and photos.

More Performance & Battery Life

Both phones include support for up to 25 LTE bands, for the best worldwide
roaming in the industry, and LTE Advanced for three times faster data rates than
iPhone 6 at up to 450 Mbps.1

The new iPhone comes with EarPods with Lightning connector to deliver incredible
sound, as well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that allows customers to use
old headphones and accessories.

"New AirPods, Apple's innovative new wireless headphones, weave simplicity and
technology together to reinvent the wireless experience making headphones easy
to use. Featuring the new Apple W1 chip, AirPods have extremely efficient
wireless communication for a better connection, improved sound and
industry-leading battery life. AirPods harness the power of Siri, allowing you
to access your favourite personal assistant with just a double tap," it said.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system. iOS 10 introduces a huge update
to Messages that delivers more expressive and animated ways to message friends
and family, the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, new ways to
interact with apps and even more places to use 3D Touch, beautifully redesigned
Maps, Photos and Apple Music, and the Home app, delivering a simple and secure
way to manage home automation products in one place. iOS 10 also opens up
incredible opportunities for developers with Siri, Maps, Phone and Messages
APIs, allowing customers to do more than ever with the apps they love to use,"
it added.

Pricing & Availability

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the
new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at Rs 60,000 and the
new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB models
from Apple Authorised Resellers and select carriers.

Customers will be able to order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday,
September 9, with availability beginning Friday, September 16, in Australia,
Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the
UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia beginning Friday, September
23. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will also be available to customers in India
beginning Friday, October 7.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for MRP INR15,400 beginning in late October. All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus models will include EarPods with Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5
mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold separately for MRP INR 2,500 and MRP INR
900, respectively.

Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colours will be available starting at MRP INR 2,900 and iPhone 7 Smart Battery
Case will be offered in black and white for MRP INR 8,900. Lightning Docks in
several colour-matching metallic finishes will also be available for MRP INR
3,700.

1 Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select
carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE
support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/iphone/LTE.

2 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are splash, water and dust resistant and were
tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP67 under IEC
standard 60529. Splash, water and dust resistance are not permanent conditions
and resistance might decrease as a result of normal wear. Do not attempt to
charge a wet iPhone; refer to the user guide for cleaning and drying
instructions. Liquid damage not covered under warranty.

4 In most countries.

Apple revolutionised personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh
in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac,
Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple's four software platforms - iOS, macOS, watchOS
and tvOS - provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower
people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple
Pay and iCloud. Apple's 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best
products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 607 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

iPhone 7 goes on sale in the UK - but where are all the queues?

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired: "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: " If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

Finally! Scientists create 'unbreakable' mobile phone screen

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times: "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica: "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal: "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME: "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes: Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge: "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization means
that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone 6S, the
iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:50 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 has ditched the headphone jack - and Twitter isn't happy;
People are already worrying about the major change to the new model

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 392 words


After months of speculation, Apple have finally unveiled the iPhone 7 - and one
of the major rumours proved true.

The new unit no longer features a headphone jack - with users asked to plug
their headphones into the lightning charging port.

"The reason to move on really comes down to one word: courage," said Apple's
Phil Schiller, speaking of the jack's removal.

"The courage to move on and do something new that benefits all of us."

Read more

Apple iPhone 7 launch date, UK release date and price revealed

But while all iPhone 7 units will ship with a headphone adapter, some users are
worried about the development.

Disgruntled iPhone users took to Twitter to complain about the lightning
connection - which will meant some cannot charge their phone and use their
headphones simultaneously.

Ok wait so the iPhone 7 uses the Lightning input for headphones, does that mean
that I can't charge my phone while my headphones are in???

- MaryAnn Victoria (@maryannvictoria) September 7, 2016

Sooooo I can't listen to music with headphones and charge my iPhone at the same
time unless I get the wireless headphones Apple common

- Stephh (@Stephslife_) September 7, 2016

Unless if you have bluetooth headphones, you can't use your headphones if your
iphone 7 is charging.

LMAO

- David Norman (@tyavid_FlaherD) September 7, 2016

HOWEVER... now if you wanna use wired headphones while traveling, you can't
charge your iPhone at the same time lol So... Lame #AppleEvent

- Christian (@DrChiz) September 7, 2016

Another pointed out that the latest iPhone ear buds therefore won't be
compatible with the Apple Macbook.

So you can't unplug the headphones provided with the iPhone 7 and plug them into
your MacBook Pro. Unless something else is coming...

- Neil Bennett (@NeilBennett) September 7, 2016

However, Apple did unveil a new product - AirPods, an advanced set of wireless
earphones that can be used to controle the iPhone.

Read more

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled early in Twitter blunder- with waterproof design

Apple's iPhone 7 launch: Release date, price and all the latest news and rumours

iPhone 7: Apple set to unveil latest smartphone as host of new features expected

The buds include a microphone and can be tapped to answer phone calls.

The AirPods will ship separately from the iPhone 7, releasing in October for
approximately £119 ($159).

The iPhone 7 is launching on September 13.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, 7 plus India launch on Oct 7, from Rs 60,000

LENGTH: 437 words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Sept. 8 -- Apple's latest smartphones iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus would
be available in India from October 7 at a starting price of Rs 60,000, the
US-based technology giant has said, while for the first time confirming the
India pricing of the gadgets at the launch event itself.

The highly-anticipated latest iPhones with advancements such as stereo speakers,
water and dust resistance technology and wireless headphones were launched by
Apple CEO Tim Cook at a packed event in San Francisco yesterday.

The California-headquartered company also unveiled the next generation Apple
Watch and updates to its App Store and operating system iOS10.

As widely speculated, Apple also introduced 'AirPods', wireless headphones for
the new phone, eliminating the traditional headphone jack.

"iPhone is the industry gold standard, the phone by which all other smartphones
are compared. The iPhone has become a truly a cultural phenomenon," Cook,
dressed casually for the mega-event, said.

He said Apple has now sold over a billion iPhones, making it the "best selling
product of its kind in the history of the world".

Announcing the new phone, Cook described the iPhone 7 as the "best iPhone that
we have ever created".

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries beginning
September 16 and the products will be "available to customers in India beginning
October 7".

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7 inch display, will cost USD 649 while the 5.5 inch
iPhone7 Plus will come at a price tag of USD 769. The models will be available
in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
configurations.

The starting price would be Rs 60,000 for the 32GB iPhone model in India.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide
Marketing Philip Schiller said in his presentation.

He said Apple has inculcated the advanced 'A10 Fusion' chip in the new phones,
"the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life
ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the
sound, all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone".

The phones will also have an improved home button that lets users perform
different tasks by varying how hard they press it, the company said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 3:34 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1694 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Read more: Apple to unveil iOS 10 at Worldwide Developers Conference in June

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple fans queue up for iPhone 7/7P in China

LENGTH: 229  words


Apple fans queue up for iPhone 7 in China

People wait to buy iPhone products in front of an Apple store in Jinan, Shandong
province, Sept 16, 2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is released in China
beginning from Sept 16. [Photo/IC]

Apple store staffs greet customers who have been waiting in line to purchase
Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at the Apple Store in Jinan, Shandong province,
Sept 16, 2016. [Photo/IC]

Apple customers wait in the rain outside an Apple store in Shanghai, Sept 16,
2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is released in China beginning from Sept
16. [Photo/IC]

People wait to buy iPhone products in front of an Apple store in Shanghai, Sept
16, 2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is released in China beginning from
Sept 16. [Photo/IC]

A man shows Apple's new iPhone 7 after purchasing the device at an Apple store
in Jinan, Shandong province, Sept 16, 2016. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is
released in China beginning from Sept 16. [Photo/IC]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/147399328384.jpg

b083fe955aa11945924e14.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/147399328487.jpg

b083fe955aa11945924e13.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/147399328567.jpg

b083fe955aa11945924e12.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/70/147399328632.jpg

b083fe955aa11945924e10.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/147399328705.jpg

b083fe955aa11945924e11.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     August 10, 2016 Wednesday 4:50 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price leaked images, and all the latest news about
Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to announce details of the iPhone 7 next month - but some
internet fans can't wait that long

BYLINE: By Simon Binns

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 736 words


Apple fans are on standby as details of the new iPhone are set to be released
month.

Many can't wait that long though, and the internet has been creaking with
rumours of what the next incarnation - the iPhone 7 - will look like and new
features that might be included.

Industry commentators and Apple fan forums have been full of chatter - fuelled
by what many think are leaked images of the new smartphone.

So what can you expect from the new iPhone 7 and what are people predicting for
one of the biggest product launches of 2016?

And when will it be released?

We've searched the internet to bring you the lowdown on the new iPhone 7 before
it gets an official launch.

The home button. Is it staying or going?

According to Bloomberg Technology , the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click," it
claims..

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Some internet leaks have speculated on September 16 2016 - although no solid
evidence exists. Others suggest September 6, the daty after the end of Apple's
"back to school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

Rumours suggest Apple is planning to upgrade its base model from 16GB to 32GB,
keeping the iPhone 6 options of 64GB or 128GB storage.

If true, it's likely Applie will stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE".

Apple fans will be familiar with rumours suggesting the next iPhone will have a
larger camera lens and a USB Type C connection at the bottom that will double up
as the new headphone slot.

But in terms of size and design, the iPhone 7 is expected to be very similar to
the existing iPhone 6s .

This video - by Unbox Therapy - may also hold clues to the new iPhone 7 design,
claiming to have a mock up from the Chinese manufacturer. Features include a
dual lens camera, twin speakers and a Smart Connector.

And it comes in metallic blue...

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post  , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     August 10, 2016 Wednesday 4:50 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price leaked images, and all the latest news about
Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to announce details of the iPhone 7 next month - but some
internet fans can't wait that long

BYLINE: By Simon Binns

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 737 words


Apple fans are on standby as details of the new iPhone are set to be released
next month.

Many can't wait that long though, and the internet has been creaking with
rumours of what the next incarnation - the iPhone 7 - will look like and new
features that might be included.

Industry commentators and Apple fan forums have been full of chatter - fuelled
by what many think are leaked images of the new smartphone.

So what can you expect from the new iPhone 7 and what are people predicting for
one of the biggest product launches of 2016?

And when will it be released?

We've searched the internet to bring you the lowdown on the new iPhone 7 before
it gets an official launch.

The home button. Is it staying or going?

According to Bloomberg Technology , the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click," it
claims..

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Some internet leaks have speculated on September 16 2016 - although no solid
evidence exists. Others suggest September 6, the daty after the end of Apple's
"back to school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

Rumours suggest Apple is planning to upgrade its base model from 16GB to 32GB,
keeping the iPhone 6 options of 64GB or 128GB storage.

If true, it's likely Applie will stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE".

Apple fans will be familiar with rumours suggesting the next iPhone will have a
larger camera lens and a USB Type C connection at the bottom that will double up
as the new headphone slot.

But in terms of size and design, the iPhone 7 is expected to be very similar to
the existing iPhone 6s .

This video - by Unbox Therapy - may also hold clues to the new iPhone 7 design,
claiming to have a mock up from the Chinese manufacturer. Features include a
dual lens camera, twin speakers and a Smart Connector.

And it comes in metallic blue...

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post  , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Comparison: Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs LG V20, Samsung Galaxy Note 7, Asus Zenfone 3
Deluxe

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 430 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has announced its latest smartphones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus . The all-new smartphones offer a host of new features, advancements and
yes some upgrades. As widely speculated, Apple has also ditched the 3.5mm
headphone jack in the new iPhones, ushering users in a wireless voice-driven
world. The new Apple phones are also water-resistant , a feature touted by many
other flagship smartphones for some years now.

Wonder how all-new Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus stack against competition?
Here we bring spec-to-spec comparison of the iPhone 7 Plus (the bigger variant
of the two) with its closest competition LG V20 , Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and Asus
Zenfone 3 Deluxe .DisplayApple iPhone 7 Plus: 5.5-inch (1080x1920 pixles) Full
HD LG V20: 5.7-inch (2560x1440 pixels) QHDSamsung Note 7: 5.7-inch (2560x1440
pixels) QHDAsus Zenfone 3 Deluxe: 5.7-inch (1080x1920 pixles) Full HDOperating
systemApple iPhone 7 Plus: Apple iOS 10LG V20: Android 7.0 NougatSamsung Note 7:
Android 6.0 MarshmallowAsus Zenfone 3 Deluxe: Android 6.0
MarshmallowProcessorApple iPhone 7 Plus: Apple A10 chip (64-bit)LG V20: 2.15GHz
+1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820Samsung Note 7: 2.15GHz + 1.6GHz
quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor (or Exynos, depending on region)Asus
Zenfone 3 Deluxe: quad-core Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 821RAMApple iPhone 7
Plus: Apple has not revealed the RAM capacity, but it is likely to be 2GB/3GBLG
V20: 4GBSamsung Note 7: 4GBAsus Zenfone 3 Deluxe: 4GB/6GBStorageApple iPhone 7
Plus: 32GB/ 128GB/ 256GBLG V20: 64GBSamsung Note 7: 64GBAsus Zenfone 3 Deluxe:
64GB/128GB/256GBRear CameraApple iPhone 7 Plus: 12MP (telephoto), 12MP (wide)LG
V20: 16MP, 8MP wideSamsung Note 7: 12MPAsus Zenfone 3 Deluxe: 23MPFront
cameraApple iPhone 7 Plus: 7MPLG V20: 5MPSamsung Galaxy Note 7: 5MPAsus Zenfone
3 Deluxe: 8MPSpecial FeaturesApple iPhone 7 Plus: IP76, dual rear cameras,
fingerprint sensorLG V20: Rear cover release key; both cameras capture
wide-angle images; secondary screen on top, fingerprint sensorSamsung Galaxy
Note 7: S Pen stylus, water-resistant, wireless charging, fingerprint sensorAsus
Zenfone 3 Deluxe: fingerprint sensorBatteryApple iPhone 7 Plus: Not Available
(However, Apple CEO, Tim Cook has claimed that it offers longest battery life
ever)LG V20: 3,200mAh (removable)Samsung Note 7: 3,500mAh (non-removable)Asus
Zenfone 3 Deluxe: 3,000 mAh (non-removable)Price Apple iPhone 7 Plus: Price to
start at Rs 60,000LG V20: Not Available Samsung Note 7: Rs 59,990Asus Zenfone 3
Deluxe: Rs 62,999

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone7, iPhone7 Plus launched with a bang; is it worth your money?

LENGTH: 914  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- Zee Media Bureau
 San Francisco/ Apple has launched the highly-anticipated iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
plus along with next-generation 'Apple Watch Series 2', thus putting an end to
round-the-clock rumours that had sent the world of technology into a tizzy for
quite some time now.


 The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems, come with more power and
performance, more battery life, immersive stereo speakers and is the first water
and dust resistant iPhone.
 MUST READ
 How Apple's Twitter account ruined big iPhone 7 event
 Availability of the latest iPhones
 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries
beginning September 16. It will be available to customers in India beginning
October 7.
 Price
 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the
new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at USD 649 while the
iPhone 7 Plus will start at USD 769. Apple has done away with the 16 GB variant.

 iPhone 7 has something missing
 The small socket millions of us have used for years to plug in headphones.
 While some fans opposed the widely anticipated move - one online petition
urging Apple to keep the headphone jack drew more than 300,000 signatures -
equipment suppliers and experts heralded a change in how users will interact
with their devices.
 Axing the jack, they say, paves the way for discreet, bean-sized earbuds that
can simultaneously translate, filter out unwanted noise or let us control other
devices by voice - and drive up the value of the so-called 'hearables' market to
$16 billion within five years.
 Apple justified the removal of the jack as a courageous move to ditch a
100-year-old technology and make more space inside the iPhone. It offered as
alternatives a lightning cable earphone and an adapter for the old type, but
touted new wireless earphones.
 MUST READ
 Apple iPhone7, iPhone7 Plus: Know India price, launch and availability date
 Intelligent assistance
 That bigger puzzle includes improving how computers understand human commands.
 Apple pointed to improvements in its Siri voice control software, which can be
activated by double tapping the AirPod.
 Other major technology companies are also making strides, with Amazon.com Inc's
Alexa software letting you control an Internet-connected speaker with your
voice. Alphabet's Google has its own version.
 Among China's technology leaders, Baidu is working on improving transcribing
speech, and says its Deep Speech 2 system can transcribe English and Chinese
about three times faster than a human. It says the number of voice interactions
with its products has tripled since the start of last year.
 Start-ups, too, are forging a path. New York-based Scarlet, funded by Samsung
Electronics, this year launched an intelligent assistant app that briefs the
user on relevant information based on weather, outside events and your calendar.

 MUST READ
 Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus; price starts $649
 No voice needed
 But many, including some major hardware players, sense the time is near.
 Samsung last month launched its IconX wireless earbuds, which include
biometrics, while Sony's Xperia Ear promises to deliver weather and message
notifications via voice, and to recognise input either by voice or head
movements. LG Electronics said last week it was including Alexa in its
SmartThinQ Hub, a device used to connect home appliances over the Internet.
 And some are already pioneering the next step - where voice commands are
unnecessary.
 Key features
 Water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus), a
pressure-sensitive home button, 7 MP HD front camera and 12 MP rear main camera.

 The phone will come in four colours: Jet Black, gold, silver and rose gold.
 IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models
starting at USD 649.
 Optical image stabilisation in all new iPhones, allowing for up to 3x longer
exposure.
 Apple's twin lens setup is wide angle and telephoto in the iPhone 7 Plus.
 For actual, optical zoom, one lens handles 1x zoom; the other handles 2x, the
report added. iPhone 7 Plus now has 10x zoom.
 The camera app is getting a "portrait" mode that'll use the dual-lenses and
depth mapping to simulate the DSLR visual quality.
 The device also has a quad-LED flash with 50 percent light output, and can
detect/compensate for the imperceptible flickering of energy efficient lights.
 One new feature - which may upset some consumers - is the removal of the
headphone jack, requiring audio to be delivered via Apple's proprietary
"lightning" connector or by wireless.
 Apple will also include an adaptor to allow consumers to use existing
headphones with the iPhone.
 Through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, customers in the US, and for the first
time in the UK and China, will also be able to get an unlocked iPhone 7 or
iPhone 7 Plus.
 Some still waiting for iPhone 8
 Apple typically gives its main product, which accounts for more than half of
its revenue, a big makeover every other year and the last major redesign was the
iPhone 6 in 2014.
 Many are expecting a three-year cycle this time, culminating in a major
redesign for 2017 to be called iPhone 8.
 Apple has reported declines in iPhone sales for the last two quarters, which
raised the stakes for the iPhone 7. Some consumers and analysts are considering
waiting until 2017.
 And the reason behind this? Could be speculation for now, but it's going to the
10th anniversary of iPhone!

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        June 13, 2016 Monday 3:43 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1688 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        June 13, 2016 Monday 3:43 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1688 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      June 11, 2016 Saturday 10:00 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1694 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Read more: Apple to unveil iOS 10 at Worldwide Developers Conference in June

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      June 11, 2016 Saturday 10:00 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1694 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Read more: Apple to unveil iOS 10 at Worldwide Developers Conference in June

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      June 11, 2016 Saturday 10:00 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1694 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Read more: Apple to unveil iOS 10 at Worldwide Developers Conference in June

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 sales begin in Korea in absence of Galaxy Note 7

BYLINE: Sohn Ji-young

LENGTH: 556  words


The sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began in South Korea on Friday,
amid high expectations that the US tech giant could reap added success here in
the absence of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7.

Apple officially launched its latest iPhone series through Korea's three major
mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus as well as local Apple retailer
Frisbee, with sales starting from 8 am local time on Friday.

Korea has long been a tough market for Apple, as Samsung has maintained its
undisputed leadership in the local smartphone business, with a market share of
approximately 70 per cent.

However, now, expectations are high that Apple could score new purchases from
Korean customers who may be willing to try out the new iPhone, as Samsung has
pulled its new smartphone from the market due to battery safety issues.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus are available in five
colours: rose gold, silver, gold, black and the all-popular jet black edition.
However, both run on the iOS 10 operating system.

Unlike previous models, the iPhone 7 series does not have earphone sockets and
are instead accompanied by wireless earphones -- a design change made by Apple
to make the new devices waterproof.

The iPhone 7 is priced at 869,000 South Korean won ($767), while the iPhone 7
Plus costs 1.02 million South Korean won for the 32GB model. Prices are higher
for the 128GB and 256GB models.

Korea's three mobile carriers have begun a fierce competition to attract more
iPhone 7 customers to their own retailers, introducing varying subsidies and
discount promotions.

In terms of immediate savings, customers can choose to receive either an upfront
subsidy, which varies across carriers, or a unilateral 20 per cent discount on
the monthly payment plan of their choice.

The three firms have also introduced their own warranty programs for new iPhone
customers.

SKT introduced the 'T iPhone Club' on Friday, which offers repair and loss
warranties for iPhone 7 devices starting from 4,900 South Korean won per month.
Club members can also receive discount benefits while changing to a new iPhone
device after 12 months.

KT and LG Uplus also launched similar programs, which offer discount benefits to
customers who want to upgrade to a new iPhone device after 12 months at 2,300
South Korean won per month.

Even with the Galaxy Note 7 out of the way, Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
are geared to compete against LG Electronics' newly-launched V20 and even older
smartphones, such as the Samsung Galaxy S7, according to industry insiders.

"While some Galaxy Note 7 owners looking for alternative devices may choose to
purchase the new iPhone 7, others may choose the LG V20 or even older
smartphones made by Samsung as they're used to Android-based devices," said one
owner of a local cell phone retailer in southern Seoul.

Customers looking for an upgraded Android handset are likely to lean toward the
5.7-inch LG V20, which boasts high-end audio and camera features.

They could also wait for the local launch of Google's 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch
Pixel XL smartphones, which have begun sales abroad. Google has yet to announce
an official launch date for Korea.

At the same time, some customers, who are reluctant to choose new brands other
than Samsung, may choose to wait for next year's release of the Galaxy S8.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:40 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2458 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

A video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could be
the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:40 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2458 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

A video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could be
the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              March 7, 2016 Monday

Apple To release iPhone 7, iPhone Pro, iPhone SE in 2016

LENGTH: 489 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 7 -- Consumer electronics customers all over the world have
been eagerly awaiting the next range of iPhone releases, and it now seems that
the names for these mobiles have been confirmed by Apple internally. Leaked
sketchings of the smaller four-inch iPhone unit seem to suggest that the next
handset from the consumer electronics giant will be be referred to as the iPhone
SE.

It had previously been reported that Apple would brand this smartphone as the
iPhone 5SE, with the SE part of the name standing for Special Edition. This new
device is certainly a departure from the standard iPhone fare considering that
it is significantly smaller than the premium iPhone handset, reports
http://www.valuewalk.com

9to5Mac suggests that the next generation affordable iPhone unit will launch in
March alongside a smaller iPad Pro tablet with a 9.7-inch display. As has been
expected, both will be unveiled at a special March 15 event, alongside new
colors and band designs for the Apple Watch smartwatch.

Another rumor this week has caught Apple-following media on the hop, and
indicates that the corporation is considering effectively releasing a second new
iPhone Product line. Reports from close to the Apple supply chain suggest that
the premium iPhone 7 Plus device, that had already been predicted to feature
dual cameras, could ultimately be dubbed the iPhone Pro.

This is very much speculative at the time of writing, as it has emanated from
the Chinese website MyDrivers. But Apple is reportedly considering this
distinctive name in order to separate the device from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, with both of the standard units to feature single-lens cameras.

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo had suggested previously that Apple is
beavering away internally on producing two separate versions of the iPhone 7
Plus. And Kuo indeed noted the differing camera technologies as being central to
this ethos.

Some analysts have suggested that this information is questionable, as there
seems to be very little incentive for Apple to effectively splinter its iPhone
lineup. But the murmurings from China and the insistence of the world's most
prominent Apple analyst and soothsayer must make this report a distinct
possibility.

So by the end of 2016 it could be possible for consumers to choose from four
separate new iPhone units. The first will be the iPhone SE, which will emerge in
April according to the most recent reports. And then three iPhone units will all
presumably arrive in the early weeks of the fourth quarter of the year, as is
usual procedure for Apple. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be accompanied by
this new iPhone Pro unit, and it seems natural for Apple to release the three
simultaneously.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus to hit Indian stores today

LENGTH: 393  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 7 -- Zee Media Bureau
 The much-awaited Apple iPhone 7 series is all set to be launched on Friday from
7 pm onwards. The iphone 7 and iphone 7 plus will go on sale on many e-commerce
platforms. Already pre-orders are open on these platforms.


 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus start from Rs 60,000 and Rs 72,000 and go up to
Rs 80,000 and Rs 92,000, respectively.
 Tata CLiQ, Amazon India, and Flipkart have exciting offers for the interested
customers.
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new jet black colour
variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants.
 While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other
models has not been disclosed.
 IPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a
5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a
new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 per cent faster
than the previous generation.
 The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording.
The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras - one wide-angle and a telephoto
lens.
 Both iPhones have a similar 7MP Facetime camera, which is bumped up from 5MP on
the iPhone 6S. The handsets come with IP67 rating, signifying the fact that it
is water and dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone.
 The models also have a new home button which is now touch sensitive and uses a
new Taptic engine for better response. Apple has also has done away with the
3.5mm audio jack that has been the industry standard since the Walkman.
 The Cupertino-based company is betting big on the Indian market. In July, Apple
CEO Tim Cook had said that India is one of its fastest growing markets.
 "In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India
were up 51 per cent year-on-year," he had said on an investor call.
 The company has also announced setting up of a design and development
accelerator to support Indian developers creating innovative applications for
iOS and has opened a new office in Hyderabad to accelerate maps development.
 Cook, who visited India in May, had discussed issues including manufacturing
and setting up retail stores in the country with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
 (With PTI inputs)

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus official: Check out the specs, features and pricing
details here

LENGTH: 352  words


Apple has announced both its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones and here's all
the important specs, features, pricing and other core details

The long wait is finally over and iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have officially
been announced. The company states that the new Jet Black color models and all
the other ones sport an aluminum body that have been extremely well crafted to
provide strength and an aesthetic upgrade to the smartphone lineup. Both
smartphones are outfitted with the A10 Fusion chipset, which features a total of
four cores. Two cores will handle the most important and intensive applications
and operations, while the remaining two cores will focus on taking care of those
less important operations.

The new and improved 12MP sensor on the iPhone 7 is 60 percent faster and 30
percent more efficient than its predecessor and the iPhone 7 Plus is the only
one from the family to sport a dual 12MP camera. Both cameras have an aperture
of f/1.8, which will allow more light to enter and there are 4 LEDs present in
order to capture brighter and better images.

As expected iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come without the headphone jack, but do
feature Apple's EarPods with the Lightning connector. To make things simpler for
the user, there's even a Lightning-to-headphone jack so you can plug in your
previous earphones and headphones with ease. The best thing about both
smartphones is that they feature 32GB as their base storage models. The model in
the middle comes with 128GB of storage, and the highest capacity model comes
with 256GB of onboard memory, which is very impressive.

The pricing details of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have been listed below:

iPhone 7  32GB: $649 for unlocked model
128GB: $749 for unlocked model
256GB: $849 for unlocked model
iPhone 7 Plus  32GB: $769 for unlocked model
128GB: $869 for unlocked model
256GB: $969 for unlocked model

Pre-orders for the smartphones are going to start from September 9 and shipments
will be sent out from September 16. We'll continue to provide you with more
updates on the matter as we speak.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/62/147332991730.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 goes on sale amid void of Note 7

LENGTH: 569 words


Sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began in South Korea on Friday, amid
high expectations that the US tech giant could reap added success here in the
absence of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7. ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Apple officially launched its latest iPhone series through
Korea's three major mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus as well as local
Apple retailer Frisbee, with sales starting from 8 a.m. on Friday.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Korea has long been a tough market for Apple, as Samsung has
maintained its undisputed leadership in the local smartphone business with a
market share of approximately 70 percent.

But now, expectations are high that Apple could score new purchases from Korean
customers who may be willing to try out the new iPhone as Samsung has pulled its
new smartphone from the market due to battery safety issues.

Customers line up to purchase Apple's iPhone 7 at a Frisbee store in
Myeong-dong, central Seoul, Friday. (Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus are
available in five colors -- rose gold, silver, gold, black and the all-popular
jet black edition. Both run on the iOS 10 operating system.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Unlike previous models, the iPhone 7 series does not have
earphone sockets and are instead accompanied by wireless earphones -- a design
change made by Apple to make the new devices waterproof.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The iPhone 7 is priced at 869,000 won ($767) while the iPhone 7
Plus costs 1.02 million won for the 32GB model. Prices are higher for the 128GB
and 256GB models.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Korea's three mobile carriers have begun a fierce competition
to attract more iPhone 7 customers to their own retailers, introducing varying
subsidies and discount promotions.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]In terms of immediate savings, customers can choose to receive
either an upfront subsidy -- which varies by carrier -- or a unilateral 20
percent discount on the monthly payment plan of their choice.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The three firms have also introduce their own warranty programs
for new iPhone customers.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]SKT introduced the "T iPhone Club" on Friday, which offers
repair and loss warranties for iPhone 7 devices starting from 4,900 per month.
Club members can also receive discount benefits when changing to a new iPhone
device after 12 months.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]KT and LG Uplus also launched similar programs which offer
discount benefits to customers who want to upgrade to a new iPhone device after
12 months at 2,300 won per month.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Even with the Galaxy Note 7 out of the way, Apple's iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus are geared to compete against LG Electronics' newly-launched
V20 and even older smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy S7, according to industry
insiders.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]"While some Galaxy Note 7 owners looking for alternative
devices may choose to purchase the new iPhone 7, others may choose the LG V20 or
even older smartphones made by Samsung because they're used to Android-based
devices," said one owner of a local cell phone retailer in southern Seoul.

Customers looking for an upgraded Android handset are likely to lean toward the
5.7-inch LG V20, which boasts high-end audio and camera features.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]They could also wait for the local launch of Google's 5-inch
Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL smartphones which have begun sales abroad. Google
has yet to announce an official launch date for Korea.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

At the same time, some customers who are reluctant to choose new brands other
than Samsung may choose wait for next year's release of the Galaxy S8.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]By Sohn Ji-young (

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 13, 2016 Tuesday 12:05 PM GMT

Is iPhone 7 Guinness resistant? And 8 other things you need to know about
Apple's new product

BYLINE: By Adrian Weckler

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2775 words


So is it worth it or not? The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus officially go on sale
this Friday. I've been using both for almost a week.

Is the successor to the world's best-selling handset worth upgrading to?

It is. After a good deal of poking and prodding, it's evident that the iPhone 7
is a significant bump up from the iPhone 6S. Moreover, if you value your photos
in the same way I do, it's a major advance.

It's not a perfect upgrade. For some, its near-identical design to the iPhone 6
might make it feel a little same-old, same-old. And the removal of the headphone
jack could cause momentary flutters.

But for me, the improvements under the hood, allied with the substantial extra
imaging prowess, power, battery life and integration of iOS 10, make it a thing
to be sought after.

In particular, the new dual-camera system on the larger iPhone 7 Plus is a
revelation. It will permanently change the quality of photos and videos for a
great many people.

If you'd like to know a bit more about the phones, read on: I'm going to deal
with the main individual features of both the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus as
I found them.

1. The home button is odd for about two seconds

The new home button is a 'button' in name only: it's actually a fixed
solid-state panel that gives the impression of being pressed without much actual
mechanical movement. (So when the phone is off, nothing happens when you go to
press it.)

In this 'haptic' environment, you can choose the virtual 'depth' of the home
button's pressing technique in settings, although there isn't much of a
difference between them.

Apple has introduced this change partially to make it more "durable". It
probably helps a lot with the phone's new official water-resistant
qualifications (and boy, does this work -- see our video test). It also gels
with the general progression of the phone's 3D Touch screen, which offers
already offers haptic-powered virtual pressing on apps.

At first, the whole thing with the new home button felt a little iffy. Whether
it's nostalgia or muscle-memory, there is something satisfying about pressing
down on an actual button.

But the new system is not hard to get used to at all. And the new mechanism
hasn't interfered with my operation of the phone. It certainly shouldn't scare
anyone off.

2. I don't miss the old headphone port one bit

Seriously. Granted, 95pc of my audio listening on a phone is with wireless
headphones anyway.

They're far more convenient than wired equivalents (if sometimes not quite at
the same audio quality level). Because of their in-built microphones, wireless
headphones also act as effective hands-free headsets for phone calls. Indeed, I
usually just leave a phone's supplied (wired) earphones in the box.

In this context, it is not much of a blow that the 3.5mm headphone jack slot is
gone. But even it was, Apple has included a 3.5mm adaptor that fits the end of
your earphone jack and goes into the Lightning port. And it still gives you a
pair of EarPod earphones included with the new iPhone 7 anyway: they're exactly
the same as the old EarPods except that they connect directly with the Lightning
port.

The only ones who might really rue the abolition of the 3.5mm jack port are
those who have invested in specialist accessories that use the slot for other
purposes. These could range from mobile payment terminals to professional
audiovisual equipment.

But for everyone else, this isn't going to matter very much in the long run.
Headphones are going wireless anyway. Until then, you get a supplied adaptor and
Lightning EarPods in the box.

3. This iPhone is really, really water-resistant

We're not joking here. We gave this phone a pretty good 'water' test (see the
video above) and there's no disputing its pass rate.

Technically, the new iPhone 7 has an officially-recognised IP67 certification,
which means that it can remain operational for up to 30 minutes at a water depth
of one metre (covering almost all toilets). This doesn't actually mean that the
phone is "water proof", or even that Apple will replace your phone if it
succumbs to water damage (its terms and conditions rule this out). So you
shouldn't really take it swimming with you.

However, this phone can certainly withstand liquids. We dropped it in a pint of
stout. The iPhone 7 came out with flying colours. Not only was there zero sign
of any ill after-effects, but the phone kept on working perfectly even as it
remained sopping wet with the black stuff.

Obviously this isn't something we would plan to do on a regular basis. But it's
nice to know that if you're out and about, your new iPhone is more than capable
of putting up with splashes or even the occasional fall into some liquid-filled
vessel.

On the science end, Apple has an interesting way of keeping water out of ports
such as the Lightning recharging slot, using a system of expelling air. I don't
know exactly how this works. But it really does seem to work.

4. The camera on the iPhone 7 Plus is the single biggest reason to upgrade

The iPhone 7 Plus camera is insanely good and is, hands-down, the biggest driver
to switch phones.

I have long argued that a camera is now the single most important feature on a
phone.

I used to love Sony Xperia phones for this reason. Samsung's S-series models
still do a very good job, too.

But the camera on the iPhone 7 Plus moves things on another notch. It's actually
two cameras (with two sensors, according to Apple) on one device. There's a
wide-angle 28mm lens and a telephoto 56mm lens.

This allows the phone to 'zoom' from one angle (or view) to the other without
compromising much quality in the photo. Typically, a single-lens phone's 'zoom'
is only the process of artificially stretching the photo to give the impression
of a closer view. It generally results in poorer quality.

On this phone, to switch between the two optical lengths, there's a small
on-screen button that tells you whether you're at '1x' (28mm equivalent) or '2x'
(56mm). You can either toggle or slide between them. You can also extend the
zoom to a 10x setting, although this is mainly a case of digitally stretching
(hence diluting) the image.

I found myself using the 2x zoom (56mm lens) an awful lot. Going back to a
single-lens camera would now feel like a step backwards.

I also took advantage of the iPhone 7's new higher-resolution video recording
settings. While the 4K (or 'ultra high definition') level is nice to have,
having a choice of either 30 frames per second or 60 frames per second at 'full
HD' is a gift. (The latter standard looks fantastic on any screen under 40
inches.) There's also the choice of a lower standard, 720p at 30 frames per
second, which uses less storage memory.

Of critical importance to this whole process is the iPhone 7 Plus's optical
stabilisation (also now available on the smaller iPhone 7). We first saw this in
the iPhone 6S Plus but it's worth restating here. When used with video, even a
zoomed-in, apparently shaky filming process results in a nice, smooth video
result. You have to see this to believe it: it's a huge advance. (See timelapse
video posted below.)

The amount of light that the camera lets in is much improved, too. The 28mm lens
has an f1.8 aperture while the 56mm is at f2.8. As is apparent from some of the
shots I took this week, these give pretty impressive detail on photos, even in
fairly shabby light.

What all of this really means is that that you have a much, much better camera
in your pocket than with any phone before. No more blurry, shaky videos. This is
going to have a big effect on photos at matches, concerts and other events where
the photos we currently take are pretty awful.

There's one other feature of the iPhone 7 Plus's camera system that has yet to
arrive (via a software update, we're told). That is its ability to create
DSLR-style depth of field. This sounds technical but it really does provide a
beautiful effect: when you take a photo of someone, their features are sharp
while the background is mildly blurred. (Photographers also call this 'bokeh'.)

When this lands, it's going to significantly impact the casual portrait shots we
take of friends and family.

Lastly, the selfie-camera on the iPhone 7 Plus (and the iPhone 7) has been
upgraded to 7 megapixels. And there's a better selfie-flash system that measures
the light in your background to come up with what it things is the optimal
lighting for your skintone.

As for DSLR comparisons, they are limited. The iPhone 7 Plus camera is not
optically at a DSLR level. Indeed, much of the detail and quality in the photos
coming out of the new camera system are digitally sewn together by clever
processors and engines (performing 100bn operations per photo, according to
Apple). This is a key difference to DSLRs, which still most rely on the optical
quality of the (huge) lenses to provide the real quality.

But DSLRs are still clunky, large and complicated to master. This iPhone 7 Plus
is easy to use.

So while an expert handling a DSLR will shoot a (far) more technically
accomplished photo than that from an iPhone, hardly any of us will get to that
level. Neither will we have a DSLR in our pocket, ready to shoot a photo or
video whenever the occasion arises. So the DSLR comparison is a bit of a false
one. The real competition is with other phones. And in that context, the iPhone
7 Plus is now ahead.

5. The iPhone 7's battery life is better than previous iPhones, but it still
doesn't set the pace

The battery life on the iPhone 7 is slightly better than the iPhone 6S. Apple
puts it at up to two hours per charge more than previous models and credits this
largely to the reduced energy consumption of the phone's new A10 processor.

I used both the iPhone 7 (and the iPhone 7 Plus) fairly constantly throughout
the day for Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, email and Spotify. I also used the
camera reasonably frequently, as well as a couple of photo-editing apps to play
with pictures.

In that context, I found that the iPhone made it to around 5pm (from a 7.30am
start) before it needed a recharge. That's actually pretty good -- I'm a heavy
user and I find that many phones run out in the early afternoon.

The battery on the iPhone 7 Plus model unquestionably lasted a bit longer, with
one caveat: the big screen on it and the added camera invited me use it more,
especially for photos and videos. So while I technically got more juice out of
it than the smaller iPhone 7, I still didn't make it past teatime due to the
heavier application rotation I threw at it.

It should be said that this isn't the market-leading phone for battery life. Of
the big sellers, that title probably rests with Samsung's Note 7 (yes, the
overheating one that has been recalled).

But it's better than most phones out there.

6. The new glossy 'jet black' version smudges a lot

Having used the new, glossy, 'jet black' iPhone 7, I found that fingerprints and
general smudging showed up a lot more on it than on the regular (matte) black
iPhone 7 Plus model.

Apple has also guided that 'micro-abrasions' might be more of an issue with the
jet black model and that a cover is thus advisable. There may be a catch-22
here: if you're to cover it up, the phone's colour is surely not as important.

7. iOS 10 performs really well here

Anyone with an iPhone under four years old (from the model 5 up) gets to upgrade
to iOS 10. But it shines with the newer iPhone 7 and iPhone 6S.

There's too much in iOS 10 to fully cover here. But the things I enjoyed most
were the new message animations and the iPhone 7's 3D Touch for 'quick actions'
and 'peek and pop' moves within apps.

For those who haven't used a 3D Touch screen before, it feels like you're
double-pressing the screen when you apply a little more pressure to it. If you
do so on an app, a little menu pops up inviting you to perform some action
within the app. For Mail, it's a choice of a new message, a search or to go to
the inbox. For Messages, it's an option to write a new message or go directly to
one of the last three numbers you messaged. (I'm using this one a lot.) And so
on.

But iOS 10 piles on more functionality. So within Mail, for example, I can now
add a 'widget' (of frequent or VIP email correspondents, perhaps) onto my quick
action menu.

In Messages, if I 3D Touch any of the messages I see, I get a view of the last
couple of messages sent as well as the ability to swipe up for a list of
possible responses.

Speaking of Messages, there's now a bunch of new animated effects you can use,
ranging from emoticons to 'invisible ink' messages which only reveal themselves
when the message is opened.

This is probably the iOS 10 effect that a lot people will end up noticing.

But in Photos, the 3D Touch in the iPhone 7 let me select individual photos (or
videos) for a quick peek without opening them and then a quick menu on what to
do with them.

And while we're Photos, iOS 10 now has a new movie-stitching engine that
automatically pulls together some of your photos and videos to make related
collages. Being a bit fussy about my photos, I didn't really jump into this. But
I can see its appeal in an era where many have thousands of photos on their
phone without any apparent archiving order in place.

One new iOS 10 app you'll see on the iPhone 7 is the 'Home' app, which is
supposed to become the central control hub for all the smart devices in your
house.

As said before, anyone with an iPhone 5 upwards will get to use iOS 10. But the
additional firepower under the hood of the iPhone 7 (it's over three times
faster than the iPhone 5) means it flies on this handset.

8. There are other things of note, like more storage, speakers, screen
resolution and power

(i) It's hard not to welcome the (long overdue) bump in storage that the iPhone
7 brings. The basic model now has twice the storage (32GB) of previous
entry-level iPhones. And the other storage levels are doubled, too, to 128GB and
a new top-end storage capacity of 256GB.

This will be a welcome development among those of us who quickly run out of
space due to photos and other things clogging up the system.

(ii) The screen on both the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus is bright and vivid,
even it's very close to the same screen you got on the last iPhone 6S and the
iPhone 6 before that. The pixel resolution is actually identical -- 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) for the iPhone 7 Plus model and 326ppi for the iPhone 7. But it's
about 25pc brighter than last year's iPhones. And Apple has also added a
colour-enhancing 'wide colour' feature first introduced on the iPad Pro and 5K
iMac.

In terms of pure pixels, the iPhone 7's screen is a semi-notch down on what
you'll get from one or two other top-end phones which boast ppi figures of 500
and over. But in reality, the difference is pretty very hard to make out on a
4.7-inch or 5.5-inch screen.

Unless you're an absolute pixel nerd, I can't see any reason why 'only' getting
a HD screen would put one off getting this handset.

(iii) The iPhone 7 has added stereo audio, mainly through a new speaker around
the earpiece. This works well, especially when looking at a video or clip with
someone else: you don't have to cup the top end of the phone to hear amplified
audio. (You'll still get louder audio if you cup the lower speaker, though, as
it's facing out from the end of the phone.)

It wasn't quite enough to get me to settle down for a Netflix episode without
headphones. But audio speakers are very underrated on phones. It's good to have
relatively decent ones.

(iv) The iPhone 7's new A10 chip makes the iPhone 7 as fast as many laptops and
PCs. This is ultimately of note because it's going to let developers push the
boat out more when it comes to more powerful, more useful apps.

9. In conclusion, if you buy one you're getting a proper upgrade

The iPhone 7 may look and feel the same to pick up, but there's a lot more going
under the hood. And in the iPhone 7 Plus's camera, the range has a genuine
killer application.

Personally, I'd opt for a Plus is you can afford the stretch: the extra
functionality of the double-camera is just too enticing to pass up.

As for price and availability, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are currently
available to pre-order and go on general sale later this week.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 costs from £599 for the 32GB model. The 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus costs from (EURO)719 for the 32GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7 India launch on Oct 7, price starts at Rs 60,000

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 8 -- Apple's latest smartphones iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
would be available in India from October 7 at a starting price of Rs 60,000, the
US-based technology giant has said, while for the first time confirming the
India pricing of the gadgets at the launch event itself.


 The highly-anticipated latest iPhones with advancements such as stereo
speakers, water and dust resistance technology and wireless headphones were
launched by Apple CEO Tim Cook at a packed event in San Francisco yesterday.
 The California-headquartered company also unveiled the next generation Apple
Watch and updates to its App Store and operating system iOS10.
 As widely speculated, Apple also introduced 'AirPods', wireless headphones for
the new phone, eliminating the traditional headphone jack.
 "iPhone is the industry gold standard, the phone by which all other smartphones
are compared. The iPhone has become a truly a cultural phenomenon," Cook,
dressed casually for the mega-event, said.
 He said Apple has now sold over a billion iPhones, making it the "best selling
product of its kind in the history of the world".
 Announcing the new phone, Cook described the iPhone 7 as the "best iPhone that
we have ever created".
 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries
beginning September 16 and the products will be "available to customers in India
beginning October 7".
 The iPhone 7, with a 4.7-inch display, will cost USD 649 while the 5.5 inch
iPhone7 Plus will come at a price tag of USD 769. The models will be available
in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
configurations.
 The starting price would be Rs 60,000 for the 32GB iPhone model in India.
 "iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide
Marketing Philip Schiller said in his presentation.
 He said Apple has inculcated the advanced 'A10 Fusion' chip in the new phones,
"the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life
ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the
sound, all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone".
 The phones will also have an improved home button that lets users perform
different tasks by varying how hard they press it, the company said.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                    September 29, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Pre-Book Your iPhone 7 And 7 Plus Now On Flipkart

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 225  words


The pre-order starts at 11.59 PM, today, and you will have pay the entire amount
and not a part of it to pre-order.

We already know that Apple is all set to officially bring its newly launched
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus into India on Oct 7, and Flipkart is one of its partners.
However, with the actual date nearing, the good news is that, Flipkart is
accepting pre-orders for the new iPhones now, starting today.

Flipkart has launched a separate microsite for the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus where you can pre-order.

To pre-order, just visit the Flipkart homepage and you should be able to see an
'iPhone 7: Coming Soon' section, which you will have to click. Then, as of now,
the e-commerce portal is accepting your email address so that you can be
notified when the device is up for pre-order. However, it is being said that the
pre-order will be available from 11.59 PM today.

It is also being said that the user will have to pay the full amount of the
device during the pre-booking process, which is usually not the case. But, this
seems to be the case for the latest iPhones!

Speaking about the new iPhones' price tags, here is the list at which you can
purchase one in India:

iPhone 7 32 GB - INR 60,000

iPhone 7 128 GB - INR 70,000

iPhone 7 256 GB - INR 80,000

iPhone 7 Plus 32 GB - INR 72,000

iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB - INR 82,000

iPhone 7 Plus 256 GB - INR 92,000

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:32 AM GMT

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it;
Already people have spotted a huge issue which may put them off buying it

BYLINE: By Nicola Oakley

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 537 words


Last night Apple unveiled grand plans for its latest handset, the new iPhone 7,
in an event which was streamed live across the world.

The tech giant revealed its shiny new phone, which can be pre-ordered from
tomorrow, from San Francisco.

What's new? Well, the headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof
and there's also a new colour, 'jet black'.

iPhone 7 colours: Apple adds new 'Jet Black' shade to iPhone lineup - but
there's no blue option

More brooding iPhone fans have always had 'space grey' as a dark alternative to
the white handset, but this one is much darker and glossier.

However, eagle-eyed web users have noticed a disclaimer on Apple's frequently
asked questions which might put them off buying it.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

It turns out that the high-gloss finish of the new colour phone is more prone to
showing up scratches.

Apple explains: "Its surface is equally as hard as other anodised Apple
products, however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use.

"If you are concerned about this, we suggest you use one of the many cases
available to protect your iPhone."

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

So it might look pretty and shiny to begin with but could soon look scruffy
after being scratched a bit in your bag.

This means you'll have to hide your shiny new jet black phone away in a case
anyway.

It sports the same aluminium design, rounded edges but this time without the
iconic antenna lines and a high-gloss finish.

But the key feature in the iPhone 7 Plus is that, as expected, it is the first
to offer a dual lens camera.

That means there's now two 12MP cameras built in to the device; one has the wide
angle 12MP lens while the other is a telephoto lens.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?

Super Mario is coming to the iPhone App Store

This means users can create a zoom feature, via the camera app as before, but
now witha new 1X button above the shutter.

With this button you can just tap it and the photo jumps to a 2X optical zoom.

You can put your finger on to drag across to zoom from 1x to 10x, with much
better zoom quality than seen on the iPhone 6S.

Apple unveiled its new wireless earpods, which connect wireless to the iPhone or
Apple Watch automatically with one tap.

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8

Another one of the iPhone 7 Plus' most exciting feature is the iPhone's new
enclosure which is both water and dust resistant thanks to 'IP67 protection
standard' meaning it will be safe from water or dust if "the worst happens".

As for the display, Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus 's Retina HD display 25%
brighter than on the iPhone 6S Plus, while retaining the 3D Touch capability.

The iPhone 7 Plus also features a new home button that is more simple but more
powerful and customisable, Apple said. It's been re-engineered so it is now
"force-sensitive", meaning it works together with a new haptic engine to be more
responsive and creating a better feel, giving users unique haptic feedback
depending on how you're using it.

Carry on reading more about the iPhone 7 here .

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:26 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2776 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:26 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2776 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 6:32 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 481 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Have your say in the comments section below

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the iPhone
, which is otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: iPhone camera tips and tricks: how to take beautiful photos with your
iPhone 6s

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Starting Rs 60,000, Apple iphone7 in India from Oct 7

LENGTH: 697 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 8 -- Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available for iOS
lovers in India beginning October 7 - the last in the list of countries.

Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black),
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models,
starting at Rs 60,000.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple authorised resellers and select carriers, the Cupertino-based
tech giant announced on Wednesday.

Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus begins from September 9 and the shipping
will start from September 16 first in 25 countries and other countries a week
later.

All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with "Lightning
Connector" and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900, respectively.

"Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colours will be available starting at Rs 2,900 and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for Rs 8,900," the company said.

Lightning Docks in several colour-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for Rs 3,700.

iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus),
4.6-inch retina HD display, a new home button, 7 MP HD front camera and 12 MP
rear main camera, no traditional 3.5 mm headphone jack, iOS 10, A10 fusion chip
and and longest battery life to date.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever on an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers and wide colour system from camera to display.

The newly-launched Apple Watch Series 2 will be available in gold, rose gold,
silver or space grey aluminium, or silver or space black stainless steel cases
paired with a wide variety of bands starting at Rs 32,900.

The new ceramic Apple Watch Edition starts at Rs 110,900 from select Apple
authorised resellers and carriers.

Apple Watch Nike+ starts at Rs 32,900.

Apple Watch Series 1 will be available in gold, rose gold, silver or space grey
aluminium cases paired with a Sport Band and starts at Rs 23,900.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for Rs 15,400, beginning in late October in India.

AirPods require Apple devices running iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra.

Earlier, ending round-the-clock rumours that had sent the world of technology
into a tizzy for quite some time now, Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled stunning
devices at the jam-packed Bill Graham Civic Auditorium here.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing.

"The completely redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or
night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo
speaker system provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust
resistant iPhone," he told the gathering.

The 12MP camera includes optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus, and a larger AE'/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more
detailed photos and videos.

"iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone 7 and
adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at two
times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos," the company announced.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images.

Sophisticated technology including machine learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits, once possible only with DSLR
cameras, the company said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2016 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:38 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartphone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2458 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

A video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could be
the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:38 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartphone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2458 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

A video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could be
the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 10:16 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1693 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Read more: Apple to unveil iOS 10 at Worldwide Developers Conference in June

One of Apple's Taiwanese manufacturers, Catcher Technology, has revealed that
the company is working on an iPhone with an all-glass casing.

Allen Horng, chairman and chief executive of Catcher, told Asian media that the
glass iPhone would be expensive to create and would need to be reinforced by a
metal frame.

However, it is unlikely that this would be ready in time for the iPhone 7, as
Catcher will need to develop "advanced processing technology" to make the
device.

It is currently expected to be used on the iPhone 8, which will appear in 2017.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Apple to fix major design flaw with iPhone 7

LENGTH: 239  words


By tbreak Staff -

Rumors suggest that the iPhone 7 will be out in September, but if these rumors
are to be believed, you can also expect a massive design change.

Apple is reportedly doing away with the famous iPhone camera bump that made the
lens protrude from the body of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This design choice was
debuted in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus way back in 2014, and critics often compared
the phone to a wobbly bar stool when kept on a flat surface. However, with the
iPhone 7, the lens bump will be gone with the rest of the aluminum back, along
with the rear antenna lines as well. The same clean look will also make way to
the iPhone 7 Plus, but with a dual camera system as well.

iPhone 7 is not the next iPhone to be announced, because Apple might be coming
out with a smaller iPhone 5SE next month. This 4 inch iPhone, earlier called
iPhone 6C, is rumored to contrast with the flagship iPhone by combining the
iPhone 6S specs with a small hand friendly design that is closer to the iPhone
5S.

Apple is rumored to have a major event in March, and if the rumors are to be
true it will showcase a lineup of new phones, tablets and wearables: the iPhone
5SE, iPad Air 3 and new Apple Watch bands. If the 5SE is announced at the event,
it leaves just 7 months for the iPhone 7. Additional hints to the iPhone 7 might
also be visible with the iOS 10 beta expected in June.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/19/145451388028.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        May 24, 2016 Tuesday 5:14 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1606 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

New pictures have surfaced that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 597 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired: "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: " If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

Finally! Scientists create 'unbreakable' mobile phone screen

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times: "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica: "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal: "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME: "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes: Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge: "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization means
that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone 6S, the
iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 598 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired:  "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: "  If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

Finally! Scientists create 'unbreakable' mobile phone screen

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times:  "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica:  "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal:  "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME:  "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes:  Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge:  "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization
means that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone
6S, the iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 2:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7 colours: Apple's new handset could come in space blue, dark black and
'piano black' according to rumours;
Blue? Black? Shiny black? Which colour could you go for?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 347 words


Apple is due to finally unveil its iPhone 7 today, and the internet is awash
with rumours about the new handset's key features.

One question that many people are asking is what colours the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
will be available in.

The current iPhone 6s model comes in gold, silver, space grey and rose gold, but
various leaks have pointed to new colours for the iPhone 7.

According to well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who issued a
new research note on Saturday, the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver,
gold, rose gold, "dark black" and "piano black".

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics

Huo's prediction has been backed up by a photo reportedly taken in a Foxconn
factory, and leaked to Japanese site MacOtakara , which appears to show iPhone 7
SIM trays in five colours.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

However, other leaked photos suggest that Apple is also preparing to launch a
blue iPhone 7, which may mean a sixth colour option is on the cards.

Unbox Therapy has hands-on video, which is claims to show a prototype version of
the iPhone 7 Plus in a vibrant blue colour.

Meanwhile, a photo leaked to TrustedReviews by mobile accessories retailer
MobileFun.co.uk shows a lighter blue - or "space blue" - shade.

MobileFun.co.uk referenced "confirmed reports" that that Apple would launch a
blue iPhone 7.

The video above, from Tech Sathvik , also appears to show a blue colour variant,
as well as a matt black handet.

The iPhone 7 is expected to be unveiled at an Apple event later today in San
Francisco.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here , and you can
follow the announcement as they happen on our iPhone 7 launch live blog .

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Qatar News Agency (QNA) (English)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Ooredoo to Offer iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in Qatar

LENGTH: 179  words


Doha, September 09 (QNA) -Ooredoo today announced it will offer iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new
advanced camera system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system
and the A10 Fusion chip which is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone.

Customers can preorder iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday, 16 September
and both will be available in retail shops and online at ooredoo.qa. The iPhone
7 and iPhone 7s will be compatible with Ooredoo&rsquo;s latest Supernet
enhancement- Category 9 LTE-Advanced Standard, which enables customers to access
download speeds of up to 325Mbps. Ooredoo has a range of data plans available
for all budgets, ranging from QR 3 daily for 150MB on Hala, to QR 500 for
unlimited Shahry monthly data.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world&rsquo;s most advanced mobile operating system. iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available. (QNA)

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1281


                        Copyright 2016 Qatar News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, Samsung Galaxy S7, S6 and more: Top deals on premium
smartphones

BYLINE: Varun Sharma

LENGTH: 864  words


Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge: Best
online deals on the premium smartphones.

The festive season is on, and so are some of the best deals on smartphones this
year. The smartphone market has seen the launch of a few flagship devices like
the Apple iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, and has also seen the demise of another -
Samsung Galaxy Note 7. We went through the top three e-retailer websites in
India (Amazon, Snapdeal and Flipkart) to find you the best deals on flagship
phones - new and old, and the best offers you can get at the moment. We will be
focusing on phones from the three big tech giants - Apple, Samsung and Google.
Of course with the Note 7 out of the way, S7 and S7 edge are the flagships from
Samsung.

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, 6 deals

Apple last month launched its much awaited iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and the
devices landed on our shore on October 7. Of course, Apple has priced the
devices at a level that is higher than most other phones; even though it has
launched them at a slightly lower price than last year if you consider the
storage space has doubled.

However, the good news is that the older devices from the company have seen a
price cut after the arrival of the iPhone 7. The iPhone 5S is still retailing
near Rs 20,000, but remember this is a three year old device before you decide
to hit buy.

But if you prefer the small form factor of the 5S - the iPhone SE might be right
up your alley. The best deal on the 16GB variant of the SE is Rs 31,980 on
Amazon, which is also giving the best deal on the 64GB variant at Rs 39,212.

In you don't look too closely, the Apple iPhone 7 looks similar to the previous
two generations from the company. The 2014 launched iPhone 6 (16GB) is retailing
at Rs 36,990 on both Amazon and Flipkart, but the iPhone 6s (16GB) is now priced
at Rs 38,999 on Amazon and makes a much better deal.

Now it gets a little interesting, there is a Rs 8,000 difference between the
64GB version of both phones. The best deal on iPhone 6 (64GB) is Rs 41,999 on
Amazon, whereas the best deal for the iPhone 6s (64GB) is Rs 49,999 on Snapdeal
and Flipkart. In all honesty, 16GB of non-expandable storage on an iPhone is not
a good idea and it is recommended that go for the 64GB version with these
devices.

If however, you are in the market for the larger 5.5-inch version of the phone,
then the iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) will be the cheapest deal for you at Rs 40,145 on
Amazon. The best price of iPhone 6 Plus (64GB) is Rs 48,989 on Amazon, while the
best price of the iPhone 6s Plus (64GB) is Rs 59,999 on Flipkart. It is
important to know that even though the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus look like the 6s,
they are two year old devices. If your budget allows, try to go for the 6s or
the 6s Plus.

If buying older tech is not your style, the iPhone 7 might be a good fit for
you. The base variant of the iPhone 7 (32GB) is listed at Rs 60,000 on Amazon
and Flipkart. The phone currently shows "Coming Soon" on Flipkart even though
its available on Amazon, but remember that Flipkart is the official e-retailer
for Apple in India. Apple iPhone 7 Plus is currently unavailable across all the
three e-retailers, but is listed at Rs 72,000 (32GB) on Flipkart and is tagged
as "Coming Soon". You might have to try your luck online to get this phone.

Best offers on Samsung

If you are an Android fan and even more so a Samsung fan, you are likely upset
with the Galaxy Note 7 being axed for good. However, the Galaxy S7 and S6 are
still great offerings from the company unless you want to wait for the Galaxy S8
that is expected to launch in February.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge were launched earlier this year and are still the
best Android flagships. The Galaxy S7 (32GB) is available at Rs 43,400 across
all the three e-retailers, so you can choose any of them as per your liking. The
best deal on the Galaxy S7 Edge (32GB) is Rs 50,100, available on Amazon,
although Snapdeal and Flipkart have it listed at Rs 50,900 which is a slight
hike.

Just like Apple's iPhone 6, Samsung's S6 and S6 Edge are still good devices to
invest in as they will perform well. The best offer on the Galaxy S6 (32GB) is
Rs 33,700 which is available on Snapdeal, although Amazon has it at Rs 33,900.

But if you are looking for the larger S6 edge, then your best bet for the 32GB
is Snapdeal where it is priced at Rs 33,775, although Flipkart also has the
phone at Rs 34,900. The best deal on the 64GB variant will be Rs 40,499 on
Amazon, although Snapdeal also has it available for Rs 40,900. On Flipkart, the
pricing is higher at Rs 50,000.

Google Pixel devices

If you are tired of jumping between Apple and Samsung, Google's new Pixel and
Pixel XL might be something you were waiting for. Google has done away with the
'Nexus' name and the new devices are priced just as steeply as Apple and
Samsung's flagships. The phones launch in India October 13, but are already up
for pre-order on Flipkart.

Google Pixel 32GB is priced at Rs 57,000, while the 128GB variant is priced at
Rs 66,000. Google Pixel XL (32GB) will be available at Rs 67,000 and the 128GB
version will be priced at Rs 76,000. Flipkart is offering Rs 27,000 on exchange.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 20, 2016 Sunday 4:07 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, specs, features and price rumours about Apple's next
flagship smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1489 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Note: If you want to know about the iPhone Apple will be launching on March 21,
this is not it. Head over to our page on the iPhone SE to find out everything
you need to know about Apple's smaller, cheaper iPhone.

A new leak from Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7 Plus,
which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will feature
a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 19, 2016 Saturday 8:49 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, specs, features and price rumours about Apple's next
flagship smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1489 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Note: If you want to know about the iPhone Apple will be launching on March 21,
this is not it. Head over to our page on the iPhone SE to find out everything
you need to know about Apple's smaller, cheaper iPhone.

A new leak from Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7 Plus,
which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will feature
a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 18, 2016 Friday 12:40 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, specs, features and price rumours about Apple's next
flagship smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1489 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Note: If you want to know about the iPhone Apple will be launching on March 21,
this is not it. Head over to our page on the iPhone SE to find out everything
you need to know about Apple's smaller, cheaper iPhone.

A new leak from Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7 Plus,
which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will feature
a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 launch: Seven things that you need to know

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 303 words


It's just over 24 hours remaining for the new iPhone 7 launch. And the tech
world has gone into a frenzy, and for good reasons.

In the biggest smartphone launch of the year, Apple will unveil the iPhone 7 and
the iPhone 7 plus on Wednesday. It will, like always, be live-streaming the
launch.

Here are seven things that you need to know about the newest members of the
Apple family.

1.Venue: It's the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco that will be
hosting the grand event. Apparently, the auditorium has been jazzed up for the
biggest smartphone.

2.Chip: Preliminary reports suggest that the iPhone 7 will be powered by Apple's
new A10 chip offering a maximum clock speed of 2.4 GHz.

3.What's out: The tech major is likely to drop 16GB and 64GB models and add a
256GB variant. As a result, Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will come in
32GB, 128 GB and 256GB variants. Both the iPhones are also likely to get a RAM
boost.

4.Thin is In: If rumours are to be believed, Apple is apparently aiming to make
the iPhone 7 up to 1mm thinner. Tech wizards hint that it will perhaps do away
with the traditional headphone jack. Also, the iPhone 7 may finally reveal the
Apple's rumored wireless "AirPods" earbuds.

5.Water-safe: Dropped your phone into the sink? Chill! The new iPhones will be
water-resistant.

6.Picture-Perfect: There have not been too many complaints about the iPhone 6
camera. But things may get better with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Both
cameras will have 12-megapixel sensors.

7.Desi love: The good news is that we can expect the company to launch the
device in India before Diwali. This means you have to re-budget your Diwali
expenses.

All of the above information is speculative as nothing has been revealed
officially about the iPhone 7 by Apple so far.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 2:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7 colours: Apple's new handset could come in space blue, dark black and
'piano black' according to rumours;
Rose gold? Blue? Black? Gloss black? Which colour could you go for?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 347 words


Apple is due to finally unveil its iPhone 7 today, and the internet is awash
with rumours about the new handset's key features.

One question that many people are asking is what colours the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
will be available in.

The current iPhone 6s model comes in gold, silver, space grey and rose gold, but
various leaks have pointed to new colours for the iPhone 7.

According to well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who issued a
new research note on Saturday, the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver,
gold, rose gold, "dark black" and "piano black".

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

Huo's prediction has been backed up by a photo reportedly taken in a Foxconn
factory, and leaked to Japanese site MacOtakara , which appears to show iPhone 7
SIM trays in five colours.

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

However, other leaked photos suggest that Apple is also preparing to launch a
blue iPhone 7, which may mean a sixth colour option is on the cards.

Unbox Therapy has hands-on video, which is claims to show a prototype version of
the iPhone 7 Plus in a vibrant blue colour.

Meanwhile, a photo leaked to TrustedReviews by mobile accessories retailer
MobileFun.co.uk shows a lighter blue - or "space blue" - shade.

MobileFun.co.uk referenced "confirmed reports" that that Apple would launch a
blue iPhone 7.

The video above, from Tech Sathvik , also appears to show a blue colour variant,
as well as a matt black handet.

The iPhone 7 is expected to be unveiled at an Apple event later today in San
Francisco.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here , and you can
follow the announcement as they happen on our iPhone 7 launch live blog .

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 2:47 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2590 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 2:47 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2590 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 26, 2016 Monday 7:10 PM GMT

iPhone 7 drill hoax destroying handsets;
A video claims iPhone 7 users can get an audio port for their handset

BYLINE: By Scott Edwards

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


A video claiming new iPhone 7 owners can find a "hidden" 3.5mm headphone jack by
drilling into the bottom of their £600 smartphone has caused worldwide outrage.

The professional looking video which has received nearly 10 million views in
less than a week has caused havoc with iPhone owners across the world, as many
are assumed to have fell victim to this social media trick.

YouTube user Taras Maksimuk of TechRax seems to have tricked many people into
believing the headphone jack can still be found on the phone, if you drill a
3.5mm hole into the space which is now occupied by the iPhone's speakers.

The video shows Maksimuk putting his new iPhone 7 into a vice before taking to
the phone with a power drill and then "proving" his technique works by playing
music after plugging in his headphones.

The Californian based YouTuber is well known for 'Technological Pranks' in which
he 'destroys technology for the pleasure of others'. His other video's include
'Can the iPhone 7 survive in liquid nitrogen for 5 minutes?' and 'What happens
if you microwave an iPhone 7.'

Watch: Inside the new Apple store in Birmingham

The iPhone is the first edition of Apple's smartphone which doesn't feature the
3.5mm headphone jack, causing outrage of its own after the phone's reveal on
September 7.

Despite having a 3.5mm jack adapter with the phone at purchase, many seemed to
have gone through with the handset ending DIY.

First look at the expected iphone 7 features

AppleCare, the insuring company for iPhone's, has said they will not cover
drilled holes into their gadgets, leaving owners up to £800 out of pocket if
they choose to fall for the trick played by Maksimuk.

The comments section of the 'Secret hack to get headphone jack on the iPhone 7'
video, makes quite an entertaining read, littered with comments from people who
claim to have attempted the YouTuber's technique.

YouTube user peanutsz, is one who has claimed Maksimuk's video has lead him to
destroy his mothers iPhone:

"I DID THIS TO MY MOM'S PHONE AND IT BROKE! SHE HAS IMPORTANT BUSINESS ON HER
PHONE AND NOW SHE'S GONNA SUE YOU!!! STUPID A******"

Another user, Some Dude, said:

"WTF??? F*** you! My screen turned black the moment I started drilling and now I
can't even open it."

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers

User SuperWhitelizard has some strong wishes towards Maksimuk after apparently
performing the act on his phone too:

"You b******! Because of you, my new iPhone is broken now! You are such a
terrible human being, I lost so much money believing your video! I hope karma
finds you and you go to hell!"

The prank is the latest in a long line of iPhone user 'trolls' which has seen
software and hardware ending results.

Did you know the Birmingham Mail has a FREE app for your iPhone?Stay up to date
with all things Birmingham.

1. iOS 7 update will make your phone waterproof.

Many fell for believing that a software update would turn the iPhone itself
waterproof, again, this wasn't covered by AppleCare once people dropped their
phone into a bucket of water.

2. Microwaving your iPhone 6 will extend your battery life.

Another iPhone ending prank which saw people put their iPhone into a microwave
with hope it would extend their battery life.

3. crashsafari.com

Not an iPhone ending joke, but crashed a many people's iPhone's back in January.
Social media links hiding the URL crashsafari.com would crash people's iPhone's
after making them exit their Facebook or Twitter app and redirecting them to
Safari, Users would have to turn their handset off before regaining control of
their phones.

4. Happy New Year, 1970.

A software ending bug which caused havoc again in early 2016. Setting an
iPhone's date to January 1, 1970. The date and time change would send the
software into a 'brick' state. The iPhone would crash rendering it completely
unusable and requiring a full factory reset from Apple, losing all the data on
the iPhone.

5. AppDestory for iOS

Installing this App through the App Store claimed users would be able to cut
their iPhones with a knife and it wouldn't leave a scratch. Needless to say,
those who underwent the kitchen-knife surgery on their phone had damaged
handsets which were refused repair by the end of it.

Apple store

Have you got an iPhone 7? What do you think of it? Let us know in the comments
below

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                October 7, 2016

Airtel to offer iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus in India

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 219  words


NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel has announced it will offer iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
the best, most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera
system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10

Customers can order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in
retail shops and online at http://www.airtel.in.

:iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users can enjoy 10 GB free 4G/3G data per month for
one year with any Airtel Infinity postpaid plan. The free data benefit will be
over and above the plan benefits. Over the duration of one year, iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus users on Airtel Infinity plans will get additional 120 GB 4G/3G
data," the company said in its statement.

Airtel Infinity postpaid plans offer unlimited voice calling - local, STD, and
on national roaming - along with bundled 4G/3G data, SMS and free subscription
to Wynk Music and Wynk Movies. For details visit
http://www.airtel.in/myplan-infinity.

"Customers can now enjoy the latest iPhone on India's leading mobile broadband
network with bundles of data and unlimited voice calling with our Infinity
plans," said Ajai Puri, Director Operations (India & South Asia), Bharti Airtel.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Zain KSA offers latest range of Apple models

LENGTH: 209 words


Zain

RIYADH: Zain KSA has launched iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, described as the best,
most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and
water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 fusion chip, which is
the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life
ever in an iPhone.
Customers can order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now at retail shops and online.
Both were made available to pick up at Zain retail stores from Saturday.
Zain customers who purchase iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will enjoy a great mobile
experience on its advanced 4G LTE network, with features, including VoLTE and
WiFi Calling, which are stated to be only available on Zain in the Kingdom and
elsewhere in the Middle East.
Customers who subscribe to Zain's Xtra package can get iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus at unbeatable prices with a wide range of benefits, including 1TB of data,
2,400 local call minutes, 300 international call minutes and 512 MB of roaming
data.
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus,
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/96/147478333717.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:15 AM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, launch video and everything you need to know
about Apple's latest handset;
Pre order date revealed for Apple's newest handset

BYLINE: By Josh Parry

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 712 words


Apple has unveiled its latest smartphone - the long-awaited iPhone 7 .

As with anything surrounding the California-based tech giant - the internet was
full of rumours ahead of the launch, but this time most of them turned out to be
true .

The new handset is waterproof , and the 'plus' model comes with an impressive
dual-lens camera - which is capable of taking SLR-style photographs. A new
version of iOS will also launch soon.

Another rumour which turned out to be true is the controversial decision to drop
the iPhone's headphone socket - meaning you'll now have to use
lightning-connected headphones or bluetooth headphones instead.

They've also waved goodbye to the 16gb and 64gb models - introducing a new 256gb
model.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 on September 7 at an event in San Francisco.

UK customers will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday, September 9
and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday, September 16.

It's no secret that Apple devices cost a pretty penny - and the iPhone 7 isn't
going to be the one to buck the trend.

Here are the prices for buying the phone outright:

iPhone 7

32gb option - £599

128gb option - £699

256gb option - £799

iPhone 7 plus

32gb option - £719

128gb option - £819

256gb option - £919

Of course - most people buy the phones on a contract, which means they pay it
off monthly. There's been no word on contract prices from around the UK yet.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are protected
against dust and can be immersed in water up to a depth of 1m.

That means your phone will be fine if you spill a drink on it or drop it down
the loo - but you can't go swimming with it.

It is the first time Apple has ever released a water-proof phone, after rivals
Samsung introduced them to their lines.

The most controversial announcement from yesterday's event is the lack of
headphone socket .

Both new models will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into the
charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people who
have shelled out on expensive analogue headphones.

If a lightning-connected set of headphones doesn't sound like your bag - then
Apple also unveiled Airpods.

Airpods, which are essentially wireless headphones, connect via bluetooth to
stream your music and calls.

They come in a wireless charging box, which will charge the Airpods for 24hrs
without needing to connect them to a mains adaptor or USB port.

You can also charge the Airpods and their charging box at the same time.

Just don't come crying to us when you splash out £159 on new Airpods and then
lose them.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus look very much like Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 plus - but
there are subtle differences.

New colours have been introduced to the line up, meaning the iPhone now comes in
silver, gold, rose gold, black (matte) and 'jet black' which has a high-gloss
look.

The jet black model will only be available on the 128gb and 256gb models.

The body of the phones are made from aluminium, and come with a 4.7" retina HD
display, and a 5.5" display.

Everton fans may be disappointed - as the speculated blue coloured iPhone did
not make an appearance at the keynote.

One major gripe with the iPhone range is the battery life - but Apple is hoping
to solve that with the iPhone 7.

The iPhone 7 range comes with an extremely efficient A10 chip - meaning the
phone runs 3x faster than the iPhone 6 and uses just half the power.

It means that the battery life on the iPhone 7 lasts up to two hours longer than
the iPhone 6s, and the iPhone 7s plus' battery up to an hour longer than the
iPhone 6s Plus.

Selfie lovers will be pleased to know that the iPhone comes a new camera system.

The iPhone 7 will have a 12-megapixel wide angle lens, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models.

The 'truetone' flash has four LEDS.

If, however you prefer your phone a bit larger, the iPhone 7 plus comes with TWO
cameras.

It has a telephoto camera - which means it can use optical zoom - as well as a
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera.

A software update due later in the year will mean the iPhone 7 camera can
capture depth-of-field photos, which separate the background from the foreground
to achieve amazing portraits.

Your Instagram feed will be on fleek.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics;
If you like snapping photos on nights out, this feature could make the iPhone 7
a lot more appealing

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 569 words


New iPhone 7 details emerged this week - just days before Apple's big event in
San Francisco today - where the company is widely expected to unveil its next
flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by AppleInsider , also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

The iPhone 7 is expected to be unveiled at the 2016 Apple event in San Francisco
on September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:32 AM GMT

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it;
Already people have spotted a huge issue which may put them off buying it

BYLINE: By Nicola Oakley

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 534 words


Last night Apple unveiled grand plans for its latest handset, the new iPhone 7,
in an event which was streamed live across the world.

The tech giant revealed its shiny new phone, which can be pre-ordered from
tomorrow, from San Francisco.

What's new? Well, the headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof
and there's also a new colour, 'jet black'.

iPhone 7 jet black: Apple's latest smartphone adds a brand new colour to the
line-up

More brooding iPhone fans have always had 'space grey' as a dark alternative to
the white handset, but this one is much darker and glossier.

However, eagle-eyed web users have noticed a disclaimer on Apple's frequently
asked questions which might put them off buying it.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

It turns out that the high-gloss finish of the new colour phone is more prone to
showing up scratches.

Apple explains: "Its surface is equally as hard as other anodised Apple
products, however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use.

"If you are concerned about this, we suggest you use one of the many cases
available to protect your iPhone."

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

So it might look pretty and shiny to begin with but could soon look scruffy
after being scratched a bit in your bag.

This means you'll have to hide your shiny new jet black phone away in a case
anyway.

It sports the same aluminium design, rounded edges but this time without the
iconic antenna lines and a high-gloss finish.

But the key feature in the iPhone 7 Plus is that, as expected, it is the first
to offer a dual lens camera.

That means there's now two 12MP cameras built in to the device; one has the wide
angle 12MP lens while the other is a telephoto lens.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?

Super Mario is coming to the iPhone App Store

This means users can create a zoom feature, via the camera app as before, but
now witha new 1X button above the shutter.

With this button you can just tap it and the photo jumps to a 2X optical zoom.

You can put your finger on to drag across to zoom from 1x to 10x, with much
better zoom quality than seen on the iPhone 6S.

Apple unveiled its new wireless earpods, which connect wireless to the iPhone or
Apple Watch automatically with one tap.

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8

Another one of the iPhone 7 Plus' most exciting feature is the iPhone's new
enclosure which is both water and dust resistant thanks to 'IP67 protection
standard' meaning it will be safe from water or dust if "the worst happens".

As for the display, Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus 's Retina HD display 25%
brighter than on the iPhone 6S Plus, while retaining the 3D Touch capability.

The iPhone 7 Plus also features a new home button that is more simple but more
powerful and customisable, Apple said. It's been re-engineered so it is now
"force-sensitive", meaning it works together with a new haptic engine to be more
responsive and creating a better feel, giving users unique haptic feedback
depending on how you're using it.

Carry on reading more about the iPhone 7 here .

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

iPhone 7 arrives in Malaysia

BYLINE: Ng Min Shen

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 489 words


The iPhone 7 has landed on Malaysian shores, and as befitting one of the world's
most eagerly anticipated mobile devices, it was greeted by a palm-waving,
confetti-laden red carpet procession bearing all manner of regalia.

Well, perhaps not quite in those exact terms, but readers will surely have
experienced some of the hype surrounding the iPhone 7.

Malaysia's four major telecommunication providers, in no particular order,
namely Celcom Axiata Bhd, Maxis Bhd, DiGi.Com Bhd and U Mobile Sdn Bhd, brought
their A-game to ensure die-hard iPhone fans could get their hands on the product
last Friday, the day of its launch, or in some cases even the night before.

Maxis ran a 24-hour free delivery service for all preordered iPhones across some
100 locations nationwide, for the third year in a row.

DiGi held a sales party last Thursday night, complete with food and festivities,
allowing customers to purchase the phone at the first stroke of midnight.

Celcom gave away seven iPhones for RM7 each to its first seven customers in
line.

Meanwhile, a queue had formed outside of U Mobile's Sunway Pyramid outlet before
10am last Friday.

By noon, a similar, albeit much longer line had snaked around the front of Apple
reseller machines, located in the same mall.

Celcom CMO Zalman Aefendy Zainal Abidin said the telco was expecting positive
numbers for its iPhone 7 sales.

"We will most likely have more buyers for the iPhone 7 than the iPhone 6, as it
is common for new models to outperform previous models," he told the media at
the official launch last Friday.

"We received close to 1,000 pre-orders for the new iPhone models prior to the
launch on Friday," Zalman added.

Should one be interested in purchasing an iPhone 7 or 7 Plus through Celcom, the
telco has made available the FIRST iPhone 7 plan with 12GB of Internet data at
RM98 monthly and the FIRST Platinum plan with 18GB of data at RM128 monthly.

Maxis is offering the iPhone 7 through its MaxisONE Plan 128 with 10GB of data,
unlimited calls and SMS, followed by the MaxisONE 158 with 15GB of data and the
MaxisONE 188 with 20GB of data. The telco also allows for data pooling between a
primary line and its supplementary lines.

Meanwhile, DiGi offers the iPhone 7 through the DiGi Postpaid 98 and DiGi
Postpaid 148 plans, with 12GB and 15GB of data respectively.

As for U Mobile, customers can purchase the iPhone 7 via the U Mobile i90 and
i130 plans which offer 7GB and 10GB of data respectively.

Alternatively, the phone can also be bought directly from Apple stores, with
prices starting at RM3,199 for the iPhone 7 and RM3,799 for the iPhone 7 Plus.

Among the new features of the iPhone 7 include a dust and water resistant
design, an allnew advanced camera system, stereo speaker system and the A10
fusion chip.

The seventh edition of the mobile device has also rather controversially omitted
the presence of a 3.5mm earphone jack in favour of a wireless future.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                         May 2, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

More reports claim that iPhone 7 will come without headphone jack

BYLINE: Anja Prohaska

LENGTH: 238  words


New reports surfaced on the Internet this past weekend reiterating earlier
rumors that tech giant Apple plans to do away with the headphone jack on its
forthcoming 2016 iteration of the iPhone --- iPhone 7.

Interestingly, however, despite the fact that it has, of late been, widely
speculated that Apple will likely give the headphone jack a miss on the iPhone 7
handset, most of the reports have also been asserting that the elimination of
the headphone jack will not make the iPhone 7 any thinner than the
current-generation iPhone models.

The latest reports about Apple eliminating the headphone jack on its
next-generation iPhone 7 handset are chiefly based on the images leaked by a
Japanese magazine. According to the magazine's claims, the leaked images of
iPhone 7 are authentic.

The magazine has also apparently disclosed that the overall look of iPhone 7
will be quite similar to that of iPhone 6S handset. The iPhone 6S is thicker
than the iPhone 6 -- which at 6.9mm is the thinnest Apple iPhone ever - and the
increased thickness gives iPhone 6S more sturdiness.

Meanwhile, about Apple's decision to discontinue the headphone jack on iPhone 7,
well-known Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said that Apple will be breaking away from
tradition for this year's iPhone, so that it can introduce some radical design
changes to the 2017 iPhone -- iPhone 8 -- which will probably come with an OLED
screen without the physical home button.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 18, 2016 Friday 11:34 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, specs, features and price rumours about Apple's next
flagship smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1473 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Note: If you want to know about the iPhone Apple will be launching on March 21,
this is not it. Head over to our page on the iPhone SE to find out everything
you need to know about Apple's smaller, cheaper iPhone.

A new leak from Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7 Plus,
which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will feature
a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 launch: Apple releases 7 and 7 Plus priced at $649 and $769;
Apple iPhone 7 launch today: Tim Cook took to the stage today with the world
abuzz about what Apple will unveil this time. After launching the new Apple
Watch, Tim Cook announced the launch of the iPhone 7.-- Delivered by Feed43
service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 563  words


Apple iPhone 7 launch today: Tim Cook took to the stage today with the world
abuzz about what Apple will unveil this time. After launching the new Apple
Watch, Tim Cook announced the launch of the iPhone 7. The colours the smartphone
will be available is in black, silver, gold and piano black. Also, there will be
two 12MP cameras (dual-cameras) built-in - one a wide-angle and other 56mm
telephoto. Schiller said "We are saying is this is the best camera we've made in
an iPhone." Not just the iPhone 7, Apple has also launched the iPhone 7 Plus, as
was widely expected to happen. According to Cook, "The reason Apple moved on was
staying ahead of the competitors and to do something novel." The iPhone battery
has approx 5 hours life on a single charge. That looks quite short.

The new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are water-resistant and have a force
sensitive home button. They have a A10 Fusion processor, with 4-core processor
with 3.3 billion transistors.

In one of the most eagerly awaited events from Apple, CEO Tim Cook launched the
Apple Watch 2 Nike+ and priced it at $369. At the same time, he said the
previous model will get a new Series 2 processor and will be called Apple Watch
Series 1 and its price will be cut to $269.

John Hanke, CEO of "Pokemon" creator Niantic Labs, says the idea is to allow you
to focus more on your surroundings and not the phone while playing. It's coming
later this year. He revealed that the game has been downloaded more than 500
million times, and those who have played it have collectively walked 4.6 bn kms.

The iPhone jack has been migrated to the Lightning port now and will no longer
have the old system. This was done to make the handset slimmer as well as
waterproof it. After getting rid of the headphone jack, Apple has provided an
adapter for those buyers who love their older headphones and don't want to move
to the new. In fact, Apple said that the intention always was to move to the
Lightning port as it was designed, in the first place, for digital audio. Also,
Apple unveiled new wireless headphones and named them 'AirPods' and these will
replace the lovable old ear-buds. No price was revealed for the same though.
Also, Apple has slapped stereo speakers on each side of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. The thing is that this has made the port longer. If you want to listen to
music, you can't charge, presumably.

As far as India is concerned iPhone 7 and iPhoen 7 Plus will launch on October
7. PRICE IN INDIA: Simply converting currency gives a sum of Rs 43,067 for
iPhone 7 and Rs 51,030 for iPhone 7 Plus - however, the pre-event price being
bandied about was Rs 62,500.

PRICES WORLDWIDE: While iPhone 7 is priced at a starting $649 for 32GB, iPhone 7
Plus has a starting price of $769 for 32GB variant and the others made available
are 128GB and 256GB. Pre-orders from September and shipping from September 16.
The new AirPods are quite costly at $169.

Apple Inc. COO Jeff Williams discussed the Apple Watch during a media event in
San Francisco, California, US.

What has also been revealed is that the Mario video game is coming to Apple
iPhones. The game was not part of Apple's repertoire. The price was not
revealed. The reason behind the missing game was that Nintendo itself was
unwilling to take to cell phones.

As far as the markets are concerned, the stock is quite flat as the markets have
not reacted so far.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 4:20 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1602 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Read more: Apple to unveil iOS 10 at Worldwide Developers Conference in June

New pictures have surfaced that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

MacRumours tweet

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

Unbox vid

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 06:09 AM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: 'actual' renders; 3 not 2 versions; 4
never-going-to-happens

BYLINE: Paul McNamara

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 904  words


Click for image

No one has ever mistaken me for a gadget guy, but the regular author of our "
iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup" is unavailable this week so into the breach I step. I do
carry an iPhone 5s, but, truth be told, there is close to zero chance that I
will be upgrading. Nonetheless, in addition to genuine iPhone 7 rumors I intend
to offer here a few suggestions that could conceivably up my upgrade odds.

Behold 'exclusive' renders

The language used by Apple sites to convey the fruits of their rumor farming is
an art form in and of itself. Take this headline from GSM Arena: "Exclusive:
Apple iPhone 7 renders appear." Exclusive is self-explanatory, though at times
less than accurate. The interesting use here is "appear," as in out of thin air.
This wasn't the case at all.

[MORE: They said the iPhone would flop.]

From the post:

We received exclusive Apple iPhone 7 renders from a reputable source in the
case-making business. The renders you see ... are based on actual 3D technical
drawings of the upcoming iPhone 7. However, colors and materials are not
official but made up.

"A reputable source," standard fare. "Not official but made up?" Elegantly
transparent.

What might get me interested: A camera that guarantees my photographs will not
come out sideways or upside-down, even if I'm doing it wrong and even if I'm too
lazy to Google whatever workarounds will be left in comments.

Three new iPhones better than two

Our own indefatigable IonApple blogger Yoni Heisler this week flagged a report
by Mobipicker, whose stamina I am unfamiliar with, which carried this jam-packed
headlined: [Exclusive] iPhone 7 to Have Three Variants Including "Plus" and
"Pro" Models, Production Started at Pegatron and Foxconn.

Now math is not my strong suit, either, but even I know that three iPhone models
instead of two means 50% more unit sales if you don't bother to give the matter
much thought.

[MORE: Steve Jobs and his gadgets in LEGOs]

Our guy Heisler called the three iPhone possibility "intriguing," but he was
more taken by a rumored feature of the new iPhone(s).

Of course, the most noteworthy iPhone 7 tidbit, based on initial reports, is
that Apple's next-gen iPhone will completely abandon the traditional 3.5mm
headphone jack and will instead rely upon the device's Lighting Port for audio.
While such a move would improve overall sound quality, it would also require
users with traditional headphones to use an adapter of some sort. Whether or not
consumers will find this to be a frustrating experience remains to be seen.

I would ask the headphone users in my house but they are outside playing at the
moment.

What might get me interested: A security mechanism that will prevent my children
from ever touching my iPhone for any reason whatsoever when it is charging on
the kitchen island.

iPhone 7 has Verizon on edge

The iPhone 7 hasn't been officially announced yet though it is already being
blamed for all manner of shortcomings, including sluggish sales on existing
iPhones at Verizon. From a Fortune report.

"Upgrades are very slow right now," (CFO Fran) Shammo said speaking at the
MoffettNathanson investor conference in New York. Given Apple's usual cycle of
releasing a new iPhone in the fall, "customers are waiting to see what's
potentially coming in the fourth quarter," he explained.

But when asked point blank if the arrival of the next iPhone, which some have
dubbed the iPhone 7, will prompt all the delayers at Verizon to upgrade en
masse, Shammo was non-committal.

"I'm not sure yet," Shammo replied, adding it would depend on whether the new
iPhone represented a "dynamic change."

Given that the naysayers have Apple teetering on the brink of ruin, one would
expect a measure of dynamism as the starting point for iPhone 7.

[MORE: The day the first iPad arrived]

What might get me interested: A remedy for this First World Problem involving
the iPhone's thumb-print reader that was featured in our Geek-Themed Meme of the
Week series.

After iPhone 7

We don't want to get ahead of ourselves here, but the iPhone rumor mill couldn't
care less what we want. The mill says an iPhone with a glass casing is on tap
after iPhone 7, based on the musings of an executive whose company would not
profit from that development. From an Independent report:

But Allen Horng, CEO of Catcher Technology, said that the company will still be
able to supply products to some of the phones - while apparently confirming that
Apple will bring in the glass design.

"As far as I know, only one [iPhone] model will adopt glass casing next year,"
Mr Horng said after the annual shareholder meeting on Thursday, according to
Nikkei. "I don't think this move will have an impact on Catcher's revenue as
glass casing still needs a durable metal frame which requires advanced
processing technology and would not be cheaper than the current model."

A glass casing most assuredly will not get me to upgrade.

[MORE: Your neighbor built a fake Apple store]

What might get me interested: The phones I bought for my children cost $60
apiece. If the iPhone 7 costs $60 you can put me down for four, and not only
will I again be a cool carrier of the latest iPhone, my shopping will be done
for the kids' upcoming birthday.

What are the odds?

Welcome regulars and passersby. Here are a few more recent buzzblog items. And,
if you'd like to receive Buzzblog via e-mail newsletter, here's where to sign
up. You can follow me on Twitter here and on Google+ here.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 1:16 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 459 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing, thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the
iPhones, which are otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 customers complain of defects -

LENGTH: 552 words


A customer sets up his new iPhone 7 Plus at the Apple Store on Michigan Avenue
in Chicago. / AP-YonhapBy Yoon Sung-won

The much-hyped iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have been embroiled in controversies around
the globe after reports of multiple hardware defects, Wednesday, less than a
week after its release.

Apple, which is expecting boosted sales from the new iPhone as rival Samsung
Electronics is struggling over its Galaxy Note 7 battery problem, may face a
tougher road ahead.

In particular, complaints have surfaced about a 'hissing' sound that is
occasionally heard from the application processor when the handset is
overloaded.

According to a report by U.S. online media Apple Insider, Saturday, multiple
users of the iPhone 7 and larger iPhone 7 Plus are complaining about the hissing
sound. Though such a noise is heard from desktop computers or laptops, it is a
rare case on smartphones, it said.

The exact reason for the noise has yet to be confirmed; but rumors are that
Apple's A10 processor, which debuted with the new iPhones, makes it if it fails
to cool down properly from an overload.

Apple said it will replace certain iPhones with the problem but has not released
an official comment.

'The noise issue can be critical to the device because the application processor
is the most important part of a handset,' an industry source said.

The new iPhones' imperfect waterproof function has also been pointed out.

Multiple critics argued that the new iPhones should be called 'water-resistant,'
not waterproof, comparing them with Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 series and
Note 7, which have an IP68-grade waterproof function and thus do not break
underwater. The new iPhone models have an IP67-grade function, which is one step
lower than that of the Galaxy smartphones.

Apple stated on its website that the warranty of the new iPhones does not cover
device damage caused by them being water-soaked.

'Added to Apple's infamously stingy after-sales service policy, the imperfect
waterproof function may further disappoint iPhone users,' the industry source
said.

Despite the alleged hardware defects, the new iPhones are selling well,
especially in the U.S. market. The first shipments have been sold out and there
is a severe shortage of products with the new jet-black finish.

According to T Mobile CEO John Legere, pre-orders for the new iPhones have
almost quadrupled compared to those of the iPhone 6 two years ago. Sprint also
said the volume of pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have increased
by more than 375 percent, compared to that of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus last
year.

The major U.S. telecom companies have launched an unprecedentedly aggressive
free replacement marketing program for the new iPhones. Under a two-year
contract, they offered a 32-gigabyte iPhone 7 handset in exchange for an iPhone
6 or an iPhone 6s.

According to market research agency Strategy Analytics, Apple's U.S. smartphone
market share remained at 24.5 percent, losing the top perch to Samsung
Electronics with 32.7 percent. This is the first time Apple has recorded a
market share below 25 percent since the 20.9 percent in the third quarter of
2011.

Meanwhile, Samsung Electronics started the Galaxy Note 7 replacement program
Wednesday, following the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission's official
recall issuance.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      July 27, 2016 Wednesday 2:45 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, picture leaks and the latest news about
Apple's next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2368 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may have already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 12, or a week earlier.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      July 27, 2016 Wednesday 2:45 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, picture leaks and the latest news about
Apple's next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2368 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may have already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 12, or a week earlier.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 10:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, leaked pictures and all the latest rumours
about Apple's next smartphone;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2372 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of the ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 10:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, leaked pictures and all the latest rumours
about Apple's next smartphone;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2372 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of the ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

When is Apple iPhone 7 launch date, what time does launch event start, live
streaming online;
Apple iPhone 7 Launch: Apple will launch it's latest smartphone iPhone 7
tomorrow on September 7. The event will be hosted by Apple in San Francisco at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 645  words


Apple iPhone 7 Launch: Apple will launch it's latest smartphone iPhone 7
tomorrow on September 7. The event will be hosted by Apple in San Francisco at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium.

Apple will launch the latest smartphone iPhone 7 tomorrow on September 7. The
event will be hosted by Apple in San Francisco at the Bill Graham Civic
Auditorium. The latest iPhones will likely be called the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. Apart from the smartphone, Apple may also launch the new Apple Watch, but
its name is yet not disclosed. There have been many reports and rumours about
the new iPhone for a long time, and when Apple announced the event date, there
were subtle hints answering the speculations about the launch of the new iPhone
7.

It is unlikely that the tech giant will showcase anything related to the latest
MacBooks, though they haven't been refreshed for a while. Apple is expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus with improved camera features and hardware
upgrades yet the design will likely be the same as in iPhone 6 and 6S. Here are
all the answers to the queries like: When to watch the iPhone event live, where
to watch, what time does the event start in India and which devices can you
watch it on.

September 7, that is tomorrow, is the date when Apple will launch its iPhone 7.
The event will start at 10.00 PDT or Pacific Daylight Time. In India, the time
of the event will be around 10.30 pm, and might go late into the night.

Viewers having an Apple device can watch the key events live on its official
website Apple.com. For the website, Apple uses an HTTP Live Streaming (HLS)
technology. People who have any of the company's devices like the iPhone or iPad
among others will be able to live-stream and watch on its Safari browser but
only if the device runs iOS 7.0 or later.

For Mac users, Safari browser needs to be 6.0.5 or above or OS X v10.8.5 or
above. Users of Apple's television, the Apple TV, will be able to stream the
event directly on the screen. Software 6.2 is needed for Apple TV 2nd and the
3rd generation or will have to have the Apple TV 4th gen.

Apple has decided to lo longer be exclusive to the iOS or the Mac platforms. One
can watch the event on the Microsoft Edge browser on their PCs or Mobile
devices, that have the Windows 10 OS. Although Youtube does not show the event
live, but Apple uploads the whole event at a later time.

Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco will host the launch event. Not
everybody can enter the event as it will be an invite-only event, which includes
the media and other attendees whom the company has invited.

There have been many speculations about Apple's launch of the new iPhone. The
new smartphones are expected to be called- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. there
have been minor rumours and leaks about Apple's decision to name the phone as
iPhone 6SE which will be a special edition as they might not have changed much
from the previous versions. Apple will likely unveil the new variant of the
Apple Watch. The Watch will run on WatchOS 3, along with a GPS support and
improved power. According to the leaks, new versions of the MacBook Air might
also be unveiled but the chances are less.

There are some notable features in the Apple's new iPhone including a dual
camera at the rear end on the costlier Plus version. There will be no headphone
jack according to reports and instead, will have an extra set of speakers. The
new iPhone will likely come in the 32 GB, 128 GB, and 256GB variants according
to the leaks. More developments are expected in the Force Touch Display as well.
There might also be a change in the Home button. And as usual is the case, Apple
might bring in some surprising new features.

There have been no leaks or rumours on this, and as India is generally not among
the first countries to get the iPhone, we might have to wait for a while, at
least for another month.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartphone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2372 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of the ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartphone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2372 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of the ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartphone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2374 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 8:45 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2638 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 8:45 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2638 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 15, 2016 Monday 9:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2638 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 9, 2016 Tuesday 4:56 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2638 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 9, 2016 Tuesday 4:56 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2638 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 3:29 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 466 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Have your say in the comments section below

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the iPhone
, which is otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 2:37 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 467 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing, thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Have your say in the comments section below

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the
iPhones, which are otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     February 3, 2016 Wednesday 1:41 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating design
flaws;
Will Apple correct these two annoying design flaws that have been driving iPhone
6 and 6s owners to despair?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 467 words


Apple's forthcoming iPhone 7 will correct two of the iPhone 6's most irritating
design flaws, according to a new report.

When Apple first unveiled the iPhone 6 in 2014, some customers complained that
the camera lens, which sticks out from the back of the device by around a
millimeter, prevented the device from lying flat on a table.

Apple claimed that the protruding camera was a necessary trade-off, allowing
Jony Ive's team of designers to cram advanced optics into the iPhone 6, making
it the "best smartphone camera ever".

As a result, the same design flaw was carried over to the iPhone 6s, which
launched in 2015.

But now MacRumors is reporting that the camera on the upcoming iPhone 7 will sit
flush with the rear casing, thanks to a thinner camera module, citing "a source
who has provided reliable information in the past".

This means there will no longer be a camera "bump" on the back of the device.

Have your say in the comments section below

Recent rumours suggest that Apple is planning to equip the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus with a dual-lens rear camera, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will include a
more traditional camera.

MacRumours also reports that, for the iPhone 7, Apple is planning to remove the
white plastic bands across the back of the the current generation of iPhones,
reinforcing previous rumours.

Some customers complain that these white bands ruin the aesthetics of the
iPhones, which are otherwise entirely encased in aluminium and glass.

However, they are necessary because radio waves struggle to penetrate metal, so
the plastic strips allow mobile signals to reach the antennas.

Read more: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's iPhone 7

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

The rumoured removal of these bands suggests that the body of the next iPhone
may not be made from metal at all, but some other kind of material.

The iPhone 7 is not expected to be unveiled until September 2016, but there are
already plenty of rumours that give hints about what Apple is planning.

Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof and dustproof, and
feature a higher resolution display, faster processor, and wireless charging.

It has also been suggested that Apple might ditch both the 3.5mm headphone jack
and the iconic Home button, to make more room inside for a bigger battery, while
keeping the device as slim as possible.

Losing the headphone jack would be a particularly contentious move, as it would
force users to abandon potentially expensive headphones in favour of those with
an Apple-approved Lightning connector.

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       July 19, 2016 Tuesday 12:13 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, pictures and all the latest news about Apple's
next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2119 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Excitement for the next version of the iPhone 7 is increasing with each new
"leak" appearing on the internet.

The latest example is a video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that
matches up the new iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 19, 2016 Tuesday 12:13 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, pictures and all the latest news about Apple's
next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2119 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Excitement for the next version of the iPhone 7 is increasing with each new
"leak" appearing on the internet.

The latest example is a video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that
matches up the new iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Juha Saarinen: Apple"s fresh hot chips

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 1001 words


iFixit and their friends Chipworks have as always done a great job of totally
taking apart the new waterproof iPhones, down to the chip level.

A surprising amount of chips from Intel, the electronics giant usually seen as
having missed the mobility train, are assembled into the new iPhones, Chipworks
found. There"s 256GB storage now for the top end models, and 3GB of RAM in the
iPhone 7 Plus, and 2GB in the smaller iPhone 7 for storing and processing large
files.

Extra memory notwithstanding, the new three-billion transistor A10 Fusion Apple
designed chip with two low-power and two performance cores, performs just as
well in in the iPhone 7 as it does in the iPhone 7 Plus.

As long as the iPhone 7 doesn"t get too hot, that is.

Its smaller case dissipates less heat than the iPhone 7 Plus"s large enclosure,
and as a result, the 7 tends to throttle down earlier.

Long story short, if you like mobile gaming, the iPhone 7 Plus is the device for
you - the larger screen also makes for a nicer gaming experience.

Geekbench 4.0 scored the A10 Fusion at 3,473 for single-core, and 5,603 for
multi-core on iOS 10.0.1.

My guess is that the 12.9-inch iPad Pro will be upgraded first, and get a
wide-colour gamut screen as well.

That"s faster than the iPad Pro 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch, not to mention the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus; none of the devices that are built with Apple"s previous
A9 silicon ever feel slow though, and should keep you happy for two more years
at least.

It is also faster than the 2,745/5,219 Geekbench 4 score a 2016 MacBook with 8GB
RAM manages, which tells you the A10 Fusion is no slouch.

That said, the GFXBench Metal games benchmark saw the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus race
ahead with quite some margin, with over 50 per cent better frames rates in some
tests. So yes, demanding games might warrant an iPhone upgrade (if you have deep
pockets).

Added to the hardware mix, there"s also an nearfield communications (NFC) chip
which will become more useful when Apple Pay lands in New Zealand with ANZ next
month.

It"s a reasonably safe bet that the A10 Fusion chip will make it into an updated
iPad Pro fairly soon, running at a faster clock frequency to wring out
additional performance. My guess is that the 12.9-inch iPad Pro will be upgraded
first, and get a wide-colour gamut screen as well.

Revealing rip it up

The iFixit teardown revealed what Apple replaced the 3.5mm phono jack with: a
new, large Taptic Engine for the Home button which isn"t an actual button. The
Taptic Engine buzzes the Home button area, simulating the feeling of when you
depress a real mechanical and it"s very realistic.

Making it even more of an engineering tour de force, the Home "button" features
the Touch ID fingerprint scanner. This is able to read recorded fingerprints
fast and accurately, despite the Taptic Engine buzzing the Home button at the
same time.

The non-mechanical, immovable Home button means there"s one thing less to wear
out on the iPhone 7, and it helps with the waterproofing of the device as well.

Apple has a bit more work to do with the iPhone 7 Home button though: with iOS
10, you press the Home button and don"t swipe the screen to unlock an iPhone.

This works, but it"s too easy to invoke Siri currently, instead of unlocking
iPhone. There is a way to return to the old behaviour, when you rest your finger
on the Home button to wake up the iPhone: it"s hidden under
General/Accessibility part of Settings.

The non-mechanical, immovable Home button means there"s one thing less to wear
out on the iPhone 7, and it helps with the waterproofing of the device as well.
But, the Home button is capacitive, which means only your naked finger can
trigger it. Poking at it with pens or gloved fingers won"t work on the iPhone 7
as it did on iPhone 6.

What about the second "speaker grille" though at the bottom of the device where
the 3.5mm jack uses to be? Well, that grille had lots of people fooled into
thinking it hid a second speaker, because the iPhone 7 is now stereo sound
capable.

That grille hides a barometric sensor that works out the air pressure around
you, to determine the height you"re at. Yes, it"s waterproof too.

The stereo sound is achieved with the top earpiece speaker instead. This works
pretty well, with decent channel separation and loudness. You"re not ever going
to use the iPhone 7 as a party boombox, but the sound is heaps better than the
iPhone 6s, with the 7 Plus being the best thanks to its larger size.

If the goal is to simplify the iPhone 7 design, make it more robust and sealed
against dust and moisture, doing away with the SIM card would be a natural thing
to do.

Apple has apparently fixed those notorious wireless Bluetooth device pairing
problems, with the W1 chip that goes into headsets. That"s great news, but
there"s very little detail yet as to how the W1 chip works, how it speaks to
iPhones, and if it"ll make things sound better.

What"s next for the iPhone?

What"s left for Apple then, to add in the iPhone 8 or 9? One thing that I
expected to appear for the iPhone 7 was wireless charging. This seemed like a
natural feature to add if you remove the 3.5mm phono jack, making it impossible
to charge and listen to music via the Lightning port at the same time, unless
you buy another adapter.

Wireless charging is available for the Watch, but maybe Apple thought using pads
that have to be in contact with devices isn"t right for iPhones? I"m sure we"ll
find out soon.

The built-in Apple SIM (subscriber identity module) that"s available for iPads
and which lets you buy plans and switch providers in the Settings app didn"t
make it to the iPhone 7 either.

Again, if the goal is to simplify the iPhone 7 design, make it more robust and
sealed against dust and moisture, doing away with the SIM card would be a
natural thing to do, but no, not this time. Maybe the telcos put their
collective foot down on this?

Dumping the SIM tray and rearranging stuff inside the case might create enough
space to have three cameras on the next iPhone too, with a further lens.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 29, 2016 Friday 12:40 PM GMT

iPhone7: Release date, price, picture leaks and the latest news about Apple's
next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: LIFESTYLE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2271 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may have already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 12, or a week earlier.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the (EURO)869 and (EURO)979 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Latest iPhone models avaliable at Mobily shops

LENGTH: 188 words


Mohammed Al-Belwe

RIYADH: Mobily started offering iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, described as the
best, most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system,
dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 fusion chip,
from Saturday. The chip is claimed as the most powerful chip on any smartphone
while delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone.
Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available at Mobily retail shops.
"Mobily is committed to offering customers innovative and unprecedented
services, including prepaid and postpaid packages that take advantage of our
fast 4G network," said Mobily's Executive General Manager of Corporate
Communications Mohammed Al-Belwe.
"With the launch of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Mobily, we are continuing that
legacy by offering these incredible smartphones to our valued customers," he
added.
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, "the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system."
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/91/147478333811.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus may sport 3GB RAM: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


NEW DELHI: A RAM boost seem to be in the offing for Apple's next-generation
iPhones, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus . According to a report on Chinese website
DigiTimes, the the upcoming iPhones will sport 3GB RAM.The report, however, does
not clarify if both the models will have the increased RAM or only the larger (
iPhone 7 Plus) model.According to the report, the memory chip industry in Asia
is expected to see growth in 2016 as many next-generations smartphones including
iPhones are likely to see an increase in inbuilt-memory. "Increasing built-in
memory capacity at next-generation smartphones, including new iPhone devices,
will further ramp up demand for memory products in the third quarter, said
sources, noting that the mobile DRAM capacity of the next-generation iPhone is
expected to increase to 3GB from 2GB previously, while those for new Android
phones are expected to raise to 6GB from 4GB," says the report.The report
further adds that the move is expected to help the Dynamic Random Access Memory
(DRAM) industry further get back in shape. It also claims these RAM chips may be
costlier, leading to an increase in the costing of the final product.

The rise in price can also be due to the fact that so far the demand of these
memory chips is higher than the supply. Furthermore, the increase in SSD
technology used in laptops and PCs could also fuel up the demand of RAM memory
chips.Coming to the upcoming iPhones, there are also rumours that Apple may
launch three new iPhone models this September -- namely iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus
and iPhone 7 Pro. The 'Pro' version is supposed to come with dual camera setup.
Also, if the rumour mills are to be believed, the iPhone 7 will be offered in
Rose Gold, Champagne Gold, Silver and a new Space Black colour options. The new
colour variant replaces the Space Grey color option that was first introduced
with iPhone 5S.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Apple to launch three iPhone models in September: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


Apple fans, this September you may have to choose between not two but three new
iPhones (of course, those planning to buy the next iPhone). According to
rumours, courtesy a tipster on Chinese social networking website Weibo, Apple
will be launching a 'Pro' version of iPhone 7.First spotted by Pocketnow, the
rumoured iPhone 7 Pro will be premium version of the smartphone. It is said to
be $150 more expensive than the other two new models.This essentially means that
Apple will be launching iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro this
fall.However, there are no details available about what extra features that
iPhone 7 Pro may have. Rumours suggest that the model may come with dual-camera
set-up and wireless charging via smart connector (similar to the one in iPad
Pro).Some analysts are linking this to the three models that the company has for
its iPad tablets -- iPad mini, iPad Air and iPad Pro.Recently, a report in The
Wall Street Journal claimed that iPhone 7 is likely to sport the same design as
that of iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6s models.

The report, which cites 'people familiar with the matter', said that the
rumoured iPhone 7 will be arriving in two variants with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
displays. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s models too come in same screen sizes.The
major design change is expected to arrive in next year's iPhone model. Next year
would also mark the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone. Rumours suggest the
2017 iPhone to feature an edge-to-edge OLED display along with a fingerprint
sensor built over the display. The Home button is said to be completely removed,
said industry sources to the journal.The industry sources in the report add that
Apple's head of design Jony Ive's desire has been to shrink an iPhone to a
single sheet of glass. The 2017 iPhone design ideas are supposed to move the
smartphones in the same direction.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 18, 2016 Friday 10:50 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, specs, features and price rumours about Apple's next
flagship smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1286 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

A new leak from Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7 Plus,
which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will feature
a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 18, 2016 Friday 10:39 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, specs, features and price rumours about Apple's
next-generation smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1286 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

A new leak from Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7 Plus,
which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will feature
a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours.

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

This is the third variant of iPhone 7 that Apple is launching in 2016

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 253 words


NEW DELHI: There have been speculations about Apple launching not two but three
variants of the upcoming iPhone 7 this year. The third variant, speculated to be
called, iPhone 7 Pro, has now allegedly appeared in two photos spotted by the
Nowhereelse website.

The pictures claim to show iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone 7 Pro
side-by-side from the front and back.The images show iPhone 7 Pro featuring a
dual-camera setup at the back. In addition, the device also has smart magnetic
connector in the lower back panel. We assume it may be used specifically with
some battery accessory. Apple introduced similar magnetic connectors with iPad
Pro for its keyboard accessory.The images also contradicts KGI Securities
analyst Ming-Chi Kuo's previous statement claiming that the iPhone 7 Plus model
will feature a dual-camera setup. As in the images, both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus models sport a single camera at the back. From the front (image shared on
Weibo), all three variants appear to be the same, featuring large-screen bezels
on top and bottom along with the home button with Touch ID technology. Also, in
the picture while both iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro appear to be the bigger
version of iPhone 7. The dual-camera setup is widely rumoured to have been
manufactured by a company called LinX (acquired by Apple last year). The two
cameras are said to improve low-light photography, post-editing experience and
help in adjusting the focus on the subject and background.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Revealed! Prices of Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 15 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Apple's much talked about new device, the iPhone 7 is likely to launched in the
month of September as was with other iPhones in the past.


 And while it is about two months away from the rumoured launch date of the new
iPhones - iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro, their prices have been
reportedly leaked on Chinese site Weibo.
 Though the prices on Weibo were listed in Yuan, they approximately convert to
Indian rupee as given below.
 iPhone 7
 32GB model: Rs 52,880
 64GB model: Rs 60,880
 256GB model: Rs 70,880
 iPhone 7 Plus
 32GB model: Rs 60,880
 128GB model: Rs 68,880
 256GB model: Rs 78,880
 iPhone 7 Pro
 32GB model: Rs 70,880
 128GB model: Rs 78,880
 256GB model: Rs 88,880
 From the above, it appears evident and proved that Apple will be doing away
with the 16GB variant of the iPhone.
 But again, it appears that in the iPhone 7 Plus and Pro version, Apple will do
away with the 64GB variant too.
 While these are all rumours and leaks, one will have to wait for launch event
which usually takes place in September.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        June 27, 2016 Monday 5:24 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1676 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG .

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        June 27, 2016 Monday 5:24 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1676 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG .

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

No midnight launch for Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus in India?

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


NEW DELHI: Seems there will be no midnight launch for Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus in India this time. One of the biggest distributors for Apple devices in
India, Beetel Teletech Ltd has announced that it will launch the new iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus phones at 7pm on October 7, 2016. The new smartphones will be
available at the company's 2,000 retail locations in North and East regions
across the country. The company said that it will also be holding special launch
events across Delhi/NCR region at select locations.

Since past many years, the new iPhone models have been launched at midnight
(sharp 12am) in India, similar to iPhones' midnight launch events in the US and
some other geopgraphies. Another Apple distributor Rashi Peripherals too has
announced that it will start selling the latest iPhones from October 7 in India.
The company, however, has so far not disclosed the time when it will start sales
at its 1,000 locations across the country.The all-new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
come in three variants as per storage -- 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. The colour
options available include Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Black and Jet Black. The
company has replaced the Space Grey colour variant with its new aluminium-finish
Jet Black and mirrorless-finish Black variants.Though there's not much change in
design terms in the new iPhones, the antenna lines, which previously ran across
the back panel on top and bottom of the devices, now run on the sides giving an
overall cleaner look. Another new feature is water and dust-proofing, courtesy
the IP67 rating. The models also have a new Home button which is now touch
sensitive and uses a new Taptic engine for better response.The handsets, as
rumoured before, have 3.5mm headphone jack replaced with the Lightning
port-based connectors. On display front, iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD
display while the iPhone 7 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch Retina HD display. iPhone
7 packs 12MP rear camera with f/1.8 aperture, 6 Element lens, 4 flash LEDs and
flicker sensor. There's also an Image signal processor to apply machine learning
to distinguish between a human and an object in the image and adjust its
brightness and noise.While iPhone 7 features a single 12MP rear camera, its
big-screen variant iPhone 7 Plus comes with two 12MP rear camera with 2x optical
zooming capability up to 56mm. Both sport a 7MP FaceTime camera for selfies and
video chats.Talking about the performance, the two iPhone 7 handsets are powered
by quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor. The processor has two high-performance
cores and two high-efficiency cores for a longer battery life and a new 6-core
GPU which is 50% faster than the A9 processor.Last but not the least, there are
also stereo speakers with high dynamic range.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple's dual-camera iPhone 7 Plus has wide-angle and 'telephoto' snappers

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 326 words


The freshly unveiled iPhone 7 and 7 Plus handsets see Apple overhaul its onboard
cameras. The highest-end model, the iPhone 7 Plus, gets dual 12MP wide-angle and
telephoto cameras, with optical zoom at 2x and a 10x digital zoom.

Apple is out to hit hard with its iPhone 7 cameras, lining up its latest
handsets as references in the field of smartphone photography. The brand's
position as a cameraphone leader has waned over the last few years due to
technological progress from the likes of LG (which already released a
dual-camera handset with the G5) and Huawei (thanks to its partnership with
Leica). This time, Apple is out to impress with cameras offering particularly
high performances thanks to the image signal processor (ISP) built into the new
A10 Fusion chip. This claims to process over 100 billion operations on a single
photo to speed up and improve focusing and color quality.

Compared to the iPhone 6s, the iPhone 7 offers up to three times longer exposure
times. At its widest-angle setting, the sensor receives up to 50% more light and
four dedicated LEDs make the flash 50% brighter. This should make it easier to
take decent-quality photos in low light. The iPhone 7 rear-facing 12MP camera
can film high-res video in resolutions up to 4K (over eight million pixels) and
supports HD (1080p) slow-mo video. It has a 6x digital zoom.

The iPhone 7 Plus pairs the wide-angle camera from the iPhone 7 with a second
12MP telephoto camera. These work together to offer a 2x optical zoom and a 10x
digital zoom.

Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models have been treated to a new 7MP
front-facing camera for snapping sharp selfies with rich colors. This should
also improve image quality for FaceTime.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available to preorder from Friday, September 9,
2016, and are set to ship from September 16. Prices start at $649 for the iPhone
7 and $769 for the iPhone 7 Plus.
Check out the iPhone 7 in this video: youtu.be/Q6dsRpVyyWs

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Grofers Promises To Deliver The iPhone 7 On The Launch Day

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 224  words


You can pre-book Apple's latest phone from the grocery store's app.

Online grocery store Grofers offering Apple's latest phones via its app. The
shop claims that it will be the first one to deliver the iPhone 7 duo at the
time of launch. The pre-booking for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have already
begun and the deliveries are supposed to commence on 7th October 7 pm onwards.

If you wish to own the latest iPhone before anyone else, this service saves you
from queuing up in front of the Apple reseller stores. You can secure the
variant of your choice for paying Rs 2000. You will then have till 5th of
October to re-evaluate your decision. Such a big amount can be used on more
important stuff after all. Anyway, after making up your mind, you can confirm
the order on 5th of October and pay the balance amount. Grofers will then make
sure that you receive the latest iPhone on its launch day. Grofers offered
similar service during the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch last year. So, the
company knows how to pull off such deliveries.

Before you pull the trigger, do check out the details on the iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus by clicking here. The pricing information is as follows:

* Phone 7 Plus 32 GB - 72,000

* iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB - 82,000

* iPhone 7 Plus 256 GB - 92,000

* iPhone 7 32 GB - 60,000

* iPhone 7 128 GB - 70,000

* iPhone 7 256 GB - 80,000

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:10 PM GMT

Apple launches waterproof iPhone 7 with new camera and wireless AirPods;
New colours, faster processor and longer battery life for the smaller iPhone 7,
and dual-cameras on the back for the iPhone 7 Plus - but as predicted, the
headphone jack is no moreApple iPhone 7 launch event: key points at a
glanceApple Watch series 2: GPS, waterproofing and faster processingSuper Mario
Run: Nintendo running game to launch with Apple's iPhone 7

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1263 words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, its next generation smartphones,
which have a similar aluminium look but now waterproof with new insides, new
pressure-sensitive home button, new dual-camera features and no headphone
socket.

The Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, took to
the stage at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco to announce the
iPhones. They are the first to launch with the company's latest iOS 10 software
for iPhone and iPad, with improved notifications and fun messaging features.

The biggest change to the new iPhone, however, is the removal of the universal
3.5mm headphone jack, which used to be cut into the bottom of the smartphone and
is common to almost all forms of audio-producing electronics. Instead, Apple
hopes users will embrace the Lightning port, which is commonly used for power
and file transfers, for audio, or wireless headphones such as those made by its
Beats brand.

Lightning connector headphones and a Lightning to analogue adapter will be
provided in a box.

Schiller said: "Apple EarPods are the most popular headphones in the world. Now
we're moving them to Lightning. Why? Because it provides digital audio, power,
and many other advantages that are simply not possible over an analogue
connection.

"The analogue headphone jack has been with us for a very long time. But the
reason to move on is courage. The courage to move on and do something new that
betters all of us."

Apple also announced a new set of its EarPod in-ear buds, this time without the
cable, called AirPods, which it hopes will ease the transition from the
headphones port.

Bluetooth headphones are widely available in a range of prices and capabilities,
and have become popular in the past two years, but truly wireless in-ear buds
have struggled to overcome the technological constraints of short battery life
and weak connectivity. Several new models released this year from companies such
as Motorola, Bragi and Samsung hope to solve those problems.

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing, said: "Up until now
no one has taken on the challenge of fixing the things that are difficult to do
in the wireless experiences so we can all enjoy them. So that's what we're doing
with the Apple AirPods."

AirPods will be $170 and available later in October. Apple's headphone brand
Beats will also release new wireless models.

Faster A10 Fusion chip

As with all previous iPhone updates, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have faster, more
powerful processors - the Apple A10 Fusion replacing the A9 from last year's
iPhone 6S - with the outside of the new smartphones seeing subtle changes in
design.

The new quad-core A10 Fusion processor will have 120 times the performance of
the original iPhone and Apple says it will also extend battery life through
improved power efficiencies.

Apple reckons that the iPhone 7 will get on average, 2 more ours of battery life
than the iPhone 6S.

The iPhone 7 comes in new gloss black colour and has hidden the previously
visible antenna lines on the back marking a couple of a handful of small visual
tweaks to the new phones over predecessors. The new iPhone is also now
waterproof to IP67 standards, bringing it into line with rivals from Samsung and
others.

The home button has also been tweaked to use a similar pressure-sensitive
technology as Apple's MacBook trackpads and the 3D Touch screen of the iPhone
6S, which simulate movement using a small vibrating sensation when pressed
without actually depressing. The new button will allow further gesture control
and could pave the way for the button to be removed entirely in subsequent
version of the smartphone.

For many, the home button has been one of the weak points of the iPhone,
requiring replacement which has proved tricky due to the fingerprint sensor and
secure chip hidden underneath.

Plus dual-camera

The iPhone 7 will also have an improved camera system to keep up with rivals.
The iPhone used to have the best camera in the business, but the iPhone 6S faced
stiff competition from not only Samsung, but HTC, LG and rising star Chinese
firm Huawei.

The camera now has a faster, larger 12-megapixel sensor, a faster f1.8 lens for
better low-light photography and an enhanced true-tone flash. All versions of
the iPhone will now have optical image stabilisation, not just the larger Plus
models.

The update will see a new dual-camera fitted to the back of the larger iPhone 7
Plus - one 12-megapixel telephoto lens and one 12-megapixel wide-angle lens -
similar to those fitted to LG's G5. Both Huawei and LG have released smartphones
in the last year using two cameras on the back to varying degrees of success.

Apple allows optical zoom now up to 2x with both lenses, using digital zoom to
go beyond. A free update also allows users to blow out the background using both
lenses to judge distance and create a bokeh effect, similar to software effects
produced by rivals.

Schiller said: "On a dSLR you can move lens elements to zoom with a large lens.
But on a phone you can't do that. So we're using two cameras and two lenses to
do the same. The quality of the zoom, even with software zoom, is so much better
than before we decided to push it up to 10x."

The iPhone 7 will be available in four colours starting on 16 September at $649
for 32GB of storage - increased from last year's 16GB base storage with 128GB
and 256GB options. The iPhone 7 Plus will cost from $769, again with 32GB of
storage. The jet-black models will be 128GB and 256GB variants only.

Last year's iPhone 6S, 6S Plus and the iPhone SE will be still available, now
starting with 32GB of storage. The iPhone upgrade programme will also be made
available in the UK.

Tick, tock, tock?

Until now, Apple's smartphones have had a complete redesign every two years
according to its traditional release schedule, with improved processors and a
few new features every other year making up the "tock" in the cycle. Intel and
others also use the tick, tock product cycle, traditionally displaying improved
battery life on the tick.

The iPhone 6 was the tick, which means the iPhone 6S was the tock. The iPhone 7'
s use of the similar industrial design of previous iPhones plus new colours
bucks the trend, meaning the new iPhone could be considered as a second-such
tock. Whether improved specifications and a few new features, some of which will
come to 2015's iPhone 6S through software updates, will be enough to continue to
woo customers remains to be seen.

"Apple's biggest challenge is how to manage its large install base - the biggest
in the industry - and convince them to replace their smartphones and spend more
on services and in the company's ecosystem," said Francisco Jeronimo IDC's
research director for European mobile devices. "As we approach 80-85% smartphone
penetration, it's no longer about people buying their first smartphone but
attracting customers from rivals."

In the UK, Apple is fighting a war with chief rival Samsung over the 20% of
users that switch between operating systems. It scored the most switchers with
the iPhone 6, which introduced new screen sizes, but now it must attempt to
convince users to upgrade from previous iPhones.


     ·    Does Apple really think we're ready to ditch the headphone jack?
     ·    The Chinese are coming. Samsung is steady. Apple's iPhone 7 has to
          impress
     ·    Bose QC35 wireless headphones: simply unrivalled noise cancelling
     ·    Marshall Major II Bluetooth headphones: they last for ages and sound
          great too


LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 leak: What you need to know ahead of launch

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE: Hyderabad


Hyderabad, Sept. 7 -- Before the launch of iPhone 7 today, here are seven things
that you need to know about the newest members of the Apple family.

1.Venue: It's the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco that will be
hosting the grand event. Apparently, the auditorium has been jazzed up for the
biggest smartphone.

2.Chip: Preliminary reports suggest that the iPhone 7 will be powered by Apple's
new A10 chip offering a maximum clock speed of 2.4 GHz.

3.What's out: The tech major is likely to drop 16GB and 64GB models and add a
256GB variant. As a result, Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will come in
32GB, 128 GB and 256GB variants. Both the iPhones are also likely to get a RAM
boost.

4.Thin is In: If rumours are to be believed, Apple is apparently aiming to make
the iPhone 7 up to 1mm thinner. Tech wizards hint that it will perhaps do away
with the traditional headphone jack. Also, the iPhone 7 may finally reveal the
Apple's rumored wireless "AirPods" earbuds.

5.Water-safe: Dropped your phone into the sink? Chill! The new iPhones will be
water-resistant.

6.Picture-Perfect: There have not been too many complaints about the iPhone 6
camera. But things may get better with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Both
cameras will have 12-megapixel sensors.

7.Desi love: The good news is that we can expect the company to launch the
device in India before Diwali. This means you have to re-budget your Diwali
expenses.

All of the above information is speculative as nothing has been revealed
officially about the iPhone 7 by Apple so far.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      June 22, 2016 Wednesday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1665 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG .

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post  , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      June 22, 2016 Wednesday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1665 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG .

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post  , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 26, 2016 Monday 7:10 PM GMT

iPhone 7 drill prank destroying handsets;
A video claims iPhone 7 users can get an audio port for their handset

BYLINE: By Scott Edwards

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 710 words


A video claiming new iPhone 7 owners can find a "hidden" 3.5mm headphone jack by
drilling into the bottom of their £600 smartphone has caused worldwide outrage.

The professional looking video which has received nearly 10 million views in
less than a week has caused havoc with iPhone owners across the world, as many
are assumed to have fell victim to this social media trick.

YouTube user Taras Maksimuk of TechRax seems to have tricked many people into
believing the headphone jack can still be found on the phone, if you drill a
3.5mm hole into the space which is now occupied by the iPhone's speakers.

The video shows Maksimuk putting his new iPhone 7 into a vice before taking to
the phone with a power drill and then "proving" his technique works by playing
music after plugging in his headphones.

The Californian based YouTuber is well known for 'Technological Pranks' in which
he 'destroys technology for the pleasure of others'. His other video's include
'Can the iPhone 7 survive in liquid nitrogen for 5 minutes?' and 'What happens
if you microwave an iPhone 7.'

Watch: Inside the new Apple store in Birmingham

The iPhone is the first edition of Apple's smartphone which doesn't feature the
3.5mm headphone jack, causing outrage of its own after the phone's reveal on
September 7.

Despite having a 3.5mm jack adapter with the phone at purchase, many seemed to
have gone through with the handset ending DIY.

AppleCare, the insuring company for iPhone's, has said they will not cover
drilled holes into their gadgets, leaving owners up to £800 out of pocket if
they choose to fall for the trick played by Maksimuk.

The comments section of the 'Secret hack to get headphone jack on the iPhone 7'
video, makes quite an entertaining read, littered with comments from people who
claim to have attempted the YouTuber's technique.

YouTube user peanutsz, is one who has claimed Maksimuk's video has lead him to
destroy his mothers iPhone:

"I DID THIS TO MY MOM'S PHONE AND IT BROKE! SHE HAS IMPORTANT BUSINESS ON HER
PHONE AND NOW SHE'S GONNA SUE YOU!!! STUPID A******"

Another user, Some Dude, said:

"WTF??? F*** you! My screen turned black the moment I started drilling and now I
can't even open it."

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers

User SuperWhitelizard has some strong wishes towards Maksimuk after apparently
performing the act on his phone too:

"You b******! Because of you, my new iPhone is broken now! You are such a
terrible human being, I lost so much money believing your video! I hope karma
finds you and you go to hell!"

The prank is the latest in a long line of iPhone user 'trolls' which has seen
software and hardware ending results.

Did you know the Birmingham Mail has a FREE app for your iPhone? Stay up to date
with all things Birmingham.

1. iOS 7 update will make your phone waterproof.

Many fell for believing that a software update would turn the iPhone itself
waterproof, again, this wasn't covered by AppleCare once people dropped their
phone into a bucket of water.

2. Microwaving your iPhone 6 will extend your battery life.

Another iPhone ending prank which saw people put their iPhone into a microwave
with hope it would extend their battery life.

3. crashsafari.com

Not an iPhone ending joke, but crashed a many people's iPhone's back in January.
Social media links hiding the URL crashsafari.com would crash people's iPhone's
after making them exit their Facebook or Twitter app and redirecting them to
Safari, Users would have to turn their handset off before regaining control of
their phones.

4. Happy New Year, 1970.

A software ending bug which caused havoc again in early 2016. Setting an
iPhone's date to January 1, 1970. The date and time change would send the
software into a 'brick' state. The iPhone would crash rendering it completely
unusable and requiring a full factory reset from Apple, losing all the data on
the iPhone.

5. AppDestory for iOS

Installing this App through the App Store claimed users would be able to cut
their iPhones with a knife and it wouldn't leave a scratch. Needless to say,
those who underwent the kitchen-knife surgery on their phone had damaged
handsets which were refused repair by the end of it.

Have you got an iPhone 7? What do you think of it? Let us know in the comments
below

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                       June 13, 2016 Monday 11:50 AM GMT

iPhone 7 release date and price - everything you need to know;
All the features, specs and latest rumours about Apple's smartphone for 2016

BYLINE: By Rebecca Koncienzcy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1604 words


If the rumours are right, a new iPhone is on the horizon and could hit stores
across the country this year.

Work on the new version of the iPhone is certainly underway and according to
tech pundits, it could have some controversial new features.

With the new iPhone 7, Apple will be hoping to keep up with the pace of top
brands like Samsung.

We have had a look through the latest predictions and comments from analysts and
even several leaked pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone
itself.

Let us know what you think in the comment section below

Mobile phone tech

Release date

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

Price

Let's face it, we know it is not going to be cheap and it definitely wont be any
easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Latest rumours

Iphone tweet 01

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Design

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

End of the Home button

iPhone tweet 02

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Dropping the headphone socket

iPhone tweet 03

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new
phonethat apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Specs

iPhone tweet 05

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

Camera

Will you be buying the new iPhone?

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post  , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

Waterproof iPhone

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics;
If you like snapping photos on nights out, this feature could make the iPhone 7
a lot more appealing

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 551 words


New iPhone 7 details have emerged just days before Apple's big event in San
Francisco on September 7, where the company is widely expected to unveil its
next flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by AppleInsider , also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

The iPhone 7 is expected to be unveiled at the 2016 Apple event in San Francisco
on September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 launch: Specs 'leaked' on Youtube channel, goes viral;
Apple's mega event to launch the new iPhones and other products is to take place
on Wednesday, September 7 at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco.--
Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 588  words


Apple's mega event to launch the new iPhones and other products is to take place
on Wednesday, September 7 at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco. To
ensure a wider public can tune in, Apple will live stream the event on its
website. From colour of the iPhone 7s to their waterproof status, all of them
have been speculated about, but the picture has been drawn too clearly by the
tech giant to leave any clues behind. Though with the time of the launch
nearing, speculations are running wild about the specifications and the new
upgrades in the phones. The new set of iPhones is most likely to be called the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The iPhone 7 could be a significant upgrade and it would help Apple gain market
share across countries. Data from Strategy Analytics shows the Cupertino, the
California-based giant has been losing market share to Samsung over the last
three-quarters. A report by Kantar Worldpanel shows Samsung was leading the
market in the US with a 16% share in the premium segment to Apple's 14.6%. Some
of that could change if the iPhone 7 turns out to be a hit; while the iPhone
6Plus had a new form factor, some of the models were only incrementally better
than the previous ones.Though the battery hiccups faced by the Samsung Note 7 is
most certainly an unexpected boost for the company. Meanwhile, Youtube Channel
EverythingApplePro has gone viral due to its regular updates about the Apple
event and the products that are to be launched. Everything ApplePro, on
September 4, reported that KGI analyst Ming-Chi Cow was back from a hiatus just
before the biggest tech event of the year and provided some very valuable
information. According to EverythingApplePro, the iPhone 7 will have the same
design as its predecessors; the camera bulge, the lack of antenna bands but more
importantly the headset jack is said to be missing. The new iPhone will be much
thinner and would have an actual speed of 2.4 GHz A10 chip, which is quite and
impressive speed in terms of numbers. There has been growth in previous iPhones
too, with every upgrade. For instance, there has been a growth of 65 bits in
multicores, but as far as GHz upgrades are concerned, this is the biggest
upgrade from an older phone to a new phone. we are looking a 550 MHz increase
from the Apple iPhone 6s to an iPhone 7.

Yes, the iPhone 7 would bring you a little close to having a DSLR in the pocket.

There are also two different rumours flying about two similar things; the
lightening earpods and the lightening airpods. It seems that it comes as a part
of the package but has to be selected while ordering the iPhone on the site.
there will also be an adapter in the package for the wired earpods.

It also clarified rumours about Dual speakers by saying that the other one might
just be for the show. We are definitely getting better sound but from just one
speaker. however it might also be an improved forced controller, so there might
be an entire sensor in that spot to improve the 3D touch on the display. So we
might be getting a 2nd generation 3D touch. A new proximity sensor might also
come in with the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus which would help to recognise
hand gestures.

The new iPhones have i PX 7 rating, which makes them somewhat water resistant,
though they are yet to achieve Samsung's level. Though the phone would not have
any dust resistance. Though it must be noted, that Apple never reveals any of
its specifications before the official launch, and so users will have to wait
for a little while longer.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:04 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date, UK release date and price revealed at Apple conference;
The brand new device has been unveiled - and it hasn't got a headphone jack

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 354 words


Apple have officially unveiled the iPhone 7 at their latest Keynote
presentation.

The tech company have branded the new headset "the best iPhone we have ever
made".

The new model features major upgrades, including a new camera, a water-resistant
design, and an upgraded A10 chip.

The unit features a high-gloss seamless finish, with no gap between the screen
and back casing, and comes in a variety of colours: jet black, gold, silver,
rose gold, and standard black.

Apple iPhone 7 vs 7 Plus | SpecOut

Controversially, the unit does not have a headphone jack - with the included ear
buds using the lightning connector.

Read more

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled early in Twitter blunder

However, Apple are including a lightning-to-mini-phono adapter with all iPhone 7
units for users to plug in their non-lightning headphones.

The cameras have been significantly upgraded, with a 12-megapixel sensor that's
60% faster and 30% more energy efficient than the 6s camera.

Low light photography has also been improved, while the front camera will shoot
in 7 megapixels.

Apple iPhone Series Over Time | SpecOut

The iPhone 7 Plus features a camera with two lenses - one wide-angle and one
tele-photo, allowing for advanced shooting features including depth-of-field
options and improved zoom.

The iPhone 7's retina display is 25% brighter than the 6s, while the unit
features a speaker at either end of the device.

Watch the evolution of the iPhone

It also features the longest battery life of any iPhone, lasting on average for
2 hours longer than the 6s.

Read more

Apple Watch Series 2 launch date, UK release date and price revealed

Apple's iPhone 7 launch: Release date, price and all the latest news and rumours

iPhone 7: Apple set to unveil latest smartphone as host of new features expected

Storage capacity for the device has been doubled, with the entry unit featuring
32GB of storage.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be launching on September 16, and will start from
approximately £486 ($649). Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 begin onSeptember 9.iOS
10 will launch on September 13.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     September 26, 2016 Monday 7:10 PM GMT

iPhone 7 drill prank destroying handsets;
A video claims iPhone 7 users can get an audio port for their handset

BYLINE: By Scott Edwards

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


A video claiming new iPhone 7 owners can find a "hidden" 3.5mm headphone jack by
drilling into the bottom of their £600 smartphone has caused worldwide outrage.

The professional looking video which has received nearly 10 million views in
less than a week has caused havoc with iPhone owners across the world, as many
are assumed to have fell victim to this social media trick.

YouTube user Taras Maksimuk of TechRax seems to have tricked many people into
believing the headphone jack can still be found on the phone, if you drill a
3.5mm hole into the space which is now occupied by the iPhone's speakers.

The video shows Maksimuk putting his new iPhone 7 into a vice before taking to
the phone with a power drill and then "proving" his technique works by playing
music after plugging in his headphones.

The Californian based YouTuber is well known for 'Technological Pranks' in which
he 'destroys technology for the pleasure of others'. His other video's include
'Can the iPhone 7 survive in liquid nitrogen for 5 minutes?' and 'What happens
if you microwave an iPhone 7.'

Watch: Inside the new Apple store in Birmingham

The iPhone is the first edition of Apple's smartphone which doesn't feature the
3.5mm headphone jack, causing outrage of its own after the phone's reveal on
September 7.

Despite having a 3.5mm jack adapter with the phone at purchase, many seemed to
have gone through with the handset ending DIY.

AppleCare, the insuring company for iPhone's, has said they will not cover
drilled holes into their gadgets, leaving owners up to £800 out of pocket if
they choose to fall for the trick played by Maksimuk.

The comments section of the 'Secret hack to get headphone jack on the iPhone 7'
video, makes quite an entertaining read, littered with comments from people who
claim to have attempted the YouTuber's technique.

YouTube user peanutsz, is one who has claimed Maksimuk's video has lead him to
destroy his mothers iPhone:

"I DID THIS TO MY MOM'S PHONE AND IT BROKE! SHE HAS IMPORTANT BUSINESS ON HER
PHONE AND NOW SHE'S GONNA SUE YOU!!! STUPID A******"

Another user, Some Dude, said:

"WTF??? F*** you! My screen turned black the moment I started drilling and now I
can't even open it."

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers

User SuperWhitelizard has some strong wishes towards Maksimuk after apparently
performing the act on his phone too:

"You b******! Because of you, my new iPhone is broken now! You are such a
terrible human being, I lost so much money believing your video! I hope karma
finds you and you go to hell!"

The prank is the latest in a long line of iPhone user 'trolls' which has seen
software and hardware ending results.

1. iOS 7 update will make your phone waterproof.

Many fell for believing that a software update would turn the iPhone itself
waterproof, again, this wasn't covered by AppleCare once people dropped their
phone into a bucket of water.

2. Microwaving your iPhone 6 will extend your battery life.

Another iPhone ending prank which saw people put their iPhone into a microwave
with hope it would extend their battery life.

3. crashsafari.com

Not an iPhone ending joke, but crashed a many people's iPhone's back in January.
Social media links hiding the URL crashsafari.com would crash people's iPhone's
after making them exit their Facebook or Twitter app and redirecting them to
Safari, Users would have to turn their handset off before regaining control of
their phones.

4. Happy New Year, 1970.

A software ending bug which caused havoc again in early 2016. Setting an
iPhone's date to January 1, 1970. The date and time change would send the
software into a 'brick' state. The iPhone would crash rendering it completely
unusable and requiring a full factory reset from Apple, losing all the data on
the iPhone.

5. AppDestory for iOS

Installing this App through the App Store claimed users would be able to cut
their iPhones with a knife and it wouldn't leave a scratch. Needless to say,
those who underwent the kitchen-knife surgery on their phone had damaged
handsets which were refused repair by the end of it.

Have you got an iPhone 7? What do you think of it? Let us know in the comments
below

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Apple to launch three iPhone models soon

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, June 28 -- Apple fans have to choose between not two but three new
iPhones in this September.

According to rumours, courtesy a tipster on Chinese social networking website
Weibo, Apple will be launching a 'Pro' version of iPhone 7.

First spotted by Pocketnow, the rumoured iPhone 7 Pro will be premium version of
the smartphone. It is said to be $150 more expensive than the other two new
models.

This essentially means that Apple will be launching iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and
iPhone 7 Pro this fall.

However, there are no details available about what extra features that iPhone 7
Pro may have. Rumours suggest that the model may come with dual-camera set-up
and wireless charging via smart connector (similar to the one in iPad Pro).

Some analysts are linking this to the three models that the company has for its
iPad tablets -- iPad mini, iPad Air and iPad Pro.

Recently, a report in The Wall Street Journal claimed that iPhone 7 is likely to
sport the same design as that of iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6s models.

The report, which cites 'people familiar with the matter', said that the
rumoured iPhone 7 will be arriving in two variants with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
displays. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s models too come in same screen sizes.

The major design change is expected to arrive in next year's iPhone model. Next
year would also mark the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone. Rumours
suggest the 2017 iPhone to feature an edge-to-edge OLED display along with a
fingerprint sensor built over the display. The Home button is said to be
completely removed, said industry sources to the journal.

The industry sources in the report add that Apple's head of design Jony Ive's
desire has been to shrink an iPhone to a single sheet of glass. The 2017 iPhone
design ideas are supposed to move the smartphones in the same direction,
according to news agencies.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

The iPhone 7 is expected to be slimmer, have a better camera but no headphone
jack

BYLINE: By Michelle Quinn, mquinn@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 656 words


When Apple executives unveil the iPhone 7 on Wednesday in San Francisco, a big
question will loom over the event -- will the new device be enough?

Enough that is, for current iPhone owners to say goodbye to their old phones and
clamor for a new one.

It is a critical time for Apple. iPhone sales, which make up more than
two-thirds of Apple's annual revenues, have been falling.

Its Apple Watch, which is expected to get an upgrade Wednesday, hasn't taken
off.

Sure there will be razzle-dazzle at the Apple event. There always is. It is
still the moment when the entire tech industry stops and pays attention. What
Apple announces can upend other firms' plans or create new opportunities.

Other than its business challenge, the company has become a political hot
potato, recently coming under fire in Europe for its large stockpile of money,
which Apple holds offshore rather than pay the U.S. corporate tax rate. The
European Commission's ruling that Apple owed Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes
has set off a firestorm in the U.S. over Apple, and other firms, which park
profits overseas.

But this week the question facing Apple won't be where its tax revenues should
go, but what did the firm do with the iPhone's headphone jack. What the new
iPhone reportedly won't have is already set to be the most newsworthy.

I hate to ask since consumer technology is supposed to be so exciting. But
except for tweens handed their first phone, are the rest of us getting a little
bored with our iPhones and other smartphones?

I ask, because Apple faces a double problem, both products of its success. The
iPhone lasts longer than it used to and the developed markets are saturated.

Many millions of users will update to the iPhone 7, because that's what
technology has trained us to do. Still, there are only a certain number of
people out there who feel they need to upgrade for a new shade of black or
better battery life. The rest will wait until our iPhones sputter and give up
the ghost, if that should ever happen.

What Apple reportedly has in store for its next phone, which is expected to be
called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, sounds mildly interesting.

There's supposed to be a few new colors (dark black and piano black, to name
two), improved camera technology for the larger model and more storage. There
may also be a home button that one doesn't push, but simply touches and feels a
vibration. The iPhone may be slimmer than prior models.

And then there's that missing headphone jack. Instead, iPhone 7 users will be
able to listen to music via the phone's Lightning cable port. (The new iPhones
will reportedly come with Lightning-to-headphone adapter as well as Lightning
EarPods.)

You know there will be some howling, because people hate change.

Rumors have it that the iPhone can be slimmer without the headphone jack and
that its absence also helps with waterproofing.

But there could be another reason. The firm reportedly has a new audio system in
the works for the next phone and Apple is trying to get its users ready for the
change.

The missing headphone jack move hearkens back to when Apple first came out with
the iPhone in 2007.

Missing from the brand new device was a traditional keypad with physical buttons
like a BlackBerry or a stylus like a PalmPilot. Some people thought Apple was
crazy to break from the standard design, but the company reinvented smartphones
with these changes.

Given what appears to be small upgrades to the iPhone, what Apple may be doing
this week is offering the iPhone 7 as a placeholder, something that those
needing an upgrade can have but nothing to really knock the socks off the entire
smartphone category.

Analysts predict that the company may be planning a major overhaul of the iPhone
next year for its 10th anniversary. Among the rumored changes is that iPhone
will be an all-glass device.

That could wake up the masses.

Contact Michelle Quinn at 510-394-4196 and Twitter.com/michellequinn.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by
Apple to announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill
Graham Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by Apple to
announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill Graham
Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
This Sept. 2, 2016, photo shows the earphone jack and charging port on an Apple
iPhone 6, in New York. Apple is getting ready to unveil new iPhones on
Wednesday, Sept. 7. With experts predicting few big changes from last year's
models, speculation has focused on Apple's rumored decision to eliminate the
iPhone's traditional headphone jack. It isn't clear what kind of hardware the
company will promote instead, but the answer could be a hint at some of Apple's
future plans. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

The iPhone 7 is expected to be slimmer, have a better camera but no headphone
jack

BYLINE: By Michelle Quinn, mquinn@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Columnists; Opinion;
Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 656 words


When Apple executives unveil the iPhone 7 on Wednesday in San Francisco, a big
question will loom over the event -- will the new device be enough?

Enough that is, for current iPhone owners to say goodbye to their old phones and
clamor for a new one.

It is a critical time for Apple. iPhone sales, which make up more than
two-thirds of Apple's annual revenues, have been falling.

Its Apple Watch, which is expected to get an upgrade Wednesday, hasn't taken
off.

Sure there will be razzle-dazzle at the Apple event. There always is. It is
still the moment when the entire tech industry stops and pays attention. What
Apple announces can upend other firms' plans or create new opportunities.

Other than its business challenge, the company has become a political hot
potato, recently coming under fire in Europe for its large stockpile of money,
which Apple holds offshore rather than pay the U.S. corporate tax rate. The
European Commission's ruling that Apple owed Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes
has set off a firestorm in the U.S. over Apple, and other firms, which park
profits overseas.

But this week the question facing Apple won't be where its tax revenues should
go, but what did the firm do with the iPhone's headphone jack. What the new
iPhone reportedly won't have is already set to be the most newsworthy.

I hate to ask since consumer technology is supposed to be so exciting. But
except for tweens handed their first phone, are the rest of us getting a little
bored with our iPhones and other smartphones?

I ask, because Apple faces a double problem, both products of its success. The
iPhone lasts longer than it used to and the developed markets are saturated.

Many millions of users will update to the iPhone 7, because that's what
technology has trained us to do. Still, there are only a certain number of
people out there who feel they need to upgrade for a new shade of black or
better battery life. The rest will wait until our iPhones sputter and give up
the ghost, if that should ever happen.

What Apple reportedly has in store for its next phone, which is expected to be
called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, sounds mildly interesting.

There's supposed to be a few new colors (dark black and piano black, to name
two), improved camera technology for the larger model and more storage. There
may also be a home button that one doesn't push, but simply touches and feels a
vibration. The iPhone may be slimmer than prior models.

And then there's that missing headphone jack. Instead, iPhone 7 users will be
able to listen to music via the phone's Lightning cable port. (The new iPhones
will reportedly come with Lightning-to-headphone adapter as well as Lightning
EarPods.)

You know there will be some howling, because people hate change.

Rumors have it that the iPhone can be slimmer without the headphone jack and
that its absence also helps with waterproofing.

But there could be another reason. The firm reportedly has a new audio system in
the works for the next phone and Apple is trying to get its users ready for the
change.

The missing headphone jack move hearkens back to when Apple first came out with
the iPhone in 2007.

Missing from the brand new device was a traditional keypad with physical buttons
like a BlackBerry or a stylus like a PalmPilot. Some people thought Apple was
crazy to break from the standard design, but the company reinvented smartphones
with these changes.

Given what appears to be small upgrades to the iPhone, what Apple may be doing
this week is offering the iPhone 7 as a placeholder, something that those
needing an upgrade can have but nothing to really knock the socks off the entire
smartphone category.

Analysts predict that the company may be planning a major overhaul of the iPhone
next year for its 10th anniversary. Among the rumored changes is that iPhone
will be an all-glass device.

That could wake up the masses.

Contact Michelle Quinn at 510-394-4196 and Twitter.com/michellequinn.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by
Apple to announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill
Graham Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by Apple to
announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill Graham
Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
This Sept. 2, 2016, photo shows the earphone jack and charging port on an Apple
iPhone 6, in New York. Apple is getting ready to unveil new iPhones on
Wednesday, Sept. 7. With experts predicting few big changes from last year's
models, speculation has focused on Apple's rumored decision to eliminate the
iPhone's traditional headphone jack. It isn't clear what kind of hardware the
company will promote instead, but the answer could be a hint at some of Apple's
future plans. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    The News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPNS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 25, 2016

Apple iPhone 7 Release Targeted For Sept. 16, Report Says

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 552 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/CLICK02_appl_072516_ap.jpg

Apple[ticker symb=AAPL] is looking to release its 10th-generation iPhone on
Sept. 16, prominent mobile phone news leaker Evan Blass said Saturday.

Apple was widely expected to launch its iPhone 7 in September, but the
VentureBeat reporter was the first to put a specific date on the release. Apple
usually holds a press event to announce its latest iPhone the week before its
release.

The iPhone 7 is seen as an incremental upgrade to the current iPhone 6S series
handsets. Apple is reportedly saving its big leap forward in innovation for next
year's iPhone 8, which will likely use an OLED screen and have a different
external design.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple has been a laggard on the stock market of late. The consumer
electronics manufacturer has an IBD Composite Rating of 28, which puts it in the
lower third of publicly traded companies in key metrics. More information on
Apple is available at the IBD Stock Checkup.

The iPhone 7 is already in production, and leaked photos show that it will come
in three models: the 4.7-inch iPhone 7, and two versions with 5.5-inch displays
-- the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro. The new high-end Pro model has a
dual-lens rear camera and Smart Connector, which allows connected peripherals to
simultaneously share power and data, Forbes reported. Other Apple watchers
believe the Cupertino, Calif.-based company might decide to release just one
5.5-inch model iPhone 7.

The iPhone 7 series is expected to be thinner than the current iPhone 6S models
because Apple is removing the analog headphone jack. People who want to use
headphones with the iPhone 7 will have to use either Bluetooth wireless headsets
or ones that connect to the digital Lightning port, according to media reports.

Apple stock ended the day down 1.3% to 97.34 on the stock market today, near 97
and testing its 50-day moving average.

[ibdchart symbol="aapl" type="daily" size="quarter" position="leftchart" ]

Apple's chief rival Samsung hopes to upstage its foe by launching its
next-generation phablet several weeks earlier. South Korea-based Samsung is
scheduled to unveil its Galaxy Note 7 on Aug. 2. Samsung's last Note smartphone
was the Galaxy Note 5, released last August.

Samsung is skipping the Note 6 and jumping right to the Note 7 to bring its
phablet naming in line with its flagship Galaxy S smartphone portfolio, the
company said.

Slow Smartphone Demand A Headwind

Overall sluggish smartphone demand remains a headwind for both Apple and
Samsung.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich on Monday said a June survey of 4,168 North
American consumers by 451 Research found smartphone buying interest at its
lowest level since 2008.

"The weakness likely extends globally," he said in a research report. Sales
channel checks in China have indicated a further slowdown in handset sales in
the June quarter and relatively weak 4G subscriber additions, Milunovich said.

The iPhone 7 could perform like the iPhone 6S in the U.S., he said.

The 451 Research survey found interest levels in the iPhone 7 similar to last
year's iPhone 6S. Only 8% were "very likely" and 17% "somewhat likely" to buy
the iPhone 7. That compares with a survey in June 2015 where 8% of respondents
were "very likely" and 16% "somewhat likely" to buy the iPhone 6S.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Beware! The price of iPhone 7 Plus could give you a heart attack

LENGTH: 159  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 20 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Apple's latest devices, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are finally available in
the market in about 30 countries much to the delight of its fans.


 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have been received with positive feedbacks from
most corners and was sold in short period when it first arrived to the market on
September 16.
 And while fans in India will have to wait for October 7 to lay their hands on
the new iPhones, what could be the breaking point could be the price of the
devices.
 While the price of the iPhone 7, 32GB variant has been revealed earliar at Rs
60,000, Apple has reportedly revealed the prices of the other variants of the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and fans are not likely to be very happy with it.
 As per reports, given below is the full price list of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.
 iPhone 7:
 32GB: Rs 60,000
 128GB: Rs 70,000
 256GB: Rs 80,000
 iPhone 7 Plus
 32GB: Rs 72,000
 128GB: Rs 82,000
 256GB: Rs 92,000

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Complete specifications list of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus listed here

LENGTH: 503  words


If you're confused about the specifications of both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
we have made things so much easier for you with these spec differences

For iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, it's important that you know the hardware
specifications of both smartphones so that you can judge your buying decision
based on the information that you see in the table below. Remember that iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus were waterproof, but did not receive any form of
certification. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on the other hand are IP67 certified.
What this means is that they will easily be able to withstand dust and a few
splashes of water, but that does not mean that you should dive into a pool while
you're gripping the phone.

These phones are not IP68 certified, so chances are that they will not survive
your little dive. Apple has retained the same screen size and resolution for its
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, but the company does state that the battery life has
significantly improved. It is because of the improved and efficient hardware, or
larger battery capacities, we cannot really tell at this point. Hopefully when
teardown experts get their hands on both smartphones, we'll get to know more
about these marvelous handsets.

Both phones do not come with a 3.5mm headphone jack and while that is a shame to
see, Apple has included its Lightning-based EarPods, along with a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter so you can plug in your earphones and headphones
too. Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is slightly more expensive than iPhone 6s Plus, but
it comes with more storage, so that's a win-win situation for you at least.

<table>  <tr><td>iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus</td><td>iPhone 7</td><td>iPhone 7
Plus</td></tr> <tr><td>Display</td><td>Retina HD display. 4.7-inch LED-backlit
display</td><td>Retina HD display. 5.5-inch LED-backlit display</td></tr>
<tr><td>Resolution</td><td>1334 x 750</td><td>1920 x 1080</td></tr>
<tr><td>Height</td><td>5.44 inches (138.3 mm)</td><td>6.23 inches (158.2
mm)</td></tr> <tr><td>Width</td><td>2.64 inches</td><td>3.07 inches</td></tr>
<tr><td>Depth</td><td>0.28 inch (7.1 mm)</td><td>0.29 inch (7.3 mm)</td></tr>
<tr><td>Weight</td><td>138 grams</td><td>188 grams</td></tr> <tr><td>Water
resistant</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr> <tr><td>Chipset</td><td>A10
Fusion</td><td>A10 Fusion</td></tr> <tr><td>Camera</td><td>All-new 12MP
camera</td><td>All-new 12MP dual camera</td></tr>
<tr><td>Cameraaperture</td><td>f/1.8</td><td>f/1.8</td></tr> <tr><td>Zoom
capabilities</td><td>Optical zoom at 2x; digital zoom up to 6x</td><td>Digital
zoom up to 3x</td></tr> <tr><td>Front camera</td><td>7MP</td><td>7MP</td></tr>
<tr><td>Camera aperture</td><td>f/2.2</td><td>f/2.2</td></tr> <tr><td>Battery
life</td><td>Up to 2 hours longer battery life than iPhone 6s</td><td>Up to 1
hour longer battery life than iPhone 6s Plus</td></tr> <tr><td>Available
colors</td><td>Gold, Silver, Black, Jet black</td><td>Gold, Silver, Black, Jet
black</td></tr>  </table>

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/93/147332990086.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      July 6, 2016 Wednesday 12:09 PM EST

iPhone 7 will offer twice as much storage as the iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 406  words


Click for image

Apple's iPhone 7 unveiling is just about two months away, and it still remains
to be seen if the device will offer any exciting new features. While some
sources from within the rumor mill have hinted that this year's iPhone refresh
cycle will be short on new bells and whistles, the optimists among us hope Apple
still has a trick or two up its sleeve come September.

In the meantime, iPhone users in the market for an upgrade can smile at the fact
that Apple with the iPhone 7 will finally be getting rid of its entry-level 16GB
iPhone model. While 16GB may have been more than sufficient back in the early
days of the smartphone era, it's decidedly lacking in today's age with 4K video,
high-resolution photos and an endless number of apps.

+ Also on Network World: iPhone 7 may come in three distinct models +

According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, the entry-level iPhone 7
model will feature 32GB of storage, a long-overdue improvement.

"The new iPhones are expected to have more storage for those photos," Joanna
Stern writes for the Journal. "Instead of 16GB as a starting point for the
entry-level iPhone, the new starting point will be 32GB, according to a person
familiar with Apple's iPhone plans."

That being the case, it stands to reason that Apple's mid-tier iPhone model will
sport 64GB of storage, while the upper tier model will come with 128GB of
storage. And while there have been rumblings that a 256GB model might make an
appearance, such rumors, for the time being, appear to be sketchy at best.

Aside from more storage, it's believed that the main selling point of Apple's
new iPhone models will be much improved cameras. Based on product leaks
circulating around the web, it seems as if the camera sensor on the iPhone 7
will be much larger than on the iPhone 6s. Additionally, leaks of a device
purporting to be the iPhone 7 Plus suggest that Apple's upper-echelon iPhone
model will include a dual-camera system that promises to deliver a huge leap
forward in photo quality.

Of course, the most controversial aspect of Apple's upcoming iPhone 7 centers on
the rumored removal of the device's 3.5mm headphone jack. Seeing as how the
headphone jack has quite literally been around for over 100 years, the move has
prompted a wave of debate and criticism. One can only hope that if Apple does
truly do away with the headphone jack, it has a superior alternative already
waiting in the wings.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple amps iPhone 7 production up by 10%: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


NEW DELHI: As per several online reports, Cupertino-based Apple won't be
bringing in many changes to its upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However,
the company seems to be confident with the sales of the two smartphones as it
has reportedly hiked their production volume.Digitimes, a tech portal, citing
sources from iPhone's supply chain in Taiwan reported that the company has
ordered a 10% increase in parts and components for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. Apple had originally expected the new iPhone shipments in 2016 to reach
only 60% as compared to that recorded last year.The website notes that iPhone 6s
shipments hit 30 million units a month on an average in the later half of 2015.
The company might have received a positive response for smartphones from
analysts because of which it is amplifying the their production.Apple will be
launching the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Wednesday . The company is also
expected to unveil its next-gen Apple Watch.The upcoming iPhone 7 is said to be
powered by an A10 processor paired with a 2GB RAM, while the larger iPhone 7
Plus might feature a 4GB RAM running on the same processor with a higher clock
speed.

In all probability, Apple will ditch the 16GB internal storage variant and
introduce a larger 256GB one.The iPhone 7 is also expected to bear a 12MP rear
camera coupled with a 5MP front-facing snapper. An 8MP front sensor is also
feasible, taking into account the current selfie trend among youngsters. As far
as the iPhone 7 Plus is concerned, one can expect a 16MP rear camera. The
handset is also rumoured to sport dual camera lenses.Both devices will be
released with the iOS 10, announced at WWDC 2016 conference in June this year.
Rumours also strongly suggest the devices to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack and
instead come with Bluetooth headphones or headphones with lightning connector
support.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple amps iPhone 7 production up by 10%: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


NEW DELHI: As per several online reports, Cupertino-based Apple won't be
bringing in many changes to its upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However,
the company seems to be confident with the sales of the two smartphones as it
has reportedly hiked their production volume.Digitimes, a tech portal, citing
sources from iPhone's supply chain in Taiwan reported that the company has
ordered a 10% increase in parts and components for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. Apple had originally expected the new iPhone shipments in 2016 to reach
only 60% as compared to that recorded last year.The website notes that iPhone 6s
shipments hit 30 million units a month on an average in the later half of 2015.
The company might have received a positive response for smartphones from
analysts because of which it is amplifying the their production.Apple will be
launching the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Wednesday . The company is also
expected to unveil its next-gen Apple Watch.The upcoming iPhone 7 is said to be
powered by an A10 processor paired with a 2GB RAM, while the larger iPhone 7
Plus might feature a 4GB RAM running on the same processor with a higher clock
speed.

In all probability, Apple will ditch the 16GB internal storage variant and
introduce a larger 256GB one.The iPhone 7 is also expected to bear a 12MP rear
camera coupled with a 5MP front-facing snapper. An 8MP front sensor is also
feasible, taking into account the current selfie trend among youngsters. As far
as the iPhone 7 Plus is concerned, one can expect a 16MP rear camera. The
handset is also rumoured to sport dual camera lenses.Both devices will be
released with the iOS 10, announced at WWDC 2016 conference in June this year.
Rumours also strongly suggest the devices to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack and
instead come with Bluetooth headphones or headphones with lightning connector
support.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bourne Local

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTLO


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Bury Free Press

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBFP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Diss Express

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDEP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Fenland Citizen

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MFCP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Grantham Journal

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGJP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Haverhill Echo

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHEP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Horncastle News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHNP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Louth Leader

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLOP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Lynn News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLNF


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Market Rasen Mail

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMRP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Melton Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMTP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Newmarket Journal

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MNJP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    The News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPNS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Peterborough Today

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: METP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Rutland Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRUT


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Skegness Standard

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSKP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Sleaford Standard

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSSP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Spalding Guardian

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSGP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Stamford Mercury

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSMP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Suffolk Free Press

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSFP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Review: How good is the iPhone 7 camera really?

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 1125 words


Finally, the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus arrived for an under the hood look at the
new hardware and features.

Like last year, Apple concentrated on photos and video. Engineers and management
at former mobile giant Nokia must be fuming: they saw that smartphone
photography was the future, and put together some pretty out-there devices like
the 808 Pureview with its crazy 41-megapixel camera.

There"s more to smartphone photography (and videography) than just excellent
cameras though. Nokia got just about everything else wrong, and Apple and
Android makers ate the Finnish company"s lunch long ago by providing more
complete and usable products.

Apple has continued to chip away at smartphone photography and that was the key
feature at the iPhone 7 launch recently.

Camera resolution for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is the same, 12 megapixel or four
megapixel more than the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. Using Camera+, I was able to see
that the exposure time can be varied between 30 seconds and 1/8000 of a second,
and the ISO sensitivity of the camera range between 25 to 1600.

The big news this time is that the iPhone 7 Plus comes with two cameras.

Naturally enough, with dual cameras and a large screen, the iPhone 7 Plus seems
like the iOS photographer"s choice. Why two cameras? You get great images with
with large sensors (and photo diodes) that capture lots of light, and the big
lenses that go with them.

Not even Apple"s mighty hardware and software engineering can change the laws of
physics though, and there are some head-hurting complications but suffice to
say, getting good pictures out of small cameras is really, really hard.

There are hard limits to how big anything on a smartphone can be however. Camera
lenses can stick out a little, but not be huge bumps at the back for instance.
This is why Apple (and other vendors like Huawei and LG) try to work around size
limitations with two lenses.

This approach solves some problems, like how to have multiple focal lengths
without bulky lenses. Not even Apple"s mighty hardware and software engineering
can change the laws of physics though, and there are some head-hurting
complications but suffice to say, getting good pictures out of small cameras is
really, really hard.

For camera geeks, the moderately wide-angle 28mm (35mm equivalent, the actual
focal length is 3.9mm) imaging unit that"s on both the 7 and 7 Plus uses a
six-element lens with a bright f/1.8 aperture to gather more light for the
1/3-inch sensor.

There is also optical image stabilisation to prevent shake that gives blurry
pictures on both the iPhone 7 and 7s, on the 28mm camera.

In comparison, the 56mm lens (the image data recorded by the camera says 57mm)
has five elements and an f/2.8 aperture. It"s a little bit longer than a normal
50mm lens, and only just qualifies as telephoto. The actual focal length is
6.6mm, and the sensor is 1/3.6-inches.

Now, the general idea is to let iPhone photographers switch between the 28mm and
the 56mm lens, for a two-times optical zoom. Optical zooming provides better
image quality than the digital equivalent. It requires large lenses though, but
Apple switches between the two in the iPhone 7 Plus when you press the 2X button
in the Camera app.

Except the Camera app doesn"t always switch between the two lenses. In good
light, yes, it"ll use the 56mm lens and optical zoom.

It seems the 28mm camera will be the workhorse on the iPhone 7 Plus, with the
56mm unit coming into play only in good light.

In less good light, the camera picks the 28mm lens, which has a brighter f/1.8
aperture and a bigger sensor (for less noise or graininess) and automatically
swaps to a digital 2X zoom.

The 56mm camera doesn"t have optical image stabilisation like the 28mm one does,
making it less good for low-light shots.

To force the iPhone 7 Plus to use the 56mm lens when you say so, a third party
app is required. It seems the 28mm camera will be the workhorse on the iPhone 7
Plus, with the 56mm unit coming into play only in good light.

That said, the digital zoom on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is very good, and
now goes up to ten times enlargement. There"s a new image signal processor in
the cameras that no doubt helps make the zoom fast with good quality pictures.

Another feature that requires third-party apps is taking pictures in Adobe"s
Digital Negative (DNG) format that preserves lots of detail that gets lost when
images are compressed and processed as smaller JPEGs.

The new photography features that the iPhone 7s bring are curiously unfinished
and that includes the second camera on the iPhone 7 Plus.

Only true photography geeks will have the patience to work with raw formats like
DNG which produce large files and requires digital editing before images are
usable; but, it"s nice to have option on the iPhone 7.

Unfortunately, the built-in camera app doesn"t let you shoot in DNG - I used
Adobe"s Lightroom Mobile for that. Lightroom also lets you export images to the
desktop version of the software for easier editing on a big screen.

In other words, the new photography features that the iPhone 7s bring are
curiously unfinished and that includes the second camera on the iPhone 7 Plus.

For instance, you can"t do the blurred background (bokeh) effect that Apple
showed off at the iPhone 7 launch yet; this is due to appear in an update to iOS
10.

Third-party apps will need updating too: neither Lightroom nor Camera+ know
about the 56mm camera on the iPhone 7 Plus, meaning they can"t use the 2x
optical zoom.

Video is unchanged at 1080p/60 frames per second, and 4K/30fps; the iPhone 7
Plus uses both the 28mm and 56mm lenses for video, again swapping when you press
the 2X in good light. You can also lock the lenses to stop the camera from
swapping them automatically when shooting.

On the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, photos look fantastic.

The new multi-coloured four LED flash is excellent with long reach and doesn"t
wash out pictures. I was hoping it could be used in conjunction with the 56mm
camera as as well as the 28mm imager, but haven"t found a way to trick the
iPhone 7 Plus into doing so yet.

Finally, while the screen is the same resolution as before - max 1080p on the
iPhone 7 Plus - you now have wide colour gamut. In fact, both the camera and the
iPhone 7 display support the bigger colour space, for rich images with hues
closer to what the human eye ses than more limited systems.

On the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, photos look fantastic, ditto the iPad Pro 9.7-inch
that also has a wide colour gamut screen. On other devices that support more
limited colour spaces however, results will vary. I suspect printing out images
especially will drive colour-obsessed photographers nuts.

Apple shouldn"t change here, instead the rest of the world needs to catch up
with the new tech.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 7:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7 - Release date, rumours, leaked images and all the news on Apple's next
iPhone;
iPhone 7 could be unveiled next month - here's everything you need to know

BYLINE: By Lorna Hughes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1055 words


Apple has announced it will be holding a big event next month - sparking
speculation that the tech giant will reveal the iPhone 7.

Websites across the world have announced that Apple is holding one of its famous
conferences on September 7, but bosses at Apple are keeping tight-lipped about
what it entails.

Historically, Apple has announced new iPhone models in September - sending the
rumour mill into overdrive.

Although this is by no means a definite - tech websites from around the world
have been invited to an Apple event at their HQ in California on September 7.

For the past five years running Apple has used September events to launch new
products - so those of you holding out for a new phone had best wait until then.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past models.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its 16GB storage option in
favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage, which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Other rumours suggest the next iPhone will have a larger camera lens and a USB
Type C connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

The model obtained in an online video appears to closely match these rumours and
there's no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s.

One online mock-up comes in a deep metallic blue tone - so could Apple be
planning to expand its range of colours for the iPhone 7 range?

Designer Martin Hajek has created several 3D renders of what he thinks the
iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

Apple issues global IOS update after iPhone spyware alert

The most persistent of rumours is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead.

Martin Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts, by way of Business
Insider, suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

We tried the new UberEXEC - and here is how it went

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
pack more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

5 things we learned from Apple's launch event including the iPhone SE, iPad Pro
and Apple Watch

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times, Apple is working on a
new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming smartphone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday

iOS 7 is a mixed bag for iPhone 4 users

BYLINE: Javed Anwer

SECTION: COMPUTING

LENGTH: 679 words


NEW DELHI: iPhone 4, which is now more than three years old, is probably India's
most popular iPhone. The reason behind its popularity is its premium design - it
is a characteristically Apple product with an all glass and aluminum body - and
yet a low price by Apple's standards. Over the years, Apple has cut the price of
iPhone 4 several times. Since last year, iPhone 4 has been the most affordable
choice for anyone in India who wants "an iPhone".

Three years can be considered an eternity in the fast-moving smartphone
industry. But the reason why Apple has been able to keep iPhone 4 in the market
is its promise of prompt software updates. Recently, when the company announced
iOS 7, it said the new OS would be available for iPhone 4.

The reality, however, is not so rosy. Even though you can run iOS 7 on iPhone 4,
it doesn't necessarily makes the device better. In fact, a large number of users
running iOS 7 on iPhone 4 agrees that the new OS has made the device slower.

Kunal Gangar, a technology blogger, installed iOS 7 on his sister's one-year-old
iPhone 4 the day the new OS became available. "After the install was complete, I
noticed that the phone was slow. Animations were slower. Even scrolling through
installed apps was slow," he said. "iPhone 4 with iOS7 is similar to how
mid-range Android phones feel. There is noticeable lag."

Nithin Rajasekaram, a PR professional, shares a similar experience. "After
installing I can see that iPhone 4 feels slow. Worse, there is not only the lag
in user interface but some apps are also crashing. For example, after I
installed iOS 7, my phone can't handle Temple Run. The app always crashes," he
said.

To be fair, iPhone 4 is a three-year-old phone and lacks the hardware that can
handle a modern OS like iOS 7. The amount of RAM is particularly an issue.
iPhone 4 has 512MB RAM, which is just not enough for the full-blown multitasking
that has been implemented in iOS 7.

Multitasking is one area where iPhone 4 feels slowest. For example switching
between apps is not at all smooth. Even scrolling through open apps in the card
view is slow and shows lag.

Rajasekaram adds that iOS 7 keyboard also feels slower on iPhone 4. "When I type
a message in WhatsApp, letters appear with some lag," he said.

Hans Gogia, another technology blogger, advises that iPhone users stay on iOS 6.
"iOS 7 on iPhone 4 has some lag compared to 6.1.3. This phone is too old for the
new OS," he said.

Apple has now discontinued iPhone 4 in the US. However, in India the phone is
still available in stores for a price of around Rs 22,000. Also, once a device
has been updated to iOS 7, Apple doesn't officially allow users to switch back
to the older OS.

Despite the lags and slow user interface, most iPhone 4 users agree that the
device continues to be usable. "I love my phone. There are ways to manage
performance. For example, I often close the applications I don't need instead of
letting them run in the background. Given that this is an old phone, I don't
have much complaints from it," said Rajasekaram.

Gangar added that it was nice of Apple that it was supporting such an old phone
with the new OS. "It continues to be usable. Yes, it slows down but it doesn't
hang," he said.

So, if you have iPhone 4 should you upgrade to iOS 7 or not?

The answer depends on what you prefer - features or performance. Given the
performance issues, it is advisable to keep iPhone 4 on older versions of iOS.
But if you do not mind some lag, it is worth getting the new OS for features
like control centre.

In case you don't have an iPhone 4 and are looking to buy it because it is the
cheapest iPhone, which also runs the latest version of iOS, our advice is that
don't go ahead. If you want an iPhone, stay away from iPhone 4. By paying just a
few thousand rupees more you can get Nexus 4 or Galaxy S3, which are better
devices.

Even iPhone 4S is not a very smart choice. You should wait for iPhone 5C to come
into the market. It is expected to cost around Rs 40,000 and should offer the
premium iPhone experience.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 21, 2016 Tuesday

'Relax, iPhone 7 to feature 3.5mm earphone port'

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 348 words


NEW DELHI: While Apple is gearing up to launch its next iPhones in a couple of
months from now, the internet is full of rumours and leaks on them. After the
CAD images of the upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were leaked last month, a
recent report now confirms that Apple hasn't ditched the traditional analog
3.5mm headphone port.This means that iPhone buyers can continue using their
favourite headphones and will not have to buy a new Lightning or Bluetooth
headphone. Apple was earlier speculated to drop the 3.5mm audio port for its
iPhone 7 series and opt for Lightning port headphones.

Read also: 5 reasons why mobiles without 3.5mm headphone port is a bad idea
Chinese smartphone brand LeEco recently introduced its Le 2, Le 2 Pro and Le Max
2 featuring common USB Type-C port for both power and audio requirements. These
are the first smartphones to come without the standard 3.5mm audio port.With
only one socket (USB Type-C), smartphone users will have to choose between
charging their smartphones or listening to music via earphones. They cannot
listen to music while charging their smartphone's battery.Another leak suggests
that Apple might introduce a 256GB version of its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
The report also revealed that the next iPhone series might feature dual-sim
trays to support two sim cards.Leaked images also reveal a dual-camera setup, as
widely speculated earlier too, for the larger iPhone 7 Plus.KGI Securities
Ming-Chi Kuo, who has the best track record when it comes to Apple devices,
recently said in a research note that Apple will ship a dual-lens iSight camera
in all iPhone 7 Plus models.Kuo also predicts that iPhone 7 Plus will come with
3GB RAM, with Apple adding another gigabyte to the total RAM. However, iPhone 7
will come with 2GB RAM.According Chinese microblogging website Weibo, the
upcoming iPhones will also get a battery boost. The Weibo report, which also has
photos allegedly from the factory floor, show battery capacity of iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus as 1,735mAh and 2,810mAh respectively.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 14, 2016 Sunday 7:26 PM GMT

The iPhone 7 rumour we know is NOT true about the controversial headphone jack;

The new iPhone controversially will be minus the headphone jack and everyone's
been guessing as to why - one rumour is definitely (probably) wrong

BYLINE: By Jo-Anne Rowney

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 254 words


Rumours have been flying everywhere in the lead up to the iPhone 7's release -
but now we know one is most likely wrong.

Most of the rumours have centered on the controversial removal of the headphone
jack.

In the lead-up to the announcement, expected on September 7, Apple fans have
been trying to make educated guesses as to why the company have dropped the
jack.

Some of the possible reasons have been floating around include Bluetooth taking
over, size and battery issues.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

In leaked images of the alleged iPhone 7 and 7 Plus there are two speaker holes
on the bottom by the Lightning port.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

Nowhereelse.fr reports the schematic designs of the new iPhones suggest this is
not the case and, in fact, there will be no secondary speaker.

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week

At the moment the iPhone has a single down-facing speaker.

Radical 'all-glass' iPhone 7 rumoured to be in development as Apple gears up for
September launch

Before the existing iPhone 6 the product had dual speaker grilles by the
connector port, but these were not stereo - no iPhone has stereo speakers.

The space shown on the iPhone 7 looks as if there isn't enough space for a
stereo speaker - but if this isn't the reason what is?

Why do you think Apple is ditching the headphone jacket? Leave your suggestions
in the comments below.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                               Advertiser Edition

iCame, iSaw ... and I'm conquered

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1118  words


With its customary hype, rumours and fanfare, Apple yesterday unveiled its
iPhone 7. National technology writer ROD CHESTER gives his review of the new
features.

THE big news with the iPhone 7 was supposed to be that Apple was dropping the
headphone jack. Yes, that happened, but the really big news is what you'll be
able to do with the new iPhone 7 Plus camera.

Apple has never worried about the megapixel race but has focused on ensuring the
camera takes really good pictures. That's why you see those "Shot on iPhone"
posters around town, which highlight some amazing photos that non-photographers
have taken with their phone.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took the helm at Apple's biggest launch of the year - which
included a performance by Adelaide-born singer Sia Furler - unveiling a new
model iPhone and Apple Watch, which are both faster, smarter and, at last,
waterproof.

But again the biggest thing about the iPhone launch in San Francisco yesterday
is the camera. Sure, the camera in the iPhone 7 has been improved, with a better
sensor, wider f1.8 aperture and better processing. It's still a 12-megapixel
camera, although the front-facing camera has been upgraded to seven megapixels.

But it's impossible not to breeze over that and head straight to the iPhone 7
Plus, which has dual cameras with two lenses protruding from the back. One
camera is the standard wide photo, the other is a telephoto.

To switch between the two, open up the camera mode, touch "1x" at the bottom of
the frame and it instantly switches to the 2x zoom lens.

Apple also lets users get closer to their subject in their photograph with a
dial that lets you increase the zoom to 10x, although the range between 2x and
10x is done with software rather than a lens.

The rule with digital zoom on any smartphone is never use it - it's not worth
it. Whether Apple has produced something that breaks that rule is hard to say in
just a few minutes of playing with the phone.

I shot a few 10x frames in a dark room with shaky hands and the zoomed images
were OK but not great. However, a fairer test will be when we get to take one in
the real world.

If you commit to the dual-lens iPhone 7 Plus, you also get a new mode in the
camera called Portraits. n that mode, the camera automatically detects faces and
keeps them sharply in focus while blurring the background.

There are plenty of apps that have tried to do this, but an initial look at
results shot with the iPhone 7 Plus is that Apple has got it right.

Although it has also got it right a bit too late - this effect won't be on the
iPhone 7 Plus at release date but will come out as a software by the end of the
year.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have the same form factor as the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
although, aside from the dual lens, there are a few subtle differences so that
eagle-eyed folk will notice you have a shiny new phone.

The antenna band no longer goes across the back of the phone but is on the edge.
And the audio jack is gone.

Apple spent a lot of time yesterday talking about wireless earphones, from a new
range of Beats to AirPods that protrude from your ears like little sticks.

Maybe dropping the jack will be the catalyst needed to drive people into
wireless headphones.

Apple has a history of dropping "essential" items from devices and, after
initial grumbling, people soon learn to live without.

There is a new chip that will make this faster - but there is always a new chip
to make every new iPhone faster. Perhaps the only surprise with the chip is that
it is called the A10 Fusion, which is an update on last year's A9.

Apple has promised this will have the best battery life of any iPhone, which
suggests that maybe some of the space saved with the headphone jack has been
used by a bigger battery.

The home button looks the same but doesn't act the same. It's no longer a
physical button but a solid piece of glass that gives the sense of movement
through Taptic feedback.

That sense of movement through specific vibration is not just on the home button
and will also add to the game play on iOS games.

The screen is brighter with a wider colour gamut and there is now stereo sound
on the iPhone, although it is hard to properly test that in a crowded room of
enthusiastic tech reporters.

Something to file under the "At Long Last" heading is the waterproof feature. If
you drop this iPhone in the loo or jump in the pool with it in your pocket,
you're safe.

I've reviewed the past five iPhone models and every time I wrote "should be
waterproof". Better late than never.

Joining waterproofing in that same category is the removal of the 16GB model of
the iPhone, which was woefully too small.

Now the iPhone models start at 32GB, although if you want the fancy Jet Black
model you'll need to get the 128GB or 256GB version.

So, do I love this iPhone 7? Yes, but I love the iPhone 7 Plus more. I've long
been dismissive of phablet phones. Size is a preference when it comes to
smartphones and I've always preferred the smaller 4.7-inch phone.

But the advantages of the dual cameras in the iPhone 7 Plus have me challenging
my long-held views.

This could be the time to go big and get into the picture - both in the wide
angle and with the zoom.

What is the best smartphone on the market? With the recall of Samsung's Note7
following reports of phones bursting into flames, there is only one answer.

It's not the iPhone 7. It is the iPhone 7 Plus.

Price and availability in Australia â-  iPhone 7 starts at RRP $A1079 inc. GST.

â-  iPhone 7 Plus starts at RRP $A1269 inc. GST.

â-  Pre order from today, September 9.

â- Available from Friday, September 16.

Rod Chester travelled to San Francisco as a guest of Apple.

WHAT'S NEW ON iPHONE7 Rear camera flash: Upgraded with four LEDs (two cool and
two warm) and new ambient light sensor for better image quality No headphone
jack: Ships with Lightning EarPods and regular earphone adapter. Removal of jack
allows for upgraded speaker and improved Force Touch sensor Dual-lens rear
camera: Exclusive to iPhone 7 Plus. Two 12MP lenses - one wide-angle, other
telephoto Home button: Pressure-sensitive, with no click, to benefit water
resistance. Haptic motor mimics clicking sensation when button is pressed iPhone
7 colour options New: Glossy "piano black" Lightning to 3.5 mm jack adapter
EarPods Screen: Better wide colour technology adopted from iPad Pro Water
resistance: Improved IPX7 waterproofing allows device to survive splashes,
showering, and even brief dips in water up to one metre deep Earpiece: Doubles
as loudspeaker, providing enough separation to allow for stereo sound when
device is held in landscape orientation New A10 processor and improved storage:
32GB, 128GB, and 256GB on both iPhone 7* and iPhone 7 PlusGRAPHIC NEWS

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:54 PM GMT

Apple accidentally reveals iPhone 7 on Twitter minutes before official launch;
The company tweeted two videos, one showing water splashing onto the new device
and one showing the device spinning round, revealing dual stereo speakers and NO
headphone jack

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 356 words


Apple has accidentally leaked the iPhone 7 on its new Twitter account, just
minutes before the event kicked off in San Francisco.

The company tweeted two videos, one showing water splashing onto the new device
and one showing the device spinning round, revealing dual stereo speakers and NO
headphone jack.

The tweets were quickly deleted but appeared to show that the iPhone 7 will be
waterproof and have stereo speakers rather than an iPhone socket - confirming
two of the biggest rumours ahead of the launch.

iPhone 7 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 trailer and Pokemon Go app unveiled, Super
Mario Run coming to the app store

Amazon also accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one hour
before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

Amazon has just accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one
hour before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras. The phone will reportedly have four LED
flash lights - two in cool colours, and two in warm colours - and an ambient
light sensor.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      July 6, 2016 Wednesday 11:02 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Latest release date, specs, price and other leaks on Apple's next
gadget;
New pictures and fresh rumours on what to expect from the iPhone 7 have emerged
as the much-hyped new smartphone gets closer to launch

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1789 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      July 6, 2016 Wednesday 11:02 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Latest release date, specs, price and other leaks on Apple's next
gadget;
New pictures and fresh rumours on what to expect from the iPhone 7 have emerged
as the much-hyped new smartphone gets closer to launch

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1789 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

The iPhone 7 is expected to be slimmer, have a better camera but no headphone
jack

BYLINE: By Michelle Quinn, mquinn@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 656 words


When Apple executives unveil the iPhone 7 on Wednesday in San Francisco, a big
question will loom over the event -- will the new device be enough?

Enough that is, for current iPhone owners to say goodbye to their old phones and
clamor for a new one.

It is a critical time for Apple. iPhone sales, which make up more than
two-thirds of Apple's annual revenues, have been falling.

Its Apple Watch, which is expected to get an upgrade Wednesday, hasn't taken
off.

Sure there will be razzle-dazzle at the Apple event. There always is. It is
still the moment when the entire tech industry stops and pays attention. What
Apple announces can upend other firms' plans or create new opportunities.

Other than its business challenge, the company has become a political hot
potato, recently coming under fire in Europe for its large stockpile of money,
which Apple holds offshore rather than pay the U.S. corporate tax rate. The
European Commission's ruling that Apple owed Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes
has set off a firestorm in the U.S. over Apple, and other firms, which park
profits overseas.

But this week the question facing Apple won't be where its tax revenues should
go, but what did the firm do with the iPhone's headphone jack. What the new
iPhone reportedly won't have is already set to be the most newsworthy.

I hate to ask since consumer technology is supposed to be so exciting. But
except for tweens handed their first phone, are the rest of us getting a little
bored with our iPhones and other smartphones?

I ask, because Apple faces a double problem, both products of its success. The
iPhone lasts longer than it used to and the developed markets are saturated.

Many millions of users will update to the iPhone 7, because that's what
technology has trained us to do. Still, there are only a certain number of
people out there who feel they need to upgrade for a new shade of black or
better battery life. The rest will wait until our iPhones sputter and give up
the ghost, if that should ever happen.

What Apple reportedly has in store for its next phone, which is expected to be
called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, sounds mildly interesting.

There's supposed to be a few new colors (dark black and piano black, to name
two), improved camera technology for the larger model and more storage. There
may also be a home button that one doesn't push, but simply touches and feels a
vibration. The iPhone may be slimmer than prior models.

And then there's that missing headphone jack. Instead, iPhone 7 users will be
able to listen to music via the phone's Lightning cable port. (The new iPhones
will reportedly come with Lightning-to-headphone adapter as well as Lightning
EarPods.)

You know there will be some howling, because people hate change.

Rumors have it that the iPhone can be slimmer without the headphone jack and
that its absence also helps with waterproofing.

But there could be another reason. The firm reportedly has a new audio system in
the works for the next phone and Apple is trying to get its users ready for the
change.

The missing headphone jack move hearkens back to when Apple first came out with
the iPhone in 2007.

Missing from the brand new device was a traditional keypad with physical buttons
like a BlackBerry or a stylus like a PalmPilot. Some people thought Apple was
crazy to break from the standard design, but the company reinvented smartphones
with these changes.

Given what appears to be small upgrades to the iPhone, what Apple may be doing
this week is offering the iPhone 7 as a placeholder, something that those
needing an upgrade can have but nothing to really knock the socks off the entire
smartphone category.

Analysts predict that the company may be planning a major overhaul of the iPhone
next year for its 10th anniversary. Among the rumored changes is that iPhone
will be an all-glass device.

That could wake up the masses.

Contact Michelle Quinn at 510-394-4196 and Twitter.com/michellequinn.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by
Apple to announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill
Graham Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by Apple to
announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill Graham
Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
This Sept. 2, 2016, photo shows the earphone jack and charging port on an Apple
iPhone 6, in New York. Apple is getting ready to unveil new iPhones on
Wednesday, Sept. 7. With experts predicting few big changes from last year's
models, speculation has focused on Apple's rumored decision to eliminate the
iPhone's traditional headphone jack. It isn't clear what kind of hardware the
company will promote instead, but the answer could be a hint at some of Apple's
future plans. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

The iPhone 7 is expected to be slimmer, have a better camera but no headphone
jack

BYLINE: By Michelle Quinn, mquinn@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Columnists; Opinion;
Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 656 words


When Apple executives unveil the iPhone 7 on Wednesday in San Francisco, a big
question will loom over the event -- will the new device be enough?

Enough that is, for current iPhone owners to say goodbye to their old phones and
clamor for a new one.

It is a critical time for Apple. iPhone sales, which make up more than
two-thirds of Apple's annual revenues, have been falling.

Its Apple Watch, which is expected to get an upgrade Wednesday, hasn't taken
off.

Sure there will be razzle-dazzle at the Apple event. There always is. It is
still the moment when the entire tech industry stops and pays attention. What
Apple announces can upend other firms' plans or create new opportunities.

Other than its business challenge, the company has become a political hot
potato, recently coming under fire in Europe for its large stockpile of money,
which Apple holds offshore rather than pay the U.S. corporate tax rate. The
European Commission's ruling that Apple owed Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes
has set off a firestorm in the U.S. over Apple, and other firms, which park
profits overseas.

But this week the question facing Apple won't be where its tax revenues should
go, but what did the firm do with the iPhone's headphone jack. What the new
iPhone reportedly won't have is already set to be the most newsworthy.

I hate to ask since consumer technology is supposed to be so exciting. But
except for tweens handed their first phone, are the rest of us getting a little
bored with our iPhones and other smartphones?

I ask, because Apple faces a double problem, both products of its success. The
iPhone lasts longer than it used to and the developed markets are saturated.

Many millions of users will update to the iPhone 7, because that's what
technology has trained us to do. Still, there are only a certain number of
people out there who feel they need to upgrade for a new shade of black or
better battery life. The rest will wait until our iPhones sputter and give up
the ghost, if that should ever happen.

What Apple reportedly has in store for its next phone, which is expected to be
called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, sounds mildly interesting.

There's supposed to be a few new colors (dark black and piano black, to name
two), improved camera technology for the larger model and more storage. There
may also be a home button that one doesn't push, but simply touches and feels a
vibration. The iPhone may be slimmer than prior models.

And then there's that missing headphone jack. Instead, iPhone 7 users will be
able to listen to music via the phone's Lightning cable port. (The new iPhones
will reportedly come with Lightning-to-headphone adapter as well as Lightning
EarPods.)

You know there will be some howling, because people hate change.

Rumors have it that the iPhone can be slimmer without the headphone jack and
that its absence also helps with waterproofing.

But there could be another reason. The firm reportedly has a new audio system in
the works for the next phone and Apple is trying to get its users ready for the
change.

The missing headphone jack move hearkens back to when Apple first came out with
the iPhone in 2007.

Missing from the brand new device was a traditional keypad with physical buttons
like a BlackBerry or a stylus like a PalmPilot. Some people thought Apple was
crazy to break from the standard design, but the company reinvented smartphones
with these changes.

Given what appears to be small upgrades to the iPhone, what Apple may be doing
this week is offering the iPhone 7 as a placeholder, something that those
needing an upgrade can have but nothing to really knock the socks off the entire
smartphone category.

Analysts predict that the company may be planning a major overhaul of the iPhone
next year for its 10th anniversary. Among the rumored changes is that iPhone
will be an all-glass device.

That could wake up the masses.

Contact Michelle Quinn at 510-394-4196 and Twitter.com/michellequinn.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by
Apple to announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill
Graham Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
Courtesy Apple â Pictured is the invitation sent to journalists by Apple to
announce the Sept. 7, 2016 product introduction event at the Bill Graham
Auditorium in San Francisco. The hot rumor is that a new iteration of the
popular iPhone - the iPhone 7 - will be among the new products introduced.
This Sept. 2, 2016, photo shows the earphone jack and charging port on an Apple
iPhone 6, in New York. Apple is getting ready to unveil new iPhones on
Wednesday, Sept. 7. With experts predicting few big changes from last year's
models, speculation has focused on Apple's rumored decision to eliminate the
iPhone's traditional headphone jack. It isn't clear what kind of hardware the
company will promote instead, but the answer could be a hint at some of Apple's
future plans. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                    September 29, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 7 & 7 Plus Pre-Orders Start Today at Midnight on Flipkart!

BYLINE: Omkar Bhosale

LENGTH: 393  words


For the first time, Apple is partnering with an Indian e-Commerce giant
Flipkart, for customers to pre-order and buy latest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
Pre-ordering will start from today at 23.59 hours (i.e 11.59 PM) on Flipkart.
You can check out their official Page here.

Though, customer have to pay the whole amount while pre-ordering, the device
will be directly sourced from Apple, instead of Apple partners. Obviously from
the end user perspective, it won't change anything.

Both new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus's 32GB version will start from Rs 60,000.

iPhone 7 with 128GB storage will have a price tag of Rs. 70,000, while the 256GB
storage variant will go up to Rs 80,000.

Similarly, iPhone 7 Plus with 32GB storage will come at Rs 72,000, for 128GB
version the price will go up to 82,000, and for 256GB storage at Rs 92,000.

And if you are wondering whether 16GB version will be available? Then the answer
is no. It will not be available. Apple has shuttered the 16GB and 64GB storage
models, at least for iPhone 7.

The new Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus comes with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina
HD display. Both supports 3D touch feature and has new quad-core Apple A10
Fusion processor clocked at 2.23GHz, which Apple claims to be 40% faster than
the earlier generation processor.

Both iPhones also have a new home button, which now has a taptic engine and
touch sensitivity for a quick response (remember Apple MacBook 2016's Force
touch trackpad). The iPhone 7 Plus also sports a dual 12MP cameras, one for
wide-angle and second for a telephoto lens.

Meanwhile, iPhone 7 have a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording, have a
f/1.8 aperture. Both has a 7MP FaceTime camera and are officially water and dust
resistant, having IP67 rating. The first Apple smartphones to have the official
rating.

Apple has released a wireless Earpods with the phone, called as AirPods, but
this package doesn't seem to have one. Flipkart's official page show an 'Earpods
with lightning connector' in the package.

Apple has introduced two new finishes on iPhone 7, Jet black, and matte black.
Jet Black, may prone to scratches, but has been termed Rose Gold of 2016.

Apple CEO Tim Cook recently said - "In the first three-quarters of this fiscal
year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51% year-on-year". Lets see if they can
keep the momentum with iPhone 7 sales as well.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus available for pre-orders in India

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 529 words


All those Apple fans out there in India waiting desperately to lay there hands
on the next iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- can now pre-order the new
smartphones.

Most IWorld stores, Apple's Premium Resellers in Northern India, are accepting
pre-bookings for Apple's new iPhones. Users can also pre-book (reserve to buy in
store) the devices on the company's website. Another Apple Premium Partner in
India, Unicorn, too is accepting pre-orders for the two new iPhones. Interested
buyers can pre-book the smartphones after paying an advance payment of Rs 5,000.
Delhi-based Unicorn has presence across several states in the country.

However, two of the biggest consumer electronics retail stores in the country,
Tata Group's Croma and Reliance Industry's Reliance Digital, are still to start
pre-bookings for both the smartphones. Another prominent electronic retail store
in the country Jumbo said that it will accept pre-orders starting next week.

Officially too, Apple India is yet to announce the opening of pre-bookings for
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Also, while Beetel Teletech Ltd, one of the distributors for Apple in India,
said that it will start deliveries of the two phones at 7pm on October 7, sales
person at both IWorld and Unicorn said that there stores will start selling the
smartphones at dot 12 am on October 7. Another Apple distributor Rashi
Peripherals too has announced that it will start selling the latest iPhones from
October 7 in India. The company, however, has so far not disclosed the time when
it will start sales at its 1,000 locations across the country.

October 7 is the official launch date of the upcoming Apple smartphones for
India. The company is launching the devices in India in the third phase. In the
first phase, the new iPhones will go on sale in 28 countries across the world on
September 16. In the second phase, beginning September 23, the duo will be
available in over 25 countries including Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia.

Apple unveiled its latest iPhones at an even in San Francisco on September 7.
The smartphone giant has not yet revealed the complete pricing details of its
new smartphones in India. The company, however, just said that the price of the
iPhones will start at Rs 60,000 in the country. This is likely to be the price
of the base iPhone 7 model with 32GB internal storage.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants.
The colour options available are Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Black and Jet Black.
Of these, the Jet Black colour variant comes only in 128GB and 256GB variants.

Apple iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, whereas the iPhone 7
Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are
powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which the company claims
is 40% faster that Apple A9 and it runs iOS 10.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus available for pre-orders in India

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 529 words


All those Apple fans out there in India waiting desperately to lay there hands
on the next iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- can now pre-order the new
smartphones.

Most IWorld stores, Apple's Premium Resellers in Northern India, are accepting
pre-bookings for Apple's new iPhones. Users can also pre-book (reserve to buy in
store) the devices on the company's website. Another Apple Premium Partner in
India, Unicorn, too is accepting pre-orders for the two new iPhones. Interested
buyers can pre-book the smartphones after paying an advance payment of Rs 5,000.
Delhi-based Unicorn has presence across several states in the country.

However, two of the biggest consumer electronics retail stores in the country,
Tata Group's Croma and Reliance Industry's Reliance Digital, are still to start
pre-bookings for both the smartphones. Another prominent electronic retail store
in the country Jumbo said that it will accept pre-orders starting next week.

Officially too, Apple India is yet to announce the opening of pre-bookings for
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Also, while Beetel Teletech Ltd, one of the distributors for Apple in India,
said that it will start deliveries of the two phones at 7pm on October 7, sales
person at both IWorld and Unicorn said that there stores will start selling the
smartphones at dot 12 am on October 7. Another Apple distributor Rashi
Peripherals too has announced that it will start selling the latest iPhones from
October 7 in India. The company, however, has so far not disclosed the time when
it will start sales at its 1,000 locations across the country.

October 7 is the official launch date of the upcoming Apple smartphones for
India. The company is launching the devices in India in the third phase. In the
first phase, the new iPhones will go on sale in 28 countries across the world on
September 16. In the second phase, beginning September 23, the duo will be
available in over 25 countries including Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia.

Apple unveiled its latest iPhones at an even in San Francisco on September 7.
The smartphone giant has not yet revealed the complete pricing details of its
new smartphones in India. The company, however, just said that the price of the
iPhones will start at Rs 60,000 in the country. This is likely to be the price
of the base iPhone 7 model with 32GB internal storage.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants.
The colour options available are Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Black and Jet Black.
Of these, the Jet Black colour variant comes only in 128GB and 256GB variants.

Apple iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, whereas the iPhone 7
Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are
powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which the company claims
is 40% faster that Apple A9 and it runs iOS 10.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:43 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Everything you need to know about the new model;
Although it doesn't look too different, some fans of the iPhone have been left
disappointed at some of the changes being made

BYLINE: By Laura Love

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 413 words


Apple has finally revealed the iPhone 7.

At an event in San Francisco yesterday, Apple 's CEO Tim Cook took to the stage
to unveil the new phones - the 7 and the 7 Plus.

And although they don't look too different to the previous models, some fans of
the iPhone have been left disappointed at one particular change.

Want to know more? Here's an introductory guide.

· Water resistant

· Longer battery life

· New Retina HD display means its 25% brighter

· The iPhone 7 Plus boasts two rear-facing 12-megapixel cameras

· Stereo speakers at top and bottom with double the volume of previous version

· No headphone jack

Apple has taken the controversial decision to drop the 3.5mm headphone jack from
its latest iPhone.

The port was ditched in order to free up more space to make iPhone 7 slimmer
than previous models.

The move means that owners of the iPhone 7 will not be able to directly connect
any headphones with a traditional 3.5mm plug.

This means people who have splashed out on expensive wired headphones in the
past will need to use a Lightning to 3.5mm adapter (included in the box).

It will also be possible to use wireless Bluetooth headphones, or those that are
equipped with Apple's Lightning connector.

However, if buyers do upgrade to headphones equipped with a Lightning jack, they
won't be able to use these with any non-Apple devices.

To coincide with the launch of the iPhone 7, Apple also unveiled wireless
'AirPod' earphones which use Apple's own wireless technology in place of the
more frequently used Bluetooth.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB
options.

Apple said during its keynote unveiling that it has kept the prices of its new
smartphones the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their
respective storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be £719 for the 32GB model, £819 for the 128GB
model, and £919 for the 256GB.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual black, gold, silver,
rose gold colour options, alongside a new black called 'jet black', which is
much darker than previous black models.

The phones will be available to pre-order from tomorrow, September 9, before
they start shipping on September 16.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 8:43 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Everything you need to know about the new model;
Although it doesn't look too different, some fans of the iPhone have been left
disappointed at some of the changes being made

BYLINE: By Laura Love

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 413 words


Apple has finally revealed the iPhone 7.

At an event in San Francisco yesterday, Apple 's CEO Tim Cook took to the stage
to unveil the new phones - the 7 and the 7 Plus.

And although they don't look too different to the previous models, some fans of
the iPhone have been left disappointed at one particular change.

Want to know more? Here's an introductory guide.

· Water resistant

· Longer battery life

· New Retina HD display means its 25% brighter

· The iPhone 7 Plus boasts two rear-facing 12-megapixel cameras

· Stereo speakers at top and bottom with double the volume of previous version

· No headphone jack

Apple has taken the controversial decision to drop the 3.5mm headphone jack from
its latest iPhone.

The port was ditched in order to free up more space to make iPhone 7 slimmer
than previous models.

The move means that owners of the iPhone 7 will not be able to directly connect
any headphones with a traditional 3.5mm plug.

This means people who have splashed out on expensive wired headphones in the
past will need to use a Lightning to 3.5mm adapter (included in the box).

It will also be possible to use wireless Bluetooth headphones, or those that are
equipped with Apple's Lightning connector.

However, if buyers do upgrade to headphones equipped with a Lightning jack, they
won't be able to use these with any non-Apple devices.

To coincide with the launch of the iPhone 7, Apple also unveiled wireless
'AirPod' earphones which use Apple's own wireless technology in place of the
more frequently used Bluetooth.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB
options.

Apple said during its keynote unveiling that it has kept the prices of its new
smartphones the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their
respective storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be £719 for the 32GB model, £819 for the 128GB
model, and £919 for the 256GB.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual black, gold, silver,
rose gold colour options, alongside a new black called 'jet black', which is
much darker than previous black models.

The phones will be available to pre-order from tomorrow, September 9, before
they start shipping on September 16.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Apple is killing its 16GB variant with iPhone 7: WSJ

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours about Apple junking its 16GB model with the
upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. According to a report in Wall Street
Journal (WSJ), quoting person familiar with Apple's plans, "Instead of 16GB as a
starting point for the entry-level iPhone, the new starting point will be
32GB...." This means Apple would reportedly be bringing 32GB storage option back
to its iPhone lineup after a gap of three years. Apple iPhone 5S, which was
launched in 2013, came with a 32GB variant.

However, all iPhones launched after that -- iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus, and iPhone SE -- come in 16GB and 64GB variants. Apple added a
128GB variant with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models.While the larger 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 is expected to come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants, the
smaller version is said to come in 32GB, 64GB and 256GB storage variants.As
widely speculated by several other publications too, the report adds that the
larger version of the rumoured iPhone 7 will sport a 5.5-inch display and a
dual-camera sensor.The dual camera set-up is expected to help users capture
images in different depth of fields so that theu can later choose what they want
to focus in the image in the post editing phase.In addition, the smaller iPhone
7 version is likely to come with a 4.7-inch display. Also, though the smaller
version is unlikely to get the dual-camera setup, it is expected to still be
receiving an upgrade on camera front. The report also claims that the upcoming
models won't sport a headphone jack.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 28, 2015 Tuesday 12:46 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7: Release date, price, news and rumours;
Apple's next superstar smartphone is surely in the pipeline - here's everything
we know about it so far

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 655 words


Recent smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC One M9 have ratcheted up
the pressure on Apple to produce something special for 2015.

The notoriously secretive company has already revealed its new iOS 9 operating
system at this year's WWDC. But that's just the precursor to what everyone wants
to know about: the hardware.

Plenty of rumours have already started to fly about what Apple has in store for
its iPhone 7 (or iPhone 6S) handset.

We've collected all the latest information into one place so you can get the
complete lowdown on what is sure to be the most-hyped smartphone of the
year.Apple iPhone 7: Release date

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's unlikely that we'll see
anything officially revealed until September 2015.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Even if the next version is revealed in September, it's unlikely to actually be
available to buy in the UK until October.Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

A big clue about what to expect from the iPhone 7's camera was discovered by
developer Hamza Sood inside the iOS 9 code.

The code includes support for a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

What's more, the code also reveals the next iPhone will be able to run FaceTime
at full 1080p high definition. Currently, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can only
manage 720p defintion.

Apple is clearly targeting selfie-mad snappers who prefer the front-facing
camera to the rear-facing one.

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is a much more contentious issue however. Some rumours have
suggested Apple will reveal three handsets this year, each with a different
screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones.Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters, Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics;
If you like snapping photos on nights out, this feature could make the iPhone 7
a lot more appealing

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 533 words


New iPhone 7 details have emerged just days before Apple's big event in San
Francisco on September 7, where the company is widely expected to unveil its
next flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by  AppleInsider  ,  also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone7, iPhone7 Plus: Know India price, launch and availability date

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- Zee Media Bureau
 San Francisco: Technology giant Apple launched the highly-anticipated iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 plus with advanced technologies like immersive stereo speakers and
air pods and the new phones will be available to customers in India beginning
October.


 Availability
 While the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25
countries beginning September 16, it will be available to customers in India
beginning October 7.
 Price
 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the
new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at USD 649 (US).
iPhone 7 Plus will start at USD 769. Media reports are saying that in India the
price of the latest iPhone will start at Rs 60,000 for 32 GB model.
 Apple yesterday unveiled two upgraded versions of its iconic iPhone, in a move
aimed at capturing more consumers in an increasingly saturated global smartphone
market.
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, with new camera technology, water resistance
and other features, were unveiled at a media event in San Francisco.
 Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus begins from September 9 and the shipping
will start from September 16 at first in 28 countries, with 30 more countries
one week later.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Yourstory.in

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

The iPhone 7 Plus and jet-black iPhone 7 are all sold out - and here's why

BYLINE: Sanjana Ray

LENGTH: 585  words


A mere week into the launch of the much-awaited iPhone 7, Apple announced that
the first batches of the iPhone 7 Plus and the jet-black iPhone 7 are sold out.
The company also announced that the models hitting the stores on the 16 will
only consist of limited a number of the iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black.

All the excited customers queuing up outside the official stores for their
goodies have a long wait coming, although they are given the option of ordering
them online. However, there too exists a backlog, specifically in the UK and the
USA, where both the iPhone 7 models are showing a wait-period of a good two to
three weeks. Also, those who wish to purchase the new jet black variant of the
iPhone 7, which according to the website has undergone a "precision, nine-step
anodisation and polishing process", have an even longer wait of five whole
weeks.

So why is the new model selling like hot-cakes? Going by the revelations during
its official launch, the iPhone 7 has several accelerated features, such as a
dual-camera setting, removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack and its replacement by
airpods, a higher base storage capacity, a new home button and a better A10
processor, among many others.

It is also the thrill of the exclusive that is raising its demand through the
international market, which works out great for the billion-dollar conglomerate,
as rising demand equals greater sales. According to CNN, the company's stock has
risen up by nearly 8 percent this week after surging more than 4 percent last
Wednesday. Sprint said that the initial iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pre-sales
were up by 375 percent, as compared to last year's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
launch numbers.

"We sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible," said
Trudy Muller, Apple spokeswoman, in an official statement.

Strangely, Apple usually reveals the volumes of new iPhones that it sells over
the first pre-order weekend. However, this time they are breaking tradition by
not reporting the numbers, instead defending their stance by saying that the
figure is more a reflection of supply than demand. According to Reuters, this
announcement has alarmed the who's who of Wall Street, who are beginning to fear
that the sales of the iconic iPhones may not be keeping to its usual mark of
sales and profits.

However, US-based wireless carriers Sprint Corp (S.N) and T-Mobile US Inc.
(TMUS.O) confirmed earlier this week that they have received a large quantity of
pre-orders for the iPhone 7 that is sure to set its sales and consequently Apple
shares off the roof.

Although there has been much talk about how the iPhone 7 isn't very different
from its predecessors and does not offer good value for money, its limited
quantity in the stores speaks otherwise. According to some analysts, the thrill
of the 'exclusivity' of owning a model with newly released finishes before it
becomes mainstream is what is lapping up the demand for this particular series.

The demand for the 'Lucky 7', as it being referred to, has pushed Apple's stocks
up to the highest numbers it's been all year, marking the company's worth at
over a whopping $600 billion dollars. As the world waits impatiently to possess
the most sought after product of the year, most holding on to months' worth of
carefully planned savings, one can truly understand the loyalty that the brand
is proud to cultivate among its million-odd global users.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Yourstory.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      July 13, 2016 Wednesday 1:15 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, pictures and all the latest news about Apple's
next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1929 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      July 13, 2016 Wednesday 1:15 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, pictures and all the latest news about Apple's
next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1929 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:10 PM GMT

Apple reveals waterproof iPhone 7 with new camera... and no headphone jack;
New colours, faster processor and longer battery life for the smaller iPhone 7,
and dual-cameras on the back for the iPhone 7 Plus - but as predicted, the
headphone jack is no moreApple iPhone 7 launch event: key points at a
glanceApple Watch series 2: GPS, waterproofing and faster processingSuper Mario
Run: Nintendo running game to launch with Apple's iPhone 7

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1265 words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, its next generation smartphones,
which have a similar aluminium look but now waterproof with new insides, new
pressure-sensitive home button, new dual-camera features and no headphone
socket.

Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, took to the
stage at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco to announce the
smartphone, the first to launch with the company's latest iOS 10 software for
iPhone and iPad with improved notifications and messaging features.

The biggest change to the new iPhone, however, is the removal of the universal
3.5mm headphone jack, which used to be cut into the bottom of the smartphone and
is common to almost all forms of audio-producing electronics. Instead, Apple
hopes users will embrace the Lightning port, which is commonly used for power
and file transfers, for audio, or wireless headphones such as those made by
Apple's Beats headphones brand.

Lightning connector headphones and a Lightning-to-analogue adapter will be
included with the new iPhone.

Schiller said: "Apple EarPods are the most popular headphones in the world. Now
we're moving them to Lightning. Why? Because it provides digital audio, power,
and many other advantages that are simply not possible over an analogue
connection.

"The analogue headphone jack has been with us for a very long time. But the
reason to move on is courage. The courage to move on and do something new that
betters all of us."

Apple also announced a new set of its EarPod in-ear buds, this time without the
cable, called AirPods, which it hopes will ease the transition from the
headphones port.

Bluetooth headphones are widely available in a range of prices and capabilities,
and have become popular in the past two years, but truly wireless in-ear buds
have struggled to overcome the technological constraints of short battery life
and weak connectivity. Several new models released this year from companies such
as Motorola, Bragi and Samsung hope to solve those problems.

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing, said: "Up until now
no one has taken on the challenge of fixing the things that are difficult to do
in the wireless experiences so we can all enjoy them. So that's what we're doing
with the Apple AirPods."

AirPods will cost $170 and be available in late October. Apple's headphone brand
Beats will also release new wireless models.

Faster A10 Fusion chip

As with all previous iPhone updates, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have faster, more
powerful processors - the Apple A10 Fusion replacing the A9 from last year's
iPhone 6S - with the outside of the new smartphones seeing subtle changes in
design.

The new quad-core A10 Fusion processor will have 120 times the performance of
the original iPhone and Apple says it will also extend battery life through
improved power efficiencies.

Apple estimates that the iPhone 7 will deliver, on average, two more hours of
battery life than the iPhone 6S.

The iPhone 7 comes in a new gloss black colour and has hidden the previously
visible antenna lines on the back marking a couple of small visual tweaks to the
new phones over predecessors. The new iPhone is also now waterproof to IP67
standards, bringing it into line with rivals from Samsung and others.

The home button has also been tweaked to use a similar pressure-sensitive
technology as Apple's MacBook trackpads and the 3D touch screen of the iPhone
6S, which simulate movement using a small vibrating sensation when pressed
without actually depressing. The new button will allow further gesture control
and could pave the way for the button to be removed entirely in subsequent
version of the smartphone.

For many, the home button has been one of the weak points of the iPhone,
requiring replacement which has proved tricky due to the fingerprint sensor and
secure chip hidden underneath.

Plus dual-camera

The iPhone 7 will also have an improved camera system to keep up with rivals.
The iPhone used to have the best camera in the business, but the iPhone 6S faced
stiff competition from not only Samsung, but HTC, LG and rising star Chinese
firm Huawei.

The camera now has a faster, larger 12-megapixel sensor, a faster f1.8 lens for
better low-light photography and an enhanced true-tone flash. All versions of
the iPhone will now have optical image stabilisation, not just the larger Plus
models.

The update will see a new dual-camera fitted to the back of the larger iPhone 7
Plus - one 12-megapixel telephoto lens and one 12-megapixel wide-angle lens -
similar to those fitted to LG's G5. Both Huawei and LG have released smartphones
in the last year using two cameras on the back to varying degrees of success.

Apple allows optical zoom now up to 2x with both lenses, using digital zoom to
go beyond. A free update will also allow users to blur the background using both
lenses to judge distance and create a bokeh effect, similar to software effects
produced by rivals.

Schiller said: "On a dSLR you can move lens elements to zoom with a large lens.
But on a phone you can't do that. So we're using two cameras and two lenses to
do the same. The quality of the zoom, even with software zoom, is so much better
than before we decided to push it up to 10x."

The iPhone 7 will be available in four colours starting on 16 September at $649
for 32GB of storage - increased from last year's 16GB base storage with 128GB
and 256GB options. The iPhone 7 Plus will cost from $769, again with 32GB of
storage. The jet-black models will be 128GB and 256GB variants only.

Last year's iPhone 6S, 6S Plus and the iPhone SE will be still available, now
starting with 32GB of storage. The iPhone upgrade programme will also be made
available in the UK.

Tick, tock, tock?

Until now, Apple's smartphones have had a complete redesign every two years
according to its traditional release schedule, with improved processors and a
few new features every other year making up the "tock" in the cycle. Intel and
others also use the tick, tock product cycle, traditionally displaying improved
battery life on the tick.

The iPhone 6 was the tick, which means the iPhone 6S was the tock. The iPhone 7'
s use of the similar industrial design of previous iPhones plus new colours
bucks the trend, meaning the new iPhone could be considered as a second-such
tock. Whether improved specifications and a few new features, some of which will
come to 2015's iPhone 6S through software updates, will be enough to continue to
woo customers remains to be seen.

"Apple's biggest challenge is how to manage its large install base - the biggest
in the industry - and convince them to replace their smartphones and spend more
on services and in the company's ecosystem," said Francisco Jeronimo IDC's
research director for European mobile devices. "As we approach 80-85% smartphone
penetration, it's no longer about people buying their first smartphone but
attracting customers from rivals."

In the UK, Apple is fighting a war with chief rival Samsung over the 20% of
users that switch between operating systems. It scored the most switchers with
the iPhone 6, which introduced new screen sizes, but now it must attempt to
convince users to upgrade from previous iPhones.


     ·    Does Apple really think we're ready to ditch the headphone jack?
     ·    The Chinese are coming. Samsung is steady. Apple's iPhone 7 has to
          impress
     ·    Bose QC35 wireless headphones: simply unrivalled noise cancelling
     ·    Marshall Major II Bluetooth headphones: they last for ages and sound
          great too


LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2 launch in India: Here's
everything you need to know

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 574  words


The most anticipated smartphones and smartwatches of the year finally arrive in
India.

As promised, the Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and the Apple Watch Series 2
launched in India today. The devices are to available for purchase through
online retailers and authorised Apple distributors starting at 7pm Indian Time
on Friday (6 October).

The most anticipated smartphone launch of the year will see three variants of
both smartphones. The 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variant of the 4.7-inch iPhone 7
will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000, respectively. The 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 Plus is also available in same storage capacity and will cost Rs 72,000
for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for 256GB.

One of the biggest changes in the iPhones is that Apple has removed the 3.5mm
headphone jack that was seen in earlier iterations. The USB Type-C port that
supports Quick Charging will double as an audio port. The devices will also be
shipped a pair of Apple patented Lightning EarPods and a 3.5mm headphone
converter.

The devices are also dust and water resistance with an IP67 rating and are
currently the highest rated smartphone on AnTuTu benchmark with a
record-breaking 178,397 points. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is available in
five colour options which include Gold, Jet Black, Matte Black, Rose Gold, and
Silver.

iPhone 7 Specifications

The iPhone 7 is equipped with a 4.7-inch Retina HD screen that supports 3D Touch
with a 1334x750-pixel resolution at 326 ppi (pixels per inch). The smartphone
runs Apple's A10 Fusion chipset which is embedded with an M10 motion
coprocessor.

Coming to the camera, It has a 12-megapixel rear camera that features f/1.8
aperture, digital zoom up to 5x, a six-element lens, Backside illumination
sensor, optical image stabilisation, a Quad-LED True Tone flash, sapphire
crystal lens cover, 4K video recording at 30fps, and 1080p HD video recording at
60fps to name a few. It also comes with a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with
f/2.2 aperture, Retina Flash, Auto image stabilisation, Backside illumination
sensor and 1080p HD video recording

iPhone 7 Plus specifications

The iPhone 7 Plus offers most of the same specifications as the iPhone 7. The
only difference is that it harbours a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch
support at a 1920x1080-pixel resolution with 401ppi.

The iPhone 7 features two 12-megapixel rear cameras: a wide-angle camera with
f/1.8 aperture and a telephoto camera with f/2.8 aperture.

It also has a bigger battery that the iPhone 7 and weighs 188 grams.

Apple Watch Series 2

The Apple Watch Series 2 has launched alongside the smartphones at Rs 32,900 for
the basic model. The Nike+ model (that comes with a Nike specific features) will
also cost Rs 32,900 while the ceramic Apple Watch Edition is priced at Rs
110,900.

The new Apple Watch comes with improved water resistance functionality. The
speakers are used to push out water from the watch and halts touch input while
the device is submerged in water.

It features the new S2 processor which Apple says will give 50 percent that the
previous generation and comes with additional functionality like GPS and a
barometer.

It is equipped with a larger battery which Apple claims will give 18 hours of
usability with each full charge even while using GPS.

The Apple Watch Series 2 and the Apple Watch Edition will be available are
available now while The Nike+ version is expected to be available later in
October in India.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2 launch in India: Here's
everything you need to know

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 574  words


The most anticipated smartphones and smartwatches of the year finally arrive in
India.

As promised, the Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and the Apple Watch Series 2
launched in India today. The devices are to available for purchase through
online retailers and authorised Apple distributors starting at 7pm Indian Time
on Friday (6 October).

The most anticipated smartphone launch of the year will see three variants of
both smartphones. The 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variant of the 4.7-inch iPhone 7
will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000, respectively. The 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 Plus is also available in same storage capacity and will cost Rs 72,000
for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for 256GB.

One of the biggest changes in the iPhones is that Apple has removed the 3.5mm
headphone jack that was seen in earlier iterations. The USB Type-C port that
supports Quick Charging will double as an audio port. The devices will also be
shipped a pair of Apple patented Lightning EarPods and a 3.5mm headphone
converter.

The devices are also dust and water resistance with an IP67 rating and are
currently the highest rated smartphone on AnTuTu benchmark with a
record-breaking 178,397 points. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is available in
five colour options which include Gold, Jet Black, Matte Black, Rose Gold, and
Silver.

iPhone 7 Specifications

The iPhone 7 is equipped with a 4.7-inch Retina HD screen that supports 3D Touch
with a 1334x750-pixel resolution at 326 ppi (pixels per inch). The smartphone
runs Apple's A10 Fusion chipset which is embedded with an M10 motion
coprocessor.

Coming to the camera, It has a 12-megapixel rear camera that features f/1.8
aperture, digital zoom up to 5x, a six-element lens, Backside illumination
sensor, optical image stabilisation, a Quad-LED True Tone flash, sapphire
crystal lens cover, 4K video recording at 30fps, and 1080p HD video recording at
60fps to name a few. It also comes with a 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with
f/2.2 aperture, Retina Flash, Auto image stabilisation, Backside illumination
sensor and 1080p HD video recording

iPhone 7 Plus specifications

The iPhone 7 Plus offers most of the same specifications as the iPhone 7. The
only difference is that it harbours a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch
support at a 1920x1080-pixel resolution with 401ppi.

The iPhone 7 features two 12-megapixel rear cameras: a wide-angle camera with
f/1.8 aperture and a telephoto camera with f/2.8 aperture.

It also has a bigger battery that the iPhone 7 and weighs 188 grams.

Apple Watch Series 2

The Apple Watch Series 2 has launched alongside the smartphones at Rs 32,900 for
the basic model. The Nike+ model (that comes with a Nike specific features) will
also cost Rs 32,900 while the ceramic Apple Watch Edition is priced at Rs
110,900.

The new Apple Watch comes with improved water resistance functionality. The
speakers are used to push out water from the watch and halts touch input while
the device is submerged in water.

It features the new S2 processor which Apple says will give 50 percent that the
previous generation and comes with additional functionality like GPS and a
barometer.

It is equipped with a larger battery which Apple claims will give 18 hours of
usability with each full charge even while using GPS.

The Apple Watch Series 2 and the Apple Watch Edition will be available are
available now while The Nike+ version is expected to be available later in
October in India.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus available for pre-orders in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


All those Apple fans out there in India waiting desperately to lay there hands
on the next iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- can now pre-order the new
smartphones.Most IWorld stores, Apple's Premium Resellers in Northern India, are
accepting pre-bookings for Apple's new iPhones. Users can also pre-book (reserve
to buy in store) the devices on the company's website. Another Apple Premium
Partner in India, Unicorn, too is accepting pre-orders for the two new iPhones.

Interested buyers can pre-book the smartphones after paying an advance payment
of Rs 5,000. Delhi-based Unicorn has presence across several states in the
country.However, two of the biggest consumer electronics retail stores in the
country, Tata Group's Croma and Reliance Industry's Reliance Digital, are still
to start pre-bookings for both the smartphones. Another prominent electronic
retail store in the country Jumbo said that it will accept pre-orders starting
next week.Officially too, Apple India is yet to announce the opening of
pre-bookings for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.Also, while Beetel Teletech Ltd, one
of the distributors for Apple in India, said that it will start deliveries of
the two phones at 7pm on October 7, sales person at both IWorld and Unicorn said
that there stores will start selling the smartphones at dot 12 am on October 7.
Another Apple distributor Rashi Peripherals too has announced that it will start
selling the latest iPhones from October 7 in India. The company, however, has so
far not disclosed the time when it will start sales at its 1,000 locations
across the country.October 7 is the official launch date of the upcoming Apple
smartphones for India. The company is launching the devices in India in the
third phase. In the first phase, the new iPhones will go on sale in 28 countries
across the world on September 16. In the second phase, beginning September 23,
the duo will be available in over 25 countries including Andorra, Bahrain,
Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia,
Greece, Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo,
Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland,
Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia. Apple unveiled its
latest iPhones at an even in San Francisco on September 7. The smartphone giant
has not yet revealed the complete pricing details of its new smartphones in
India. The company, however, just said that the price of the iPhones will start
at Rs 60,000 in the country. This is likely to be the price of the base iPhone 7
model with 32GB internal storage.The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in 32GB,
128GB and 256GB storage variants. The colour options available are Silver, Gold,
Rose Gold, Black and Jet Black. Of these, the Jet Black colour variant comes
only in 128GB and 256GB variants.Apple iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with
3D touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D
touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion
processor, which the company claims is 40% faster that Apple A9 and it runs iOS
10. Read this story in Telugu

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus available for pre-orders in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


All those Apple fans out there in India waiting desperately to lay there hands
on the next iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- can now pre-order the new
smartphones.Most IWorld stores, Apple's Premium Resellers in Northern India, are
accepting pre-bookings for Apple's new iPhones. Users can also pre-book (reserve
to buy in store) the devices on the company's website. Another Apple Premium
Partner in India, Unicorn, too is accepting pre-orders for the two new iPhones.

Interested buyers can pre-book the smartphones after paying an advance payment
of Rs 5,000. Delhi-based Unicorn has presence across several states in the
country.However, two of the biggest consumer electronics retail stores in the
country, Tata Group's Croma and Reliance Industry's Reliance Digital, are still
to start pre-bookings for both the smartphones. Another prominent electronic
retail store in the country Jumbo said that it will accept pre-orders starting
next week.Officially too, Apple India is yet to announce the opening of
pre-bookings for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.Also, while Beetel Teletech Ltd, one
of the distributors for Apple in India, said that it will start deliveries of
the two phones at 7pm on October 7, sales person at both IWorld and Unicorn said
that there stores will start selling the smartphones at dot 12 am on October 7.
Another Apple distributor Rashi Peripherals too has announced that it will start
selling the latest iPhones from October 7 in India. The company, however, has so
far not disclosed the time when it will start sales at its 1,000 locations
across the country.October 7 is the official launch date of the upcoming Apple
smartphones for India. The company is launching the devices in India in the
third phase. In the first phase, the new iPhones will go on sale in 28 countries
across the world on September 16. In the second phase, beginning September 23,
the duo will be available in over 25 countries including Andorra, Bahrain,
Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia,
Greece, Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo,
Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland,
Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia. Apple unveiled its
latest iPhones at an even in San Francisco on September 7. The smartphone giant
has not yet revealed the complete pricing details of its new smartphones in
India. The company, however, just said that the price of the iPhones will start
at Rs 60,000 in the country. This is likely to be the price of the base iPhone 7
model with 32GB internal storage.The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in 32GB,
128GB and 256GB storage variants. The colour options available are Silver, Gold,
Rose Gold, Black and Jet Black. Of these, the Jet Black colour variant comes
only in 128GB and 256GB variants.Apple iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with
3D touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D
touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion
processor, which the company claims is 40% faster that Apple A9 and it runs iOS
10. Read this story in Telugu

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Apple iPhone 7 Plus has 3GB of RAM: Reports

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 272 words


NEW DELHI: Separate reports from benchmarking website GeekBench and Chinese
certification portal claim to have revealed the RAM capacity of the recently
launched Apple iPhone 7 Plus . According to the reports, the 5.5-inch iPhone 7
Plus has a 3GB of RAM.Apple, for quite a long time, has adopted a different
approach from the competition when it comes to marketing iPhones. This includes
not revealing the RAM capacity of its devices. And this has continued for the
new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, launched earlier this week.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by the new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion
processor, including two high-performance and two high-efficiency cores. There's
also a hexa-core GPU which the company claims is 50% faster than the Apple A9
processor, used in the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.Both variants are set to go
on sale in India from October 7, 2016. As per the company, the price for the new
smartphones starts at Rs 60,000. Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be
available in Silver, Gold, Rose Gold and Black colour options. They are
available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants. However, Jet Black, a
specific colour variant, only comes in 128GB and 256GB variants. New EarPods
(using Lightning connector) and a Lightning to 3.5mm adapter will also be
included with the new iPhones. These can also be purchased separately for Rs
2,500 and Rs 900 respectively.At its recently concluded iPhone launch event,
Apple also launched its new wireless AirPods. The price for the AirPods starts
at Rs 15,400 and they come bundled with a charging-cum-storage case.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus release date tipped

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


NEW DELHI: Apple's upcoming iPhone 7 (and its alleged Plus and Pro variants) has
already been a subject of numerous rumours and leaks over the past few months.
The handset's purported features including dual camera setup, new antenna design
and other major specifications have been making the rounds online for quite some
time now. However, there is no word yet as to when Apple plans to launch the
devices.That's probably no longer the case, as popular tipster Evan Blass
(@evleaks) seems to have some lead about the release date of the Cupertino-based
company's next flagship.

A few days back, Blass had tweeted that the iPhone 7 would be hitting the
markets in the third week of September. Over the weekend, Blass posted a
follow-up tweet clarifying that the exact date the new iPhone(s) will hit the
market should be September 16."Just to clarify, this refers to the retail
release, not the launch event. To be even more specific, it should happen on
Friday, Sept. 16th." Based on the Apple's previous track record, there is
approximately a two-week gap between the iPhones' launch and the smartphones
actually being available in the stores. Going by that, the company might launch
the next iPhone(s) around September 2 and the launch invitations themselves
should arrive in mid-August. Another rumour suggests that the new iPhone might
be called iPhone 6SE instead of iPhone 7. However, these are nothing but
speculations.Recently, a couple of leaked images claiming to show the alleged
iPhone 7 Pro made their way on to the web. The images show iPhone 7, iPhone 7
Plus and the iPhone 7 Pro side-by-side, both from the front and the back. The
'Pro' version will likely pack a dual-camera setup at the back.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        June 12, 2015 Friday 6:47 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7: When can we expect new smartphone to be released and how much is
it likely to cost?;
GET the complete lowdown on what is sure to be the most-hyped smartphone of the
year right here.

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 665 words


ANTICIPATION is building for the release of Apple's latest iPhone - especially
with rival smartphones ramping up the pressure in the last 12 months.

We've seen the Samsung Galaxy S6, Google's Nexus 6 Blue and the HTC One M9.

But it's the turn of Apple to trynand up the ante lone again with the eagerly
awaited iPhone7.

The notoriously secretive company has already revealed its new iOS 9 operating
system at this year's WWDC. But that's just the precursor to what everyone wants
to know about: the hardware.

Plenty of rumours have already started to fly about what Apple has in store for
its iPhone 7 (or iPhone 6S) handset.

Our friends at sister paper the Mirror have collected all the latest information
into one place so you can get the complete lowdown on what is sure to be the
most-hyped smartphone of the year.

iPhone 7 Concept

Apple iPhone 7: Release date

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's unlikely that we'll see
anything officially revealed until September 2015.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Even if the next version is revealed in September, it's unlikely to actually be
available to buy in the UK until October.

Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

A big clue about what to expect from the iPhone 7's camera was discovered by
developer Hamza Sood inside the iOS 9 code.

The code includes support for a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

What's more, the code also reveals the next iPhone will be able to run FaceTime
at full 1080p high definition. Currently, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can only
manage 720p defintion.

Apple is clearly targeting selfie-mad snappers who prefer the front-facing
camera to the rear-facing one.

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with
theSamsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is a much more contentious issue however. Some rumours have
suggested Apple will reveal three handsets this year, each with a different
screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones.

Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters, Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75per cent of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Quick Quiz: News 12/06/2015

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                        May 10, 2015 Sunday 04:09 PM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Your brain on iPhone 7 and plastic survives

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 516  words


Click for image

Given that Apple sold 61 million iPhones in its most recent quarter and that the
iPhone 6 Plus now dominates the U.S. market for phablets with 5.5-inch screens
or bigger, you might think Apple could coast for a spell, and that rumors of the
iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 would be overkill. But no, the rumor mills cranks
along.Noka Productions

Some people are really into the iPhone, and the filmmakers at Noka Productions
think the iPhone 7 could literally be into you.

Check out the very short film "Upgrade," which its creators describe as "a story
of a young woman who is experiencing an embarrassing malfunction with her older
model of the iPhone and is desperately seeking an upgrade."

iPhone 6c: Really?Noka Productions

That cheap little plastic iPhone 5c introduced a year and a half ago has been
assumed by many an Apple watcher to be the company's last smartphone of that
ilk. The criticisms have been well documented (See "The iPhone 5c is a mistake,
a failure, a disaster, a flop, a dud").

But the vacuum caused by the relative lack of juicy iPhone 7 rumors has
apparently resulted in iPhone 6c scuttlebutt to make some headway. Macworld UK
this week rounded up the iPhone 6c rumors, including that colorful new 4-inch
models could be on the way from Apple later this year - not just 4.7- and
5.5-inch models as is the case with Apple's current flagship line.

Among the clues that something's up are rumors that "Apple has bought most of
Sony's camera sensors for it, leaving the rest of the industry short," Macworld
UK reports.

An intriguing part of this report is that Apple might price the 6c lower than it
did the 5c at launch, decidedly going after the low-end market. But low-end
doesn't necessarily mean the 6c won't gain new features, possibly TouchID, so
that Apple isn't supporting a bunch of different feature types across its lines.

However, if other iPhone rumors pan out, there will still be quite a different
look and feel between 6c and a 6S/6S Plus or iPhone 7. For example, the new
full-blown iPhones might even be made with a super strong aluminum alloy called
7000 Series that's used in the Apple Watch Sport, according to MacRumors, by way
of Taiwan's Economic Daily News.

Plastic indeed.

iPhone 7 rumors need to start somewhere

iPhone 7 design concepts are just that - the results of tech enthusiasts with an
artistic bent blue-skying and sharing their ideas with the world. The latest,
this iPhone 7 concept from the prolific concept designer Martin Hajek, via
Computer Bild in Germany. Highlights include a glowing Apple logo, a
non-protruding double camera and a home button/TouchID fingerprint sensor that
is part of the touchscreen. Coming to an iPhone near you...?

Separately, Apple Insider spotted a new Apple patent for "Invisible Light
Transmission Via a Display Assembly" that could result in smartphones that
display information invisible to the human eye, but readable by machines such as
barcode and QR code scanners. What's more, it could beam "invisible light" that
could help illuminate the user's face for use with apps such as facial
recogniation.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                        March 7, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Fresh Rumors about features of Apple's launches in 2016

BYLINE: Herb Ryder

LENGTH: 266  words


Rumors about features in Apple's upcoming gadgets are doing rounds. Technology
bloggers are claiming that iPhone 7 could have a thickness of 6.3 millimeters.
Other news suggest that most probably, Apple iPhone 7 would not be water-proof,
which was earlier speculated by technology experts tracking Apple.

Apple iPhone 7 is due for release in September and in six months, there can be
many new technologies.

As per reports, Apple is going to launch iPhone SE in March while iPhone 7/Pro
and the iPhone 7S/Pro will be launched in September. But it is speculated that a
fourth secret iPhone could be released this year. The three iPhone 7 models will
be iPhone 7, iPhone 7 plus and iPhone 7 Pro.

Experts have said that magnetic attachment mechanism is considered crucial to
Apple's invention that will connect the listening device to the host cord for
battery recharging and wired audio signal transmission.

Freeing headphones from host device is considered to have many benefits and one
of them being ability to move without getting wrapped up in wires. Apple is not
going to have a curvy iPhone. In fact, Apple is moving to flexible circuitry and
screen technology.

As Apple development continues to work on its 'Campus 2' headquarters,
technology bloggers are trying their best to get the latest news about what is
going on for the next iPhone variant.

A recent 6.4 magnitude earthquake near the Taiwanese city of Tainan is said to
have impacted the production at TSMC, the chip manufacturer and sole supplier of
the A10 SoC meant for iPhone 7.

Apple's supply chain managers have been in touch with TSMC.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 28, 2015 Friday 2:03 PM GMT

iPhone 6s/7 rumours suggest 'best ever' camera will take super high-resolution
snaps and INCREDIBLE selfies;
iDon't believe that picture was taken with a mobile phone - new device is set to
be a snapper's delight

BYLINE: By Jasper Hamill

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 911 words


Apple is preparing to unleash a new camera which will be the best ever seen on
an iPhone, rumour mill churners have claimed.

Although we don't yet know whether the must-have mobile will be called the 6s or
7, there has been a slow drip of information leaking out from behind Apple's
iRon curtain - including the picture above, which allegedly shows the box of the
larger "plus"model.

The latest rumours suggest the camera is due for a "major revamp".

It will be upgraded from 8 to 12 megapixels, allowing Apple fans to take photos
of a much higher resolution than ever before.

The camera is also expected to enable 4K video recording, making it one of the
first phones to feature this super detailed video format.

"The benefits of 4K video recording include compatibility with the latest
consumer television sets, improved stability and clarity, as well as benefits
during post-production editing," wrote the ever-reliable Apple site 9to5Mac.

The new iPhone is also expected to feature a front-facing flash to allow
selfie-obsessed people to take pictures of themselves in dim light.

However, there is some debate about how this will work.

"While some industry watchers have speculated that code in iOS 9 betas indicates
that Apple will add a front-facing LED flash to the new iPhones, sources say
that is not the case," 9to5Mac added.

"Instead, the new iPhone's display will take cues from Snapchat and Photo Booth,
lighting up with a quick white screen when the shutter button for the front
camera is pressed.

"Front-facing panorama shots and slow motion video in 720P are also likely to
make it to the front camera this fall."

The iPhone will be released at a glittering event on September 9.

Here's what we know about the highly-anticipated mobile so far.  Apple iPhone 7:
Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices. Apple iPhone 7: Release date

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C . Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

A big clue about what to expect from the iPhone 7's camera was discovered by
developer Hamza Sood inside the iOS 9 code.

The code includes support for a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

What's more, the code also reveals the next iPhone will be able to run FaceTime
at full 1080p high definition. Currently, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can only
manage 720p defintion.

Apple is clearly targeting selfie-mad snappers who prefer the front-facing
camera to the rear-facing one.

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones. Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7 might be a bit thinner than the iPhone 6s

LENGTH: 244  words


By tbreak Staff -

After the success of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, Apple is gearing up for the
release of the iPhone 7, its latest flagship. As usual, the rumor mill has been
busy, and the latest rumor is that the iPhone 7 will look similar to the iPhone
6s, but thinner.

According to a report from KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the iPhone 7 will be
visually similar to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but it will be 1mm thinner. It
will have the same height and width, and will not be waterproof. For
comparison's sake, the iPhone 6s is currently 7.1mm thin, so if this report is
true, the iPhone 7 will be just 6.1mm thick similar to the iPod touch, which0 is
also 6.1mm thick. The camera at the back will also now be flush with the
device's casing and will not feature the 3.5mm headphone jack. Instead, it might
come with stereo speakers, which should improve sound quality as opposed to the
mono speakers in the earlier iPhones. The iPhone 7 might also come with a
thinner Lightning port than previous iPhones. However, this does not mean that
we will need a new cable or connector, it is just the actual cutout that is made
smaller.

Apple is also working on a revamped, cord free pair of Beats to go along with
the iPhone 7 in lieu of the 3.5mm headphone jack. These headphones will most
likely be sold separately and come with a charging case included.

The iPhone 7 is expected to be unveiled later this year in September.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/89/145691791406.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       July 28, 2016 Thursday 4:15 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, pictures, specs and latest news about latest Apple
gadget;
There's been a lot of speculation about the next iPhone and when it'll be
released in the UK

BYLINE: By men

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 1945 words


Apple's new iPhone could be unveiled to the world in less than two months.

The Californian tech giant - which also makes Macbook computers - usually
reveals the next smartphone in its iPhone line-up at an event in early
September.

The name for this year's model is rumoured to be the iPhone 7, and speculation
of various features and its design has gone into overdrive.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may have already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 12, or a week earlier.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

Camera

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       July 26, 2015 Sunday 02:01 AM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Solar-powered and worried about looks

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 423  words


Click for image

Apple might as well just give up on coming out with an iPhone 6S or iPhone 7
after that, uh, devastating quarterly report in which it beat analysts'
estimates, saw earnings rise 38% and boasted of market share gains - only to see
its stock price plummet. But let's assume they're going to keep plugging ahead.

Solar power to the rescue

In of the most breathless posts we've come across in some time, the Express out
of the UK reports that "The Apple iPhone 7 might NEVER need to be recharged"
(their CAPITALIZATION). The secret sauce will be sub-touchscreen solar power
technology, for which Apple just received a patent.

Though by the end of this brief post, the reporter is already tamping down our
expectations, noting that the patent is vague, that such technology is really
not very new and that you just might not want to toss that Lightning cable quite
yet.

MNR Daily also piled on this news bit, and is hopeful that the technology could
address battery life shortcomings in the iPhone and Apple Watch. Though does
note that even if solar charging isn't just around the corner, power-saving
advances will be available in iOS 9 for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus later this
year.

Speaking of the iPhone 6S...

Slashgear points to a Nowhereelse.fr post about front panels being readied for
the iPhone 6S, as evidence that Apple is definitely planning to introduce new
iPhones this fall. Except it does not that the panels are really the same size
as those of the iPhone 6, so the Nowhereelse.fr photos don't really prove much
of anything.

Back to the iPhone 7

Slashgear, citing an Apple patent filing, reports that the iPhone 7 could
actually look more like the iPhone 4 than the iPhone 6.

Today we're having a peek at the possibility that the iPhone 7 could return to
its slightly more retro "4" roots in look and feel. A refined look that worries
more about fashionability than it does about falling to the ground, breaking
into a million pieces. We're talking about glass on the back of this next iPhone
, not just sides that are (once again) flat.

The patent involves techniques for cutting into "a highly reflective and smooth
surface," presumably on an iPhone.

Latest iPhone 7 concept

Ivo Maric and Tomislay Rastovac dropped their slick iPhone 7 concept design onto
the Internet this week via YouTube, showing off a metal frame, smooth sapphire
glass, 16mp camera, syncing via a new "Apple Dock" and wireless charging
capabilities.

BGR sees the concept as borrowing from both the old iPhone 4 and the new Samsung
Galaxy S6.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                             October 2, 2016 Sunday

Tech talk: Are you upgrading to iPhone 7 Plus?

LENGTH: 463 words


by Courtesy of Artipot Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus water resistant.


Whatever is running inside your mind, we are trying to tell you the differences
in the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone 6s plus. The choice is yours according to
your requirement for luxury, quality, features, technology, and of course the
budget.



Design Remain Identical, Yet Some Improvements

When looking at the design and the size of the handset, there is no change from
last three years. However, Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus water resistant. So,
the submersion for upto 30 minutes cannot harm your phone, while with iPhone 6s
Plus, some splashes are allowed for this device. The headphone jack is no longer
available on the newest iPhone. It is considered as good and has been welcomed
by Apple addicts, due to the new EarPod or wireless AirPod. Luckily, you have
now two more colour options in iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and also a new storage model
of 256GB which is the newest.

Performance Beast or What?

It's genuine for Apple bringing new device with new processor and co-processor.
But, this time, it's not only the A10 chip, it's A10 Fusion chipset with quad
core CPU and 3GB RAM -- an obvious upgrade from the predecessor for faster
performance and more seamless experience. The 4G has also become stronger with
the speed of upto 450mBit.

Camera: The Magical and Most Advanced Part

When we compare iPhones, wonders will never cease. With every new phone, the
camera has become more and more advanced and improved in quality and clarity.
The iSight camera now is not just a phone camera, but a biggest camera module
with hundreds of new and high-end features in iPhone 7 Plus, especially, with
its dual 12MP sensors with OIS and 2x optical zoom.

Battery is Bigger, to be Better:

Removing the headphone jack, company has given more space to the chip and the
battery. But, it seems not too effective with one extra hour of boost than the
iPhone 6s Plus. The new iPhone 7 Plus is although offering a massive battery
with an extra hour of power backup, but it consumes by the haptic motors which
energise the touchscreen to lit-up.

Enormous Space to Store Stuff:

iPhone 7 has just made a revolutionary upgrade in the storage with this new
model. However, there is good news for the budget people who are not good enough
to buy this exorbitantly pricy iPhone 7 Plus 256GB model can go for the
predecessor, because it is better to buy Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB model online
instead of the 32GB iPhone 7 Plus at the almost identical price tag. However, it
is said that Apple will soon give you the 2016 tweak model of iPhone 6s plus
with the upgraded 256GB option.

Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016

http://imgs.syndigate.info/42/89/31/147549623997.jpg

Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus water resistant.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2016 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 17, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Best Deal for Apple iPhone 7 on US Carriers: Save Big Money on your iPhone 7
Purchase

BYLINE: Admin

LENGTH: 136  words


Apple has launched iPhone 7 and many people have already shifted to the latest
iPhone. However, in the rush to get your hands on the latest iPhone, you might
end up paying a lot more.

Apple has launched iPhone 7 and many people have already shifted to the latest
iPhone. However, in the rush to get your hands on the latest iPhone, you might
end up paying a lot more. We have chosen some exclusive deals for you to save
money on your next iPhone. Check out the next pages to figure out the best deal
for you. We have listed them by carrier and by model. All the deals have been
listed with their Pros and Cons. Have a look.If you have any queries, feel free
to comment.

iPhone 7 32 GB costs $649.99

iPhone 7 128 GB costs $749.99

iPhone 7 256 GB costs $849.99

Check out next page for special offers from T-Mobile for iPhone 7

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Watch out! iphone 7 makes a hissing sound like this

LENGTH: 136  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 19 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Apple's iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus makes a hissing sound which may quite
disappoint you. The issue was highlighted by 512 Pixels' Stephen Hackett in a
posting on Twitter.


 Hackett also shared a YouTube link to the hissing sound from his iPhone 7 Plus.

 He wrote on Twitter, "My iPhone 7 Plus makes terrible noises when under load".
 The problem was also corroborated by other users of iphone 7 . Some even said
they could hear "birds", even "clouds", "sprinkler" in iPhone 7!
 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch in India on October 7. Apple iPhone 7
starts at Rs 60,000 for 32GB going all the way to Rs 70,000 for 128GB and Rs
80,000 for 256GB.
 Apple iPhone 7 Plus starts at Rs 72,000 for the 32GB version, while the 128GB
version is priced at Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 for 256GB.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Apple ditches free return policy

LENGTH: 549  words


Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

Apple had previously allowed customers in Hong Kong and Macao to return the
undamaged products for free, with the original receipt and packaging, within 14
days of the pick-up date.

However, buyers will now be charged a 25-percent "open box fee" when returning
their opened Apple or Beats products, and a 15-percent "restocking fee" for
closed-box returns. A tailor-made return policy, in particular, has been
introduced for purchases of more than four products from the same category.

The new policy was released on Apple's website on the same day iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus hit stores in Hong Kong and Macao, where the lucrative scalping
business has become commonplace and distorted the markets with the launch of
every iPhone model over the past few years.

The exact reason behind the policy change, and whether it is a temporary move
until supplies of the highly sought-after iPhone 7 models return to a normal
level, remains unclear at the moment. It is believed the decision has much to do
with the thriving re-sale market in the territories, where an iPhone 7 Plus can
easily be resold at the moment at a 100-percent premium.

Hong Kong resident Thomas Li picked up his pre-ordered jet black 128G iPhone 7
Plus at the Apple Store in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on Sunday. Having gotten his
hands on the new iPhone model, which normally retails for HK$7,388 ($952), for a
few minutes, he just as quickly sold it to a scalper waiting a few feet outside
the Apple Store for HK$15,000.

Merchants at Sin Tat Plaza, Hong Kong's so-called iPhone exchange which
determines the gray market's price for the newly launched iPhone models, quoted
a price of up to HK$21,000 for a jet black 256G iPhone 7 Plus and HK$15,000 for
a jet black 128G iPhone 7 Plus.

A 32G iPhone 7 Plus in gold or rose gold can be sold at a premium of more than
HK$1,000 and the same-colored 128G model can be sold for HK$1,500 more than the
official retail price.

Due to the lack to import taxes and duties, smuggling the latest iPhone models
from Hong Kong into the mainland can be rather profitable, even though the
mainland was selected in the first batch of markets for the launch of the iPhone
7.

Online preordering for the newly released iPhones kicked off on Sept 9 in the
mainland. But many Apple enthusiasts complained about the difficulty of getting
their hands on the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7. It is
unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply.

Apple, which saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China in the quarter ended in
June, pins its hope on the new iPhones to regain its business momentum in the
country where domestic brands such as Huawei and Oppo have seen a surge in
shipments.

Meng Jing contributed to this story

sophia@chinadailyhk.com

An employee shows a customer the new iPhone 7 during the opening day of sales at
an Apple store in Hong Kong on Friday.AFP

(China Daily USA 09/20/2016 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/84/147436470434.jpg

00221917e13e194ac90101.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/50/147436470753.jpg

00221917e13e194ac92502.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Apple ditches free return policy

BYLINE: Luo Weiteng in Hong Kong

LENGTH: 549  words


Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

Apple had previously allowed customers in Hong Kong and Macao to return the
undamaged products for free, with the original receipt and packaging, within 14
days of the pick-up date.

However, buyers will now be charged a 25-percent "open box fee" when returning
their opened Apple or Beats products, and a 15-percent "restocking fee" for
closed-box returns. A tailor-made return policy, in particular, has been
introduced for purchases of more than four products from the same category.

The new policy was released on Apple's website on the same day iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus hit stores in Hong Kong and Macao, where the lucrative scalping
business has become commonplace and distorted the markets with the launch of
every iPhone model over the past few years.

The exact reason behind the policy change, and whether it is a temporary move
until supplies of the highly sought-after iPhone 7 models return to a normal
level, remains unclear at the moment. It is believed the decision has much to do
with the thriving re-sale market in the territories, where an iPhone 7 Plus can
easily be resold at the moment at a 100-percent premium.

Hong Kong resident Thomas Li picked up his pre-ordered jet black 128G iPhone 7
Plus at the Apple Store in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on Sunday. Having gotten his
hands on the new iPhone model, which normally retails for HK$7,388 ($952), for a
few minutes, he just as quickly sold it to a scalper waiting a few feet outside
the Apple Store for HK$15,000.

Merchants at Sin Tat Plaza, Hong Kong's so-called iPhone exchange which
determines the gray market's price for the newly launched iPhone models, quoted
a price of up to HK$21,000 for a jet black 256G iPhone 7 Plus and HK$15,000 for
a jet black 128G iPhone 7 Plus.

A 32G iPhone 7 Plus in gold or rose gold can be sold at a premium of more than
HK$1,000 and the same-colored 128G model can be sold for HK$1,500 more than the
official retail price.

Due to the lack to import taxes and duties, smuggling the latest iPhone models
from Hong Kong into the mainland can be rather profitable, even though the
mainland was selected in the first batch of markets for the launch of the iPhone
7.

Online preordering for the newly released iPhones kicked off on Sept 9 in the
mainland. But many Apple enthusiasts complained about the difficulty of getting
their hands on the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7. It is
unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply.

Apple, which saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China in the quarter ended in
June, pins its hope on the new iPhones to regain its business momentum in the
country where domestic brands such as Huawei and Oppo have seen a surge in
shipments.

Meng Jing contributed to this story

sophia@chinadailyhk.com

An employee shows a customer the new iPhone 7 during the opening day of sales at
an Apple store in Hong Kong on Friday.AFP

(China Daily 09/20/2016 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/84/147434264556.jpg

00221917e13e194ac90101.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/50/147434264721.jpg

00221917e13e194ac92502.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       March 5, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Latest rumors about Apple's future launches

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 591  words


Rumors about features in Apple's upcoming gadgets are doing rounds. Technology
bloggers are claiming that iPhone 7 could have a thickness of 6.3 millimeters.
Other news suggest that most probably, Apple iPhone 7 would not be water-proof,
which was earlier speculated by technology experts tracking Apple.

Apple iPhone 7 is due for release in September and in six months, there can be
many new technologies.

As per reports, Apple is going to launch iPhone SE in March while iPhone 7/Pro
and the iPhone 7S/Pro will be launched in September. But it is speculated that a
fourth secret iPhone could be released this year. The three iPhone 7 models will
be iPhone 7, iPhone 7 plus and iPhone 7 Pro.

Experts have said that magnetic attachment mechanism is considered crucial to
Apple's invention that will connect the listening device to the host cord for
battery recharging and wired audio signal transmission.

Freeing headphones from host device is considered to have many benefits and one
of them being ability to move without getting wrapped up in wires. Apple is not
going to have a curvy iPhone. In fact, Apple is moving to flexible circuitry and
screen technology.

As Apple development continues to work on its 'Campus 2' headquarters,
technology bloggers are trying their best to get the latest news about what is
going on for the next iPhone variant.

A recent 6.4 magnitude earthquake near the Taiwanese city of Tainan is said to
have impacted the production at TSMC, the chip manufacturer and sole supplier of
the A10 SoC meant for iPhone 7.

Apple's supply chain managers have been in touch with TSMC.

The STGist notes that, "First published by Apple topic-centric website 9to5Mac
which has predicted many Apple products in the past, the smaller iPad Pro will
replace the iPad Air meaning from this month onward, Apple might offer a brand
new iPad line which it will call the 'Pro' apart from the iPad Mini and the
older versions of the Air."

"I think if you're looking at a PC, why would you buy a PC anymore? No really,
why would you buy one?" Asks Mr. Cook as written on a piece published at the
Telegraph last year. "Yes, the iPad Pro is a replacement for a notebook or a
desktop for many, many people."

In other news NYTimes reported, "We're on PCs for the day-to-day work," said
Larry Anderson, chief engineer of Teecom, an architectural engineering firm that
bought iPad Pros last year to present drawings to clients and carry digitized
blueprints to construction sites. "But when I go to a meeting, I don't grab my
laptop - I grab my iPad."

"It doesn't surprise us that in these early days of iPad Pro, people are
gravitating to things they can't do with a laptop, like sketching with Apple
Pencil," he said. "What we've seen since the beginning is that as people spend
more time with iPad, more and more of their workflows live there."

In a statement provided to NYTimes News, "We're on PCs for the day-to-day work,"
said Larry Anderson, chief engineer of Teecom, an architectural engineering firm
that bought iPad Pros last year to present drawings to clients and carry
digitized blueprints to construction sites. "But when I go to a meeting, I don't
grab my laptop - I grab my iPad."

He said he thought the iPad Pro could eventually replace his computer, but not
yet because of the limitations of the current apps. Many creative apps designed
for the iPad Pro focus on the start of the design process, like sketches and
rough compositions, while desktop apps have the ability to do more complex image
manipulations, animations and other functions.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       July 31, 2016 Sunday 07:27 AM EST

iPhone 7 release date and pre-order date leaked

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 444  words


Click for image

With year over year iPhone sales on the decline, there is a quite a deal of
pressure on Apple's iPhone 7 to help turn things around. Over the past few weeks
and months, we've seen no shortage of rumors centering on what type of new
features and design choices users can expect to see out of Apple's next-gen
smartphone. And now, with the iPhone unveiling just a little bit more than a
month away, we finally have a grasp on when the iPhone 7 is slated to hit store
shelves.

According to Evan Blass -- a leaker with a stellar track record in the mobile
space -- Apple's iPhone 7 will land in stores on Friday, September 16. Word of
the release date originally appeared via Blass' Twitter account last week.

ltrenJust to clarify, this refers to the retail release, not the launch event.
To be even more specific, it should happen on Friday, Sept. 16th.

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) July 23, 2016

While the date may be subject to change, the rumored launch date aligns nicely
with iPhone launches over the past few years. Every single iPhone has launched
on Friday and every iPhone model going back to the iPhone 5 has launched during
September. iPhone rumors should always be taken with a grain of salt, but Blass'
history of spot-on predictions undoubtedly give this particular rumor much more
weight.

Following up on his tweet from last week, Blass a few days ago also published a
tweet indicating when pre-orders for the iPhone 7 will likely begin - Friday,
September 9.

ltrenConfirmed: Pre-orders start on the 9th. You can extrapolate the launch
event date from there. https://t.co/gwoPzIM1dI

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) July 28, 2016

Pre-orders for any new iPhone typically begin about one week ahead of a
worldwide launch, so again, it stands to reason that Blass' prediction here
rests on firm ground.

Set to be even thinner than the iPhone 6s, the iPhone 7 -- as you've probably
heard by now -- will likely ship without a traditional 3.5mm headphone jack.
Instead, rumor has it that Apple will rely on the Lightning port in order to
provide audio out. As for features worth getting excited about, the device
promises to be much faster thanks to a blazing fast A10 processor and will
likely come with much improved camera technology. The iPhone 7 Plus in
particular may be graced with a dual camera system.

Additionally, various reports have pointed to the entry level iPhone 7 model
coming with 32GB of storage as opposed to 16GB. Even more exciting, and arguably
long overdue, the iPhone 7's battery may come with 15% more capacity than the
iPhone 6s.

Lastly, we've also seen reports that Apple with the iPhone 7 will introduce a
Space Grey option into the mix.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Some Chinese prefer iPhone makeover

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 514  words


Some Chinese are giving their old iPhone models a makeover to look like the
latest iPhone 7 rather than buying new - a trend that could dent Apple Inc's
efforts to boost sales in what has been its biggest growth driver.

Online sites offer shoppers makeover kits, false cameras and even dust plugs to
hide the removed headphone jack to give their iPhone 6 or 6S the appearance of
iPhone 7 - Apple's latest flagship product which launched last month.

The makeover quirk mirrors a broader view among some Chinese users that the
iPhone 7 doesn't have enough new features to convince them to trade up.

"I don't have the money to upgrade, and the (iPhone) 7 is just so-so," said a
Beijing-based sales worker, who said he was getting a Shenzhen firm to replace
his iPhone 6 back casing with a fake iPhone 7 shell.

Searches on platforms including Alibaba's Taobao showed a range of products to
transform older phones to an iPhone 7 - from stickers and engraving services to
replacing the outer casing and even some of the hardware.

"Now people have money and the internet, these are very convenient to do," said
Hu Benshu, who owns an electronics retail outlet in Beijing's popular
Zhongguancun technology hub.

He added that at his store, Apple's iPhone 4 - launched six years ago - is still
the best-seller because of its durability.

Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

Apple has seen its China market share slip to 8.4 percent, lagging behind local
smartphone makers Huawei, Oppo and Vivo, which have won over shoppers with
similar features at lower prices, according to research firm Counterpoint.

"The iPhone 7 series should help Apple regain lost (China) market share as
demand is tracking better than for the iPhone 6s series," said Counterpoint
analyst Neil Shah. "(But) Apple needs to offer something cutting-edge to appeal
to maturing Chinese smartphone users who are warming to local brands."

Apple has something of an opportunity in China as its traditional rival, South
Korea's Samsung Electronics, had to yank its large-screen Galaxy Note 7 off the
market this month as some phones were catching fire.

But consumers and retailers said the iPhone maker faces an uphill task to
convert Samsung fans. One Samsung user wrote online that "an exploding Note 7 is
still better than an un-innovative iPhone 7."

Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said it was "impossible to know" if
there was any effect yet from Samsung halting production of its Note 7 phones.

Of six ex-Samsung smartphone users in China, only one said he would consider
switching to iPhone 7, which was seen lacking groundbreaking features.

"The iPhone 7 design was ... not much of an upgrade," said Zhao Bo, a
26-year-old student from Jilin province, who plans to buy a Samsung C9 Pro after
returning his Note 7.

"There's no headphone jack and the price is so much higher," Zhao said, noting
also that Samsung is offering subsidies to users who trade in their Note 7 for
another Samsung phone.

(China Daily 10/29/2016 page2)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/147771193125.jpg

eca86bda350e197e260f07.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 9:49 AM GMT

iPhone 7 launch: Liverpool Apple Store opens early;
New phone went on sale today - but most customers reserved theirs in advance

BYLINE: By Catherine Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 348 words


Apple's latest smartphone went on sale at the tech giant's Liverpool store today
- but queues were smaller than previous years.

Apple warned on Thursday that initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus had already
sold out the day before launch day, while the jet black iPhone 7 would also not
be available to walk-in customers.

With so many customers reserving phones online, there were fewer people than
expected waiting outside Apple's Liverpool store - but several Apple fans were
still proudly waiting outside when it opened at 8am.

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time. The device also has no headphone jack, meaning
users have to connect headsets wirelessly or through the Lightning port.

20-year-old Jess Punton, from Rainford is among customers left disappointed this
morning when she was unable to get her hands on the new handset.

She said: "I rang Apple yesterday and asked if the new iPhone would be available
in store this morning, they said it would be.

"I have came into Liverpool early and I have been told they are already sold
out, I have now made a reservation for the phone and have a five week wait."

Emma Boner, 22 from Crosby will not be receiving her new gadget until November
as she has ordered the IPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black.

Waiting times for original black model seem to be lower with some customers
today learning there is a two week wait.

Apple said yesterday: "We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales
through our retail stores and partners around the world.

iPhone 7 review - what the critics say about Apple's new handset

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       March 27, 2016 Sunday 02:01 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Here come the airpods and 4K display; beyond the Phablet;
iPhone 5SE mocking

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 406  words


Click for image

Fresh off the underwhelming, as expected, introduction of a new small iPhone 5SE
and more compact iPad Pro tablet, the pressure is on Apple to come up big in the
fall with its iPhone 7. Re/Code's Walter Mossberg, for example, penned a piece
this past week titled "The iPhone 7 had better be spectacular."

And since nothing is more real when it comes to iPhone 7 rumors than a good
solid concept video, let's start off with that.

Goodbye Home Button, Hello Airpods

Designer Miroslav Majdak has posted a video to YouTube that bundles the latest
iPhone 7 rumors into a sexy video featuring obligatory twirling iOS-based
smartphones and a glimpse at what wireless Airpod earbuds with touch sensors
might look like. He gets into way more detail on this page about his iPhone 7
vision, including a Touch ID home button.

Majdak's effort is the latest in a long and growing line of iPhone 7 design
concepts that have surfaced this year.

Another new video, er, trailer, as in Blockbuster Movie Trailer, zeroes in on
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Pro. It features a color- and image-changing home
button, 4K display, 12mp front camera and 20mp rear camera, plus an Octo-core
CPU. We have Glaxon Paul and Ran Avni to thank for this visual beauty, backed by
tingly music from Aswin Sathya.

An Exotic iPhone Phablet

The latest from all-knowing KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo is that Apple is readying a
5.8-inch curved screen iPhone for 2017 that boasts a super energy-efficient
AMOLED display.

Such a glass-encased phone would be bigger than both the 6S and 6S Plus, both of
which have 5.5-inch screens.

Apple Insider, which got ahold of a KGI report on the Apple plans, summed things
up like this: "The special model, thought to serve as a keystone in 2017's
iPhone lineup, is expected to keep Apple in the running with competitors who use
similarly exotic materials in their flagship smartphones. By launching next
year, Apple will have fresh product on offer during the usual 'S' cycle refresh
window, which normally brings internal buffs but little to no aesthetic change."

Hey, if that's what passes for exotic these days, then get fired up...

No really, the iPhone 5SE isn't new

Jimmy Kimmel live takes to the streets to mock people who think the old iPhone 5
is the new 5SE iPhone announced at Monday's underwhelming spring warmup for the
anticipated fall iPhone 7 announcement. The show gave people two iPhone 5s to
compare, and hilarity ensues.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 25, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

7 best apps for iOS 7

LENGTH: 221  words


Apple has just launched the iOS 7 operating system with new looks and vibrant
colours for its iPhones. The company with the launch of the new iPhones
announced the roll out of new and latest software for iphones.

We bring you 7 best apps that will make your iPhone enviable by others. Check
out in the next pages.

Apple intros iOS 7: Stunning UI, free Internet Radio, anti-theft feature

7 disappointing things about the Apple iOS 7

Unhappy with iOS 7? Here's how to downgrade to iOS 6

iOS 7 available for download, but keep your expectations low

iOS 7 first bug detected! Anybody can access photos without passcode

Review: 7 things you won't like about Apple iPhone 5S

13 iFlops: Is Apple out of ideas on innovation?

10 competitors that can dare Apple iPhone 5S

In Pics: Apple iPhone 5S and 5C launch witnesses long queues

iPhone 5S review:  Is this worth $649?

Is Apple aping Samsung, Nokia and HTC to save iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C?

Review: Is the colourful plastic iPhone 5C a good buy in India?

Just launched iPhone 5C and 5S come to India at Rs 46900 and Rs 62990

Bizarre: This is how Apple guards its secrets

Ant Poison to Alice in Wonderland: Things you don't know about Apple

Apple flashback: Jobs Vs John tiff almost killed Apple

Flashback: Nokia evolved from 10 KG to 139 grams

Microsoft-Nokia deal happened because of Lumia 1020 camera!

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2013 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 and Plus available in all Virgin Mobile branches

LENGTH: 179  words


VIRGIN Mobile Saudi Arabia has announced the release of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus last Sept. 24. The iPhone 7 is described as the best, most advanced iPhone
ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and water resistant
design, stereo speaker system.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus were available in Virgin Mobile's 4 branches in
the Kingdom - Tala Mall in Riyadh, Aziz Mall in Jeddah, Noor Mall in Al Madina,
and Al Jubail mall in Al Jubail.

Fouad Halawi, the company's CEO, said Virgin Mobile has provided the iPhone 7 to
its customers in the Kingdom to help serve customers interested in all that is
new in the world of technology. He added Virgin Mobile will provide various
offers in line with the new iPhone devices.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the world's most advanced
mobile operating system.

The new Apple devices are equipped with A10 fusion chips, claimed to be the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone. - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/88/147514567662.jpg

Fouad Halawi

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 3:11 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Apple has said its initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus and the jet black version
of the iPhone 7 have sold out, a day before the smartphones go on sale.

The technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the
pre-order period, which began last Friday, two days after the phone was
revealed.

Queues have already begun to appear outside Apple stores around the world ahead
of the full launch on Friday morning, but Apple confirmed some versions of the
phones would not be available to walk-in customers.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement read.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the
online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and
iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers.
Availability at partner locations for all finishes may vary and we recommend
checking directly with them."

As well as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, a new version of the Apple Watch - known as
the Series 2 and water resistant for the first time - will also go on sale.

"Customers can continue to order all models in all colours on Apple.com. We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible."

The iPhone 7 made headlines when announced as the first iPhone to be water
resistant, and it also sees the removal of the traditional headphone jack in
favour of connection by the Lighting port, currently used for data transfer and
charging.

The tech giant also announced a new set of wireless earphones, called EarPods,
as an alternative connection mehod. They will go on sale later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 3:46 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers;
Technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the pre-order
period

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Apple has said its initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus and the jet black version
of the iPhone 7 have sold out, a day before the smartphones go on sale.

The technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the
pre-order period, which began last Friday, two days after the phone was
revealed.

Queues have already begun to appear outside Apple stores around the world ahead
of the full launch on Friday morning, but Apple confirmed some versions of the
phones would not be available to walk-in customers.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement read.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the
online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and
iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers.
Availability at partner locations for all finishes may vary and we recommend
checking directly with them."

As well as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, a new version of the Apple Watch - known as
the Series 2 and water resistant for the first time - will also go on sale.

"Customers can continue to order all models in all colours on Apple.com. We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible."

The iPhone 7 made headlines when announced as the first iPhone to be water
resistant, and it also sees the removal of the traditional headphone jack in
favour of connection by the Lighting port, currently used for data transfer and
charging.

The tech giant also announced a new set of wireless earphones, called EarPods,
as an alternative connection mehod. They will go on sale later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 3:46 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers;
Technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the pre-order
period

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Apple has said its initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus and the jet black version
of the iPhone 7 have sold out, a day before the smartphones go on sale.

The technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the
pre-order period, which began last Friday, two days after the phone was
revealed.

Queues have already begun to appear outside Apple stores around the world ahead
of the full launch on Friday morning, but Apple confirmed some versions of the
phones would not be available to walk-in customers.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement read.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the
online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and
iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers.
Availability at partner locations for all finishes may vary and we recommend
checking directly with them."

As well as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, a new version of the Apple Watch - known as
the Series 2 and water resistant for the first time - will also go on sale.

"Customers can continue to order all models in all colours on Apple.com. We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible."

The iPhone 7 made headlines when announced as the first iPhone to be water
resistant, and it also sees the removal of the traditional headphone jack in
favour of connection by the Lighting port, currently used for data transfer and
charging.

The tech giant also announced a new set of wireless earphones, called EarPods,
as an alternative connection mehod. They will go on sale later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 3:46 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers;
Technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the pre-order
period

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Apple has said its initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus and the jet black version
of the iPhone 7 have sold out, a day before the smartphones go on sale.

The technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the
pre-order period, which began last Friday, two days after the phone was
revealed.

Queues have already begun to appear outside Apple stores around the world ahead
of the full launch on Friday morning, but Apple confirmed some versions of the
phones would not be available to walk-in customers.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement read.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the
online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and
iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers.
Availability at partner locations for all finishes may vary and we recommend
checking directly with them."

As well as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, a new version of the Apple Watch - known as
the Series 2 and water resistant for the first time - will also go on sale.

"Customers can continue to order all models in all colours on Apple.com. We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible."

The iPhone 7 made headlines when announced as the first iPhone to be water
resistant, and it also sees the removal of the traditional headphone jack in
favour of connection by the Lighting port, currently used for data transfer and
charging.

The tech giant also announced a new set of wireless earphones, called EarPods,
as an alternative connection mehod. They will go on sale later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 3:46 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers;
Technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the pre-order
period

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Apple has said its initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus and the jet black version
of the iPhone 7 have sold out, a day before the smartphones go on sale.

The technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the
pre-order period, which began last Friday, two days after the phone was
revealed.

Queues have already begun to appear outside Apple stores around the world ahead
of the full launch on Friday morning, but Apple confirmed some versions of the
phones would not be available to walk-in customers.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement read.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the
online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and
iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers.
Availability at partner locations for all finishes may vary and we recommend
checking directly with them."

As well as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, a new version of the Apple Watch - known as
the Series 2 and water resistant for the first time - will also go on sale.

"Customers can continue to order all models in all colours on Apple.com. We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible."

The iPhone 7 made headlines when announced as the first iPhone to be water
resistant, and it also sees the removal of the traditional headphone jack in
favour of connection by the Lighting port, currently used for data transfer and
charging.

The tech giant also announced a new set of wireless earphones, called EarPods,
as an alternative connection mehod. They will go on sale later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 3:46 PM GMT

iPhone 7 Plus and jet black iPhone 7 sold out to pre-order customers;
Technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the pre-order
period

BYLINE: By Dan Kay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Apple has said its initial stocks of the iPhone 7 Plus and the jet black version
of the iPhone 7 have sold out, a day before the smartphones go on sale.

The technology giant said the entire stockpile has been bought during the
pre-order period, which began last Friday, two days after the phone was
revealed.

Queues have already begun to appear outside Apple stores around the world ahead
of the full launch on Friday morning, but Apple confirmed some versions of the
phones would not be available to walk-in customers.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement read.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the
online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and
iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers.
Availability at partner locations for all finishes may vary and we recommend
checking directly with them."

As well as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, a new version of the Apple Watch - known as
the Series 2 and water resistant for the first time - will also go on sale.

"Customers can continue to order all models in all colours on Apple.com. We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible."

The iPhone 7 made headlines when announced as the first iPhone to be water
resistant, and it also sees the removal of the traditional headphone jack in
favour of connection by the Lighting port, currently used for data transfer and
charging.

The tech giant also announced a new set of wireless earphones, called EarPods,
as an alternative connection mehod. They will go on sale later this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     August 17, 2016 Wednesday 07:52 AM EST

Expect iPhone 7, not iPhone 7 Pro this time around

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 216  words


Click for image

Apple watchers at Japan's Mac Otokara website affirm based on "reliable
sources," that Apple indeed will call its upcoming smartphones the iPhone 7 and
7 Plus, passing on a possible iPhone 7 Pro.

There have been rumors that Apple would deliver three new phones in September,
with the iPhone 7 Pro featuring a dual-lens camera. It appears now that Apple
will stick with two new phones, including the dual-lens camera in the iPhone 7
Plus.

MORE: Best iPhone 7 Design Concepts of 2016

After having introduced iPad Pro tablets last year, it was conceivable that
Apple might have initiated a Pro line of iPhones, too.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are expected to start at 32GB of storage, boast better
battery life, include a more powerful processor, forego a traditional 3.5mm
headphone jack in favor of an Apple Lightning connectivity option and feature
other upgrades over the most recent iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. As with those models,
4.7- and 5.5-inch models are expected this time around.

The real excitement will start post-September, as rumors go wild over what Apple
has planned for 2017, during which it will celebrate the 10th anniversary of its
smartphone with the iPhone 8 ...or whatever the company has in store.

Apple is expected to announce its iPhone 7 and 7 Plus devices on Sept. 7.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus pre-order begins today; these countries can book
it

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- Zee Media Bureau
 The Pre-orders of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will open on Friday. The phones
will be available in more than 25 countries beginning September 16 and will also
be available to customers in India beginning October 7.


 MUST READ
 iPhone 7 to hit Indian shores on October 7, price starts at Rs 60,000
 Technology giant had launched the highly-anticipated smartphones beginning at
USD 649 with advanced technologies like immersive stereo speakers and air pods
and the new phones will be available to customers in India beginning October.
 Apple CEO Tim Cook took the stage in San Francisco to introduce the iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus, calling it the "best, most advanced iPhone ever, packed with
unique innovations that improve all the ways iPhone is used every day."
 MUST READ
 Five takeaways from Apple iPhone 7 launch event
 The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems, come with more power and
performance, more battery life, immersive stereo speakers and is the first water
and dust resistant iPhone.
 Here is the list of countries (in alphabetical order) who can book the phone
today
 Australia
 Austria
 Belgium
 Canada
 China
 Denmark
 Finland
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Luxembourg
 Mexico
 Netherlands
 New Zealand
 Norway
 Portugal
 Puerto Rico
 Singapore
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 Taiwan
 UAE
 UK
 US Virgin Islands
 US

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                October 8, 2016

Wait over; Indian Apple fans finally grab iPhone 7

BYLINE: FPJ Bureau

LENGTH: 237  words


Noida (Uttar Pradesh): At the stroke of 7 pm on Friday, the month-long wait to
grab an iPhone 7 came to an end as Apple enthusiasts, who pre-ordered iPhone 7
and 7 Plus devices, swarmed Apple flagship and retail stores across the country
to grab their handsets.

After receiving a stupendous response from 28 countries in the first phase,
beginning from September 16, and additional 30 countries from September 24,
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus finally arrived in India and the mood was upbeat. "I want to
thank Apple enthusiasts for breaking all records with the new iPhone 7 launch.
This launch is beyond comparison in India. This is iPhone 7, after all," Mikey
Todd, Managing Director, iZenica, Apple Premium Reseller in India, told IANS.
Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black),
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models,
starting at Rs 60,000.

For Neha Rana, 24, holding her very own iPhone 7 was worth a long wait.

"Getting an iPhone on the very first day before others means a lot. My heart
skipped several beats as I held it for the first time. It's like carrying the
classiest brand in your pocket which speaks on its own," Rana, who got the
device from the iZenica Apple Store at GIP Mall here, told IANS.

iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus), a
pressure-sensitive home button, 7MP HD front camera and 12MP rear main camera.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus launched: Here's all you need to know about the
new phones

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 414  words

DATELINE: San Francisco


The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have been announced. They will be available
in India exactly a month later, from October 7. Even if you have read the
reports of the launch and the new features, we are sure there are a lot of
questions lingering in your minds about the new phones. We try to answer them
here:

What all were announced at the Apple event?

Apple announced two new phones, the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5inch iPhone 7
Plus. There is also the latest version of the Apple Watch called the Series 2,
as well as a new wireless headset called the Apple AirPod.

What is new in Apple iPhone 7?

The design is a bit different as the lines have given way to solid colour, among
them a matte-finish solid black and glossy jet black versions. Also, the iPhone
7 Plus has a dual camera set-up which makes it look different in the rear. Also,
both phones no longer have the headphone jack and will connect to audio devices
using the lightning port. The home button now offers taptic feedback and you
will feel a buzz from time to time. Both phones will be powered by a quad-core
A10 Fusion processor with two high-efficiency and two high-power cores each.
Apple claims the battery life will be at least two hours more than the earlier
versions.

What is Apple iPhone price in India?

The Apple iPhone 7 is priced in India at R60,000 onwards. Apple has not
announced prices of the iPhone 7 Plus for India. We expect this pricing to be at
least R10,000 more given that the US price difference is $120 between the two.
We will know the final pricing closer to the launch date.

Is the Apple iPhone price cheaper this time?

Yes, because the iPhone 6s was launched in India with a pricing of R62,000. If
you consider that the price was for a 16GB model, buyers will get more value
this time as the base model now is 32GB.

So, is the 16GB iPhone dead?

Yes, pretty much. In fact, even the last year's version will now start from
32GB. While there is no 16GB in the new models, here is no 64GB either. So the
price differential from 32GB to 128GB and 256GB will be quite significant. Brace
for that.

Is there a 3.5mm jack in the phones?

No, there is no 3.5mm jack. Apple has moved on to the lightning port to connect
the headphone. However, it understands that a lot of its users will have good
headphones with the older pin and hence the new phones will come with a
lightning to 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter. We can almost hear you say thank God
for that.

Travel for this report was sponsored by Apple

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             June 14, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending June 14;
Hazy on details, for iPhone 5S, ginormous screens

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1946 words


Think of Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference this week as a giant tea cup,
drained to the dregs of loose leaf teaand the entire iOSphere leaning-in to read
the soggy remains and figure out what the heck is happening with iPhone 6.

In the WWDC aftermath, it's clear that CEO Tim Cook has been successful in his
pledge to "double down on secrecy." The iOSphere is reading the WWDC tea leaves
for the future iPhone plans. But no one seems to know any more about them today
than we knew following the announcement of iPhone 5 in October 2012.

[RELATED: 10 takeaways from Apple's WWDC] [MORE: 14 manliest high-tech Father's
Day gifts] This week: iOS 7 gives clues and cues about the Next iPhones, though
the details are actually kind of hazy. Quite hazy, actually.

Also there is no iPhone 5S. Just accept that. And the Next iPhone will have
ginormous screens. Unless that's a fabrication or a typo.

You read it here second.

___________"I can't help but think that Cook, Ive, and the rest of the Apple
team won't be able to resist matching the biggest change in iOS since its
launch, with a big iPhone hardware change too."~ Vincent Nguyen, Slashgear,
explaining his reasoning on why the Next iPhone will be a Big Change.__________
iPhone 6 features revealed or at least hinted at in iOS 7...kind of Since there
were no iPhone announcements at WWDC, the iOSphere "analyzed" iOS 7 to discover
clues, cues, hints, indications, intimations, suggestions or traces that point
to the next iPhones.

It was a mixed bag.

Slashgear started off promisingly, with the headline "iOS 7 and the rebirth of
iPhone," a post by Vincent Nguyen. "[A]lready I'm confident that iOS 7 will
bring me back over from Android, not to mention open the door to some hardware
surprises later in the year," he writes.

What might those surprises be, and how might they be the rebirth of the iPhone?
Oddly, Nguyen never actually says.

"What I'm left expecting, though, is something equally pivotal to run it on," he
writes. "The current thinking is that Apple's next smartphone will be the iPhone
5S, a more subtle update to the existing phone, with a significant refresh
[considered to be iPhone 6] waiting until 2014. I can't help but think that
Cook, Ive, and the rest of the Apple team won't be able to resist matching the
biggest change in iOS since its launch, with a big iPhone hardware change too."

What could this big iPhone hardware change be? Probably not a bigger screen,
Nguyen says, surprisingly. "The display is still likely to be a 4-inch Retina
panel, since that satisfies that all-important one-handed use issue...."

His best guess? The phone will, somehow, be inspired by the new Mac Pro. "I'd
guess at a form-factor that borrows cues from the other eye-catching part of the
WWDC keynote, the new Mac Pro," Nguyen reasons. "That, with its crisply
minimalistic polished aluminum enclosure, is the new pinnacle of Apple's design
ethos, and would be a great starting point to build the new iPhone from."

We're not exactly sure what he means by this. The iPhone 5 already has a pretty
crisply minimalistic aluminum enclosure. And the photo with his post shows only
the interior of the Mac Pro, with its vaguely steampunkish aesthetic, rather
than the smooth, polished aluminum shell that covers it.

"Which phone works most effectively for me; which implements its features in
ways that look and operate the most successfully," Nguyen wonders. "Already, I'm
seeing a whole lot to iOS 7 that signals it will deliver on that." But, again,
he never really explains what the "whole lot" is that he's seeing.

GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith seems convinced that iOS 7 shows or at least "hints"
that the Next Big Thing in the Next iPhone is precisely what Nguyen discounts: a
bigger screen. He makes his case in his post, "iPhone 6 Hints From iOS 7" but
especially in his companion 3:47-minute YouTube video, which neatly shows some
of the new features in the iOS 7 beta installed on his iPhone 5.

Here's his main assumption: iOS 7 lets you swipe, from wider areas onscreen, to
do more tasks "and the swipes are not limited to small touch points." Therefore,
as he says, "All of these small changes make it easier to use a larger display
iPhone 6 with one hand because there is not a need to reach to a corner or hit
small touch points."

He also argues that the "improved landscape support" in iOS 7, meaning when you
hold the phone horizontally, is "a small step towards better support for
landscape on the [future, bigger-screened] iPhone. The iPad and iPad mini offer
landscape support throughout and it is a big part of how many use those
devices."

"Why are we talking about an iPhone 6 with a larger display already?" he asks.
Good question. The not-very-good answer: "Well, rumors point to an iPhone 6 in
2014 that includes a larger display."

This seems kind of like the "if all you have is a hammer, then everything looks
like a nail" idea. The problem with the iPhone, according to one group of
critics, is that increasing the screen to 4.0 inches means it's still small
compared to 5.0 or 5.5 or 6.0 or even 4.8. So Apple must release a larger-screen
phone; and therefore the UI changes in iOS 7 have been made for that purpose.

iPhone 5S doesn't exist so plan on the iPhone 6 The irrepressible Will Stabley,
founder of StableyTimes, was one of the very very few in the iOSphere who could
discern what WWDC truly revealed about the Next iPhone.

His post, "iPhone 6: six things Apple, Tim Cook, and iOS 7 just told us about
it," is a model of decisiveness: "There is no iPhone 5S."

One of the six things is "What it looks like." Stabley: "During the iOS 7 demos
Apple included the image to the left, which looks unlike any current or past
iPhone. Either it's the iPhone 6 or Apple has now taken to using meaningless
stub graphics of imaginary Apple devices in its keynote presentations. There is
no iPhone 5S: Apple didn't completely redesign iOS just to have it run on the
same old hardware, so look for the iPhone 6 to directly follow the iPhone 5."

You didn't realize that the "S" in 5S stood for "same old hardware."

He also discovered "When the iPhone 6 is arriving." His reasoning goes like
this: "Apple says iOS 7 is arriving in the fall, which according to the 2013
calendar means anywhere from September 22nd to December 20th. That's right, the
technical definition of fall is a bit skewed from what most people commonly
consider it to be. But Apple has never launched a new iPhone later than mid
October. [Apple has announced exactly two of six iPhones in the fall, Oct. 2011,
Sept. 2012.] In other words, look for the iPhone 6 in September. Unless "fall"
was a worst case scenario estimate in case iOS 7 beta testing progresses slowly,
in which case an August release may not be out of the question. But what Apple
really told us is that it doesn't precisely know when it'll launch the iPhone
6."

Not only do we not know when the iPhone 6 is arriving, but no one at Apple does
either.

iPhone 6 will have bigger screen(s) A very carefully worded Reuters story is,
despite that care, already being widely misinterpreted as saying that Apple is
set to announce two new iPhones, one with a 4.7-inch screen and one with a
5.7-inch screen.

The Reuters headline is strikingly odd: "Apple looking at bigger iPhone screens,
multiple colors - sources." It's odd because most headlines don't feature
"sources." It's as if Reuters is assuring readers "we got more than one person
talking to us about this! It's not a rumor! Trust us!"

There are four sources, in fact: "people with knowledge of the matter" who
shared that knowledge with Reuters reporters Clare Jim, Reiji Murai and Poornima
Gupta.

Here's the opening: "Apple Inc is exploring launching iPhones with bigger
screens, as well as cheaper models in a range of colors, over the next year,
said four people with knowledge of the matter, as it takes a cue from rival
Samsung Electronics."

A bit later, it adds this: "Apple is looking at introducing at least two bigger
iPhones next year - one with a 4.7-inch screen and one with a 5.7-inch screen -
said the sources, including those in the supply chain in Asia. They said
suppliers have been approached with plans for the larger screens, but noted it
is still unclear whether Apple will actually launch its flagship product in the
larger sizes."

[In the first of two posts on this story, with no links to it or even mentioning
Reuters, Will Stabley of the eponymous StableyTimes ("a new kind of news"),
claims this is pure rumor mongering: "So when this morning's rumor dropped that
the iPhone 6 will be an ungodly five and three quarter inches large, instead of
recognizing it for the fabrication of typo [apparently intended as "fabrication
or typo"] that it is, the industry is attempting to match up the '5.7 inch
iPhone 6' claim with their imaginary multi-billion dollar phablet market." In
March Samsung announced the ungodly 6.3-inch Galaxy Mega.] The key words in the
two Reuters paragraphs above are "exploring" and "looking at." It's almost a
certainty that Apple has been exploring and looking at different screen sizes
for the iPhone (and iPad) for years, because it takes years for complex
electronics products to be designed, tested, redesigned, finalized, and
manufactured, marketed, distributed and sold at scale.

At bottom, the Reuters story describes not the next iPhone or even next year's
iPhone, but the process through which Apple develops the iPhone, by working with
an intricate network of suppliers and other partners. The story itself alludes
to this: "'They [Apple] constantly change product specifications almost to the
final moment, so you're not really sure whether this is the final prototype,'
said one person with direct knowledge of the matter."

As the Reuters story notes, Apple CEO Tim Cook was asked during an interview at
May's AllThingsD conference "why Apple hasn't launched different sized iPhones."
His reply: "We haven't so far. That doesn't shut off the future."

Of course it doesn't. That reply actually says far more than it first seems to.
Asymco's Horace Dediu offered his interpretation of Cook's full set of remarks
on this subject.

One of Dediu's points is this: "The [extended] iPhone portfolio may still
arrive. It hasn't so far because the cost/benefit is not there for Apple. On one
hand it would take a great deal more sourcing effort and risk while dealing with
constraints in production. On the other it would not offer meaningful additions
to the customer base. At least so far. The economics and the demand may change
(or have changed) and the time will come for a broader portfolio."

A cost/benefit analysis is a moving target, because the economics involved and
demand are constantly changing. Apple is paying attention to these changes, and
to its markets. It's clear that so far - up to the release of the iPhone 5 -
Apple's analysis of the cost/benefit is dramatically different from that of much
of the iOSphere.

How might that portfolio extension be made? As Dediu interprets Cook, "changing
screen size is one dimension but it has to be balanced by performance gains that
don't detract from other dimensions. Engineering is all about compromise and
consumers pay Apple to make these compromises in an intelligent way. Apple does
not come to an answer to the question of balance by launching many products and
seeing what works. It cannot afford to dilute its brand with a long list of
failures. Other brands may not be affected by trial-and-error approaches to the
market but they are discounted by the customer accordingly."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Sunday Nation (Kenya)

                               September 11, 2016

WAMBUGU: What a buzz the new iPhone has created

BYLINE: SAM WAMBUGU

LENGTH: 651  words


Last Wednesday, Apple, the iPhone maker, released its new flagship, the iPhone
7, and its cousin, iPhone 7 Plus.


If you are a fan of Apple products, September is usually a month to look forward
to. Last Wednesday, Apple, the iPhone maker, released its new flagship, the
iPhone 7, and its cousin, iPhone 7 Plus.
This has come a month after Apple celebrated selling its billionth phone since
iPhones were introduced to the market nine years ago.


The question is: Is it worth buying? Or, by extension, is it an innovative
product worthy of all the attention it is getting?
The new phone has a faster processor, longer battery life and more storage.
The iPhone 7 features a 12-megapixel camera with image stabilisation, a larger
aperture and a six-element lens, all of which will combine to produce better
photos than is possible on previous models.
Where things get more interesting is with the larger iPhone 7 Plus model, which
houses not one but two cameras. The iPhone is renowned for taking great photos.

Even by that measure, the iPhone 7 Plus contains some new technology that
promises to push phone photography to a whole new level.
The Plus has the same wide-angle lens as its smaller cousin, but also a second
miniature telephoto lens that allows for two times optical zoom.
Optical zoom is important because it allows the lens to get nearer to the
subject, as opposed to digital zoom, which is a software trick used by all phone
cameras to simulate real close-ups, but in actual fact the photo appears
degraded.
ZOOMING TO FACTOR 10
The iPhone 7 Plus will be capable of zooming in to a factor of 10. For consumers
who like to snap photos, that's a definite selling point. Apple follows HTC, LG,
and Huawei down the dual-shooter path.
The company has opted to double the storage of its entire iPhone range, with
32GB, 64GB and 128GB options. That gets rid of the much-hated, bottom of the
range 16GB iPhone.
Apple's relatively stingy storage options has long proven an extra problem
because the company doesn't let buyers add external storage to the phones.
With many Android devices, a slot is provided for an SD card that can
dramatically boost the storage -- but iPhone users have to take what they buy.
The phone is also water and dust proof. Though that phone has received a fairly
high waterproof rating, which means that it is splash resistant -- Apple won't
actually be able to replace any phone that breaks down after getting wet.
Apple's own warranty makes clear that water damage is still possible and that,
if it happens, it won't be able to fix the phone for free.

The company also warns: "Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone. Liquid damage
not covered under warranty."
Apple has also eliminated the iPhone's headphone jack in favour of connecting
earphones via its Lightning charging port, or wirelessly by EarPods.
The EarPods will last five hours on one charge. Their case will also hold
24-hours of charge, meaning they can be placed back in there when they run out
of battery.
The pods resemble miniature hair dryers. They are small and liable to get lost.
They have to be bought separately from the phone.
The new iPhones feature stereo speakers and immersive sound that is two times
louder than iPhone 6s, offering increased dynamic range of sound and a higher
quality speakerphone.
The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in silver, gold and rose gold finishes and
introduce two all-new black finishes -- a black finish appearance and a
jet-black finish that has a deep, high-gloss look.
If you have fallen for this phone, be prepared to fork out not less that
Sh70,000 when it reaches Kenya next month.
Wambugu is an informatics specialist. Samwambugu@gmail.com @samwambugu2

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1383/94/147353588481.jpg

A man tests out an iPhone 7 Plus during a media event at Bill Graham Civic
Auditorium in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. PHOTO | AFP

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1383


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Consumers will have to wait to buy jet-black iPhones from Apple stores

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 411 words


Apple hasn't released any preorder numbers for the latest pair of iPhones, but
the company has let one nugget about sales slip out: If you want a jet-black
iPhone, you may have to wait awhile.

The company says phones with the new, glossy black finish for the iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus won't be on shelves in Apple stores on Friday.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus," Apple said in a statement to The Washington Post. "During the online
preorder period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and iPhone
7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers."

The jet-black iPhone models come only in the phone's higher storage capacities,
128 gigabyte and 256 gigabyte.

Shoppers may have luck finding the jet-black phones at carrier stores or other
retail stores, such as Best Buy or Target. But you may want to call ahead before
you go to the store (or camp out in line) to make sure you can get what you
want.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are also available in rose gold, gold, silver and
Apple's other black finish. The firm said shoppers will be able to find all of
those hues in Apple stores and other retail stores starting Friday.

Those who really want the shiny jet-black finish can still order the phone they
want -- though it will require patience. Orders for the jet-black iPhone on
Apple's website have shipping dates that push into November.

Apple has said that it will not release preorder sales information for this pair
of smartphones, as had been its custom, because it thought that the phones will
sell out and that sales will be limited only by supply.

Skeptics have said that Apple's decision indicates it's worried that the latest
phones, which are more of an incremental update than many had hoped, won't sell
in the way we have come to expect from Apple. That's a valid concern, given that
some may look at the new phones and decide not to upgrade so quickly.

Early statements from major U.S. carriers, however, indicate that preorders are
on pace with past years or better. Verizon Executive Vice President Marni Walden
said at a mobile industry conference that iPhone preorders were "business as
usual," according to a report from Bloomberg News. Meanwhile, AT&T, Sprint and
T-Mobile have said that preorders are higher than for the iPhone 6S. Sprint, a
smaller carrier, said preorders were "up more than 375 percent" from the first
three days of iPhone sales last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple shop staff hand out the new iPhone 7 to customers at the Apple
store in Berlin, Friday, Sept. 16, 2016. Apple's newest mobile devices, the
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus went on sale in the country on Friday. (AP Photo/Markus
Schreiber)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:54 PM GMT

Apple accidentally reveals iPhone 7 on Twitter minutes before official launch;
The company tweeted two videos, one showing water splashing onto the new device
and one showing the device spinning round, revealing dual stereo speakers and NO
headphone jack

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 414 words


Apple has accidentally leaked the iPhone 7 on its new Twitter account, just
minutes before the event kicked off in San Francisco.

The company tweeted two videos, one showing water splashing onto the new device
and one showing the device rotating slowly, revealing dual stereo speakers and
NO headphone jack.

The tweets were quickly deleted but appeared to show that the iPhone 7 will be
waterproof and have stereo speakers rather than an iPhone socket - confirming
two of the biggest rumours ahead of the launch.

iPhone 7 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 trailer and Pokemon Go app unveiled, Super
Mario Run coming to the app store

Apple has live blogged its own events in the past, with pictures and text
appearing below the live stream on its website.

However, the company has always steered clear of social networks as a general
rule.

Apple broke with tradition earlier this year and launched a customer support
account on Twitter, offering "tips and tutorials" on Apple products.

Amazon also accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one hour
before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

Amazon has just accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one
hour before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras. The phone will reportedly have four LED
flash lights - two in cool colours, and two in warm colours - and an ambient
light sensor.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 3:46 AM GMT

Apple's water-resistant iPhone 7 and 7 Plus go on sale

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 282 words


Apple's latest smartphone, the iPhone 7, goes on sale alongside a new version of
the Apple Watch today, with smaller queues than previous years expected outside
the tech giant's retail stores.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

But some industry experts have questioned the need to update to the new device
ahead of a major upgrade expected in the 10th anniversary iPhone due to be
released next year.

However, Apple revealed on Thursday that the iPhone 7 Plus, which comes with
dual rear cameras for the first time, has already sold out in all colours during
the pre-order period, while the polished Jet Black finish iPhone 7 will also not
be available to walk-in customers on launch day.

This announcement is likely to also affect the size of queues outside stores.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement said.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

Upon announcing the new device earlier this month, Apple boss Tim Cook said the
tech giant's aim was to create the "most advanced smartphone" it has ever made.

The iPhone 7 also sees the removal of the device's headphone jack, with users
now needing to connect headsets via the Lightning port, or use wireless
headphones.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 3:46 AM GMT

Apple's water-resistant iPhone 7 and 7 Plus go on sale

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 282 words


Apple's latest smartphone, the iPhone 7, goes on sale alongside a new version of
the Apple Watch today, with smaller queues than previous years expected outside
the tech giant's retail stores.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

But some industry experts have questioned the need to update to the new device
ahead of a major upgrade expected in the 10th anniversary iPhone due to be
released next year.

However, Apple revealed on Thursday that the iPhone 7 Plus, which comes with
dual rear cameras for the first time, has already sold out in all colours during
the pre-order period, while the polished Jet Black finish iPhone 7 will also not
be available to walk-in customers on launch day.

This announcement is likely to also affect the size of queues outside stores.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement said.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

Upon announcing the new device earlier this month, Apple boss Tim Cook said the
tech giant's aim was to create the "most advanced smartphone" it has ever made.

The iPhone 7 also sees the removal of the device's headphone jack, with users
now needing to connect headsets via the Lightning port, or use wireless
headphones.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 3:46 AM GMT

Apple's water-resistant iPhone 7 and 7 Plus go on sale

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 282 words


Apple's latest smartphone, the iPhone 7, goes on sale alongside a new version of
the Apple Watch today, with smaller queues than previous years expected outside
the tech giant's retail stores.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

But some industry experts have questioned the need to update to the new device
ahead of a major upgrade expected in the 10th anniversary iPhone due to be
released next year.

However, Apple revealed on Thursday that the iPhone 7 Plus, which comes with
dual rear cameras for the first time, has already sold out in all colours during
the pre-order period, while the polished Jet Black finish iPhone 7 will also not
be available to walk-in customers on launch day.

This announcement is likely to also affect the size of queues outside stores.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement said.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

Upon announcing the new device earlier this month, Apple boss Tim Cook said the
tech giant's aim was to create the "most advanced smartphone" it has ever made.

The iPhone 7 also sees the removal of the device's headphone jack, with users
now needing to connect headsets via the Lightning port, or use wireless
headphones.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      August 30, 2016 Tuesday 11:45 AM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 launch: Release date, price and all the latest news and
rumours;
The new iPhone is expected to have more storage space - but could be dropping
the headphone jack

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 607 words


Apple are hosting an announcement on September 7, which means one thing - a new
iPhone model is on the way.

The tech giant are expected to give an official announcement about the
long-rumoured iPhone 7 at the presentation - potentially along with a new Apple
Watch.

It's two years since the iPhone 6 was unveiled, with the iPhone 6S adding a few
extra features upon its 2015 launch, and the new unit is likely to bring several
significant changes to Apple's flagship smartphone.

Here's what the rumours are saying about the new phone so far.

Read more

The best iPhone apps in the world, according to Apple

1) It might drop the headphone jack

This would be a controversial move - but it's something that's been in the
pipeline for a while.

Insiders say that Apple are keen to drop the headphone input on the iPhone, as
the size of the jack means they currently can't make their phones any thinner.

If the headphone jack is indeed taken away, users will either connect wireless
headphones via Bluetooth, or plug their cans into the lightning port.

2) It could have a curved-edge design

The Samsung Galaxy remains iPhone's biggest rival - and its top-of-the-line unit
features beautiful curved edges with a screen that extends along them.

It's expected that Apple will try to maximise their screen space, and could
either implement a similar curved design, or at least have a screen that goes
right to the edge of the handset.

3) It will probably be out on September 16

The iPhone 7 announcement is due on September 7, and the units usually go on
sale very shortly after - often on a Friday.

According to mobile expert Evan Blass, the upgrade will be available to Apple
fanatics on September 16.

Just to clarify, this refers to the retail release, not the launch event. To be
even more specific, it should happen on Friday, Sept. 16th.

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) July 23, 2016

4) It could be better value

As anyone who bought a 16GB iPhone 6 will know, it's really not enough space to
keep all of your favourite photos, music, podcasts, and apps.

Those who have spent the last few months constantly deleting data to free up
space will be pleased to hear that the base unit of the iPhone 7 is expected to
include 32GB of hard drive space - but with a price that will match the 16GB
entry point from around £539.

Read more

How to free up space on your iPhone without deleting your apps

Frank Ocean releases brand new visual album Endless on Apple Music

Apple iPhone 5C 'blew up and burned me'

5) The camera could have a dual-lens

There's plenty of speculation over exactly how Apple will upgrade the already
impressive iPhone camera - but the biggest rumour surrounds the idea of a
dual-lens.

Leaked images appear to show two camera lenses on the back of the unit, which
will allow for even crisper and sharper snaps.

Dual lenses could be a game changer for the next iPhone 7 camera according to
this leaked image. #iPhone7#Applepic.twitter.com/6NVCNHodOs

- Duct Tape Workshop (@ducttapews) August 23, 2016

6) It might be waterproof(ish)

Fed up of keeping a bag of rice nearby just in case you drop your iPhone in a
puddle - or worse?

Since the last iPhone release, Samsung have been boasting in adverts about their
water-resistant S7 - a feature Apple will surely want to replicate.

Idea: they could have Frank Ocean fans crying onto a waterproof IPhone 7 as part
of the R&B singer's Apple exclusivity period.

7) It will feature a more powerful processor

A new iPhone means a new processing chip - and the iPhone 7 should include an
all-new A10. The standard unit should have a 1960 mAh battery (an improvement on
the 6S' 1715 mAh), while the iPhone 7 Plus is likely to boast 3GB of RAM.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      August 30, 2016 Tuesday 11:45 AM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 launch: Release date, price and all the latest news and
rumours;
The new iPhone shouldhave more storage space - but could be dropping the
headphone jack

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 609 words


Apple are hosting an announcement on September 7, which means one thing - a new
iPhone model is on the way.

The tech giant are expected to give an official reveal for the long-rumoured
iPhone 7 at the presentation - potentially along with a new Apple Watch.

It's two years since the iPhone 6 was unveiled, with the iPhone 6S adding a few
extra features upon its 2015 launch, and the new unit is likely to bring several
significant changes to Apple's flagship smartphone.

Here's what the rumours are saying about the new phone so far.

Read more

The best iPhone apps in the world, according to Apple

1) It might drop the headphone jack

This would be a controversial move - but it's something that's been in the
pipeline for a while.

Insiders say that Apple are keen to drop the headphone input on the iPhone, as
the size of the jack means they currently can't make their phones any thinner.

If the headphone jack is indeed taken away, users will either connect wireless
headphones via Bluetooth, or plug their cans into the lightning port.

2) It could have a curved-edge design

The Samsung Galaxy remains iPhone's biggest rival - and its top-of-the-line unit
features beautiful curved edges with a screen that extends along them.

It's expected that Apple will try to maximise their screen space, and could
either implement a similar curved design, or at least have a screen that goes
right to the edge of the handset.

3) It will probably be out on September 16

The iPhone 7 announcement is due on September 7, and the units usually go on
sale very shortly after - often on a Friday.

According to mobile expert Evan Blass, the upgrade will be available to Apple
fanatics on September 16.

Just to clarify, this refers to the retail release, not the launch event. To be
even more specific, it should happen on Friday, Sept. 16th.

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) July 23, 2016

4) It could be better value

As anyone who bought a 16GB iPhone 6 will know, it's really not enough space to
keep all of your favourite photos, music, podcasts, and apps.

Those who have spent the last few months constantly deleting data to free up
space will be pleased to hear that the base unit of the iPhone 7 is expected to
include 32GB of hard drive space - but with a price that will match the 16GB
entry point from around £539.

Read more

How to free up space on your iPhone without deleting your apps

Frank Ocean releases brand new visual album Endless on Apple Music

Apple iPhone 5C 'blew up and burned me'

5) The camera could have a dual-lens

There's plenty of speculation over exactly how Apple will upgrade the already
impressive iPhone camera - but the biggest rumour surrounds the idea of a
dual-lens.

Leaked images appear to show two camera lenses on the back of the unit, which
will allow for even crisper and sharper snaps.

Dual lenses could be a game changer for the next iPhone 7 camera according to
this leaked image. #iPhone7#Applepic.twitter.com/6NVCNHodOs

- Duct Tape Workshop (@ducttapews) August 23, 2016

6) It might be waterproof(ish)

Fed up of keeping a bag of rice nearby just in case you drop your iPhone in a
puddle - or worse?

Since the last iPhone release, Samsung have been boasting in adverts about their
water-resistant S7 - a feature Apple will surely want to replicate.

Idea: they could have Frank Ocean fans crying onto a waterproof IPhone 7 as part
of the R&B singer's Apple exclusivity period.

7) It will feature a more powerful processor

A new iPhone means a new processing chip - and the iPhone 7 should include an
all-new A10. The standard unit should have a 1960 mAh battery (an improvement on
the 6S' 1715 mAh), while the iPhone 7 Plus is likely to boast 3GB of RAM.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:04 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date, UK release date and price revealed at Apple conference;
The brand new device has been unveiled - and it hasn't got a headphone jack

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 329 words


Apple have officially unveiled the iPhone 7 at their latest Keynote
presentation.

The tech company have branded the new headset "the best iPhone we have ever
made".

The new model features major upgrades, including a new camera, a water-resistant
design, and an upgraded A10 chip.

The unit features a high-gloss seamless finish, with no gap between the screen
and back casing, and comes in a variety of colours: jet black, gold, silver,
rose gold, and standard black.

Read more

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled early in Twitter blunder

Controversially, the unit does not have a headphone jack - with the included ear
buds using the lightning connector.

However, Apple are including a lightning-to-mini-phono adapter with all iPhone 7
units for users to plug in their non-lightning headphones.

The cameras have been significantly upgraded, with a 12-megapixel sensor that's
60% faster and 30% more energy efficient than the 6s camera.

Low light photography has also been improved, while the front camera will shoot
in 7 megapixels.

The iPhone 7 Plus features a camera with two lenses - one wide-angle and one
tele-photo, allowing for advanced shooting features including depth-of-field
options and improved zoom.

Watch the evolution of the iPhone

The iPhone 7's retina display is 25% brighter than the 6s, while the unit
features a speaker at either end of the device.

It also features the longest battery life of any iPhone, lasting on average for
2 hours longer than the 6s.

Read more

Apple Watch Series 2 launch date, UK release date and price revealed

Apple's iPhone 7 launch: Release date, price and all the latest news and rumours

iPhone 7: Apple set to unveil latest smartphone as host of new features expected

Storage capacity for the device has been doubled, with the entry unit featuring
32GB of storage.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be launching on September 16, and will start from
approximately £486 ($649). Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 begin onSeptember 9.iOS
10 will launch on September 13.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            News Chronicle (Nigeria)

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

New colours, waterproofing and NO headphone port: Almost every detail of iPhone
7 may have been revealed in major leak

BYLINE: Daily mail UK

LENGTH: 1007  words


Report comes from respected KGI Securities analyst Min-Chi Kuo

Dual-lens rear camera is set to be introduced on iPhone 7 Plus

Apple also expected to unveil final design for Apple Watch 2

Apple is finally set to unveil its iPhone 7 at a launch event this Wednesday,
but all its headline features may now have been revealed.

Although Apple is notoriously secretive, almost every detail of the new device
has emerged days before the company's official event, if a major leak is to be
believed.

The report suggests the phone will be faster, water resistant and come in two
new colours.

Images recently emerged from designer Martin Hajek, who 3D printed mock ups of
the iPhone 7 based on renders circulating online (pictured are the iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Pro models)

A detailed rundown from KGI Securities analyst Min-Chi Kuo, who has a good track
record of correctly relaying information on Apple hardware before it launches,
was obtained by Mac Rumours and confirms many of the predicted features of the
iPhone 7.

Here are the features that are expected to arrive on the new iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus smartphones.

NO HEADPHONE JACK

It appears Apple really will be taking the unpopular step of completely ditching
the headphone port on its next-generation handsets.

The technology firm is said to be bundling 'EarPods' with a Lightning connector,
as well as a Lightning to 3.5mm adapter in the box.

iPhone owners will also be able to use wireless Bluetooth headphones.

Getting rid of the traditional headphone port will free up more room for a new
speaker, and possibly a new sensor to improve Force Touch operation - Apple's
touchscreen and haptic feedback technology.

Apple is controversially dropping the headphone jack in favour of its Lightning
port. This leaked image shows what the iPhone 7 might look like without the
headphone jack

NEW COLOURS

Apple will be adding a 'dark black' model to replace its Space Grey finish.

This will sit alongside the silver, gold and rose gold finishes that have been
popular parts of previous line ups.

They will also be joined by another new colour described as 'glossy piano
black'.

The iPhone 7 is said to come in five colours. Apple will be adding a 'dark
black' model to replace its Space Grey finish. This will sit alongside the
silver, gold and rose gold finishes that have been popular parts of previous
line ups. Pictured are concept images

Previous rumours have also suggested that a dark blue finish will be introduced,
but there is no mention of this in the latest report.

'We expect the iPhone 7 to come in piano black, dark black, rose gold, gold and
silver,' says the report obtained by Mac Rumours.

'Only the piano black model will have a glossy finish. Given high production
barriers, large-storage models may have first priority in adopting piano black
casing in the initial stage.'

WATER RESISTANCE

Apple is set to introduce IPX7 water resistance, which already exists on its
first Apple Watch model.

This should allow the new phone to be submerged up to three feet (1m) for up to
30 minutes.

This would mean that the new handset would survive in the rain, or a brief spell
in the shower, but is unlikely to survive a long dunk in a swimming pool.

The event will be held in San Francisco at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, and
could also see the release of new MacBooks and a second generation Apple watch

MORE POWERFUL CHIP

Apple could be replacing its current A9 chip with an updated A10 processor made
by TSMC, which could run at speeds up to 2.45 GHz.

This could mean a substantial boost to existing processing speeds leading to
faster loader of apps.

DUAL-LENS CAMERA

A long-rumoured feature, the dual-lens rear camera is said to be coming to the
iPhone 7 Plus, but not to the smaller iPhone 7.

Leaked images show a new dual lens rear camera that is said to be heading to the
larger iPhone 7 Plus, but which will reportedly not be included on the smaller
iPhone 7

The double camera is said to take brighter pictures and will also be capable of
merging two photos together to provide the best image possible.

An improved LED flash will also be included on the rear camera, along with an
ambient light sensor, says the report.

REDESIGNED HOME BUTTON

Apple is said to be overhauling the home button to make it fit flush against the
chassis, which is a result of the new water resistant design.

While the button will no longer be clickable, the phone is said to include
haptic feedback, to mimic the response of a clickable button.

A concept image shows what Apple's new iPhone 7 handset might look like with a
new home button and no traditional headphone port

WIDE COLOUR DISPLAY

The new iPhone is expected to include the wide colour display technology that
was introduced on the iPad Pro.

Influenced by the digital cinema industry, the tech is designed to improve
colour saturation for a punchier and more realistic picture.

+7

Early concept images show what the new iPhone 7's rumoured chassis design

STEREO SPEAKERS

Apple is rumoured to be upgrading the earpiece receiver at the top of the device
to work as a speaker.

This would improve the audio by providing a stereo experience when the handset
is held in landscape.

CURVED SCREEN

Earlier rumours have suggested that at least one of the new iPhone models will
include a curved display.

Rumours suggest that the iPhone 7 will be cased in curved glass made from liquid
metal. Artist Martin Hajek created this concept images ahead of the iPhone 6
launch, based on similar rumours at the time

This would put it head-to-head with the Samsung Galaxy Edge S7, which was
released earlier this year and features a display that curves around the edges
of the handset.

'The standout features will be a dual-camera system on the larger iPhone, a
re-engineered home button that responds to pressure with a vibrating sensation
rather than a true physical click and the removal of the devices' headphone
jack,' reports Mark Gurman from Bloomberg.

Culled from: http://www.dailymail.co.uk /sciencetech/article-3774113/iPhone-7
-specs-revealed-report-ahead-Wednesday-s-launch.html#ixzz4JOQgXM6J

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1802


                       Copyright 2016 The News Chronicle.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The magnificent seven;
WE GET TO GRIPS WITH APPLE'S LATEST iPHONE AND FIND OUT WHAT ALL THE FUSS IS
ABOUT

SECTION: SATURDAY EXTRA;NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 737 words


LET'S hit this one head on - the new iPhone 7 has no audio jack, and lots of
people have made a lot of noise about how angry they are about it.

So, for the hard of understanding let me spell it out simply - any headphones
you have been using with a previous generation iPhone can be used with the
iPhone 7. Any of them. Any at all.

If you have wireless Bluetooth headphones, they will work with the iPhone 7. If
you have a set of headphones with a standard 3.5mm jack, you can still use them
- Apple provides an adapter (yes, in the box with every new iPhone 7, and at no
extra cost) so you can plug it into the iPhone's lightning port.

And even if you don't have any headphones at all, you are covered - there's a
set of headphones with a lightning jack in the box (yes, at no extra cost).

So, let's be clear about this, you can use ANY headphones you already have that
worked with any other smartphone with the iPhone 7, without spending a single
penny more.

The only slight drawback to the new iPhone 7 set-up is that you cannot plug in a
charger and a pair of headphones at the same time without using an iPhone dock,
or one of the third-party adapters springing up. When I say slight, I mean
slight.

So, now we've cleared that one up, what is the phone actually like... PAINT IT
BLACK THE new colours for iPhone this year are black and black. Or rather, matte
black and shiny black (above left).

Both are stunning in the hand, with the matte version my favourite.

The shiny one - Apple calls it jet black - is a little bling for my tastes.

It looks as if it might be a little slippery, too, but actually the opposite is
true - although it is rather more prone to scratching than the other iPhone
colours, so don't expect it to stay pristine for long (and you can, of course,
still get silver, gold, and rose gold iPhones).

LOUD AND PROUD THE speakers in the iPhone 7 are muchimproved, and the phone is a
lot louder that its predecessors.

As well as producing sound from the bottom speaker when watching video or
listening to music, the iPhone 7 also has a speaker at the top of the device,
where the earpiece is next to the front-facing camera - so you get a more
clearly defined stereo effect.

It's not going to replace your hi-fi, but it's as loud and as good as many
Bluetooth speakers.

HOME BUTTON IT IS still, more than a week after I started testing the iPhone 7
Plus, weird that the home button is not a real button.

It's a solid state circle that gives haptic feedback when pressure is applied to
it. It works well - but it does not feel like you are pressing a button.

It suggests that enough, though, for you to allow yourself to be fooled
(although it doesn't work as well when the phone is resting on a table, making
it quite hard to tell if you have pressed at all).

The different behaviour of the home button in iOS 10 makes the experience of
unlocking the phone doubly different and not a little confusing at first.

There is no 'slide to unlock' - the phone now comes on automatically when you
pick it up, and you press the home button to unlock (it reads your fingerprint
if you use Touch ID, or the passcode entry screen pops up if you don't). It
takes some getting used to, but I'm finally there.

CAMERAS THE cameras on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are the best cameras you can get
on a smartphone.

The images they produce are stunning, and although they do not produce photos to
rival proper cameras with big sensors, there is now no need to buy a point and
shoot camera if you have one of these.

I'm less sold on the dual-lens system in the 7 Plus - which sports a normal
wide-angle lens and a telephoto lens.

The x2 magnification it provides isn't powerful enough to make owners of the
smaller iPhone 7 too jealous. And the x10 digital zoom is unusable.

My advice would be to zoom with your feet.

WHAT ELSE WELL, the screen is brighter and better, with a wider colour range,
and the thing is a whole lot faster, as well as being water and dust resistant.

The battery life is better, too. In my testing, using the 7 Plus a lot more than
I usually would have, I've barely hit 50% of battery left at the end of the day.

OVERALL IS THE iPhone 7 worth upgrading to? Of course it is. Everything is
better than the previous generation, and all the things we all do with our
mobiles these days can be done more quickly, and with better quality.

It might look a lot like an iPhone 6 S, but it's enough of a step up for me to
say - go for it.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Selfie respect... The iPhone 7 is worth the step up from the 6 SThe
headphone adapter which comes with all iPhones 7s and allows users to plug
standard 3.5mm jack headphones into the lightning port on the phone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2016 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 1, 2016 Thursday 7:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7 could give Apple fans one very big reason to upgrade;
Apple packaging leak appears to confirm a 256GB model of the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 336 words


Apple fans may be bemoaning the rumoured loss of the headphone jack with the
iPhone 7, but there's one very big incentive to upgrade.

According to the latest leaked images, Apple's next plus-size smartphone could
feature more internal storage than any of its predecessors - meaning more room
to download apps and store photos than ever before.

There have been rumours that Apple is planning to launch a 256GB model for some
time, but now a sheet outlining some of the key features of the iPhone 7 Plus
has emerged on Chinese microblogging site Weibo , appearing to confirm the
rumour.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The sheet clearly shows plans for a 256GB version of the device - doubling the
capacity of the largest iPhone 6s Plus.

This is a huge amount of storage for an iPhone. For context, it's the same
amount of storage offered on Apple's top-of-the-range iPad Pro , which costs
£739.

Apple's decision to include this option may relate to rumours that the iPhone 7
Plus will have a dual lens camera , capable of capturing SLR-quality photos.

If this is the case, it is likely that the images captured will take up a lot
more storage space than standard iPhone photos.

Apple has also launched a new iCloud tier this week, offering a massive two
terabytes of storage for just £19.99 a month. This is the largest amount of
space offered by the company to date.

The leaked spec sheet, whose authenticity has not been verified, also suggests
that Apple's will bundle the new iPhone with its own EarPods, featuring a
Lightning connector, and a "Lightning to Headphone Jack Adapter".

This differs from earlier rumours, which suggested the iPhone 7 would come
bundled with wireless "AirPod" earphones .

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                           September 30, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The magnificent seven ET'S hit this one;
WE GET TO GRIPS WITH APPLE'S LATEST iPHONE AND FIND OUT WHAT ALL THE FUSS IS
ABOUT

BYLINE: Justin Connolly

SECTION: WHATS ON;NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 738 words


LET'S hit this one head on - the new iPhone 7 has no audio jack, and lots of
people have made a lot of noise about how angry they are about it.

So, for the hard of understanding let me spell it out simply - any headphones
you have been using with a previous generation iPhone can be used with the
iPhone 7. Any of them. Any at all.

If you have wireless bluetooth headphones, they will work with the iPhone 7. If
you have a set of headphones with a standard 3.5mm jack, you can still use them
- Apple provides an adapter (yes, in the box with every new iPhone 7, and at no
extra cost) so you can plug it into the iPhone's lightning port.

And even if you don't have any headphones at all, you are covered - there's a
set of headphones with a lightning jack in the box (yes, at no extra cost).

So, let's be clear about this, you can use ANY headphones you already have that
worked with any other smartphone with the iPhone 7, without spending a single
penny more.

The only slight drawback to the new iPhone 7 set-up is that you cannot plug in a
charger and a pair of headphones at the same time without using an iPhone dock,
or one of the third-party adapters springing up. When I say slight, I mean
slight.

So, now we've cleared that one up, what is the phone actually like... PAINT IT
BLACK THE new colours for iPhone this year are black and black. Or rather, matte
black and shiny black (above left).

Both are stunning in the hand, with the matte version my favourite.

The shiny one - Apple calls it jet black - is a little bling for my tastes.

It looks as if it might be a little slippery, too, but actually the opposite is
true - although it is rather more prone to scratching than the other iPhone
colours, so don't expect it to stay pristine for long (and you can, of course,
still get silver, gold, and rose gold iPhones).

LOUD AND PROUD THE speakers in the iPhone 7 are muchimproved, and the phone is a
lot louder than its predecessors.

As well as producing sound from the bottom speaker when watching video or
listening to music, the iPhone 7 also has a speaker at the top of the device,
where the earpiece is next to the front-facing camera - so you get a more
clearly defined stereo effect.

It's not going to replace your hi-fi, but it's as loud and as good as many
bluetooth speakers.

HOME BUTTON IT IS still, more than a week after I started testing the iPhone 7
Plus, weird that the home button is not a real button.

It's a solid state circle that gives haptic feedback when pressure is applied to
it. It works well - but it does not feel like you are pressing a button.

It suggests that enough, though, for you to allow yourself to be fooled
(although it doesn't work as well when the phone is resting on a table, making
it quite hard to tell if you have pressed at all).

The different behaviour of the home button in iOS 10 makes the experience of
unlocking the phone doubly different and not a little confusing at first.

There is no "slide to unlock" - the phone now comes on automatically when you
pick it up, and you press the home button to unlock (it reads your fingerprint
if you use Touch ID, or the passcode entry screen pops up if you don't). It
takes some getting used to, but after a week I am there.

CAMERAS THE cameras on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are the best cameras you can get
on a smartphone.

The images they produce are stunning, and although they do not produce photos to
rival proper cameras with big sensors, there is now no need to buy a point and
shoot camera if you have one of these.

I'm less sold on the dual-lens system in the 7 Plus - which sports a normal
wide-angle lens and a telephoto lens.

The x2 magnification it provides isn't powerful enough to make owners of the
smaller iPhone 7 too jealous. And the x10 digital zoom is unusable.

My advice would be to zoom with your feet.

WHAT ELSE WELL, the screen is brighter and better, with a wider colour range,
and the thing is a whole lot faster, as well as being water and dust resistant.

The battery life is better, too (in my testing, using the 7 Plus a lot more than
I usually would have, I've barely hit 50% of battery left at the end of the
day).

OVERALL IS THE iPhone 7 worth upgrading to? Of course it is. Everything is
better than the previous generation, and all the things we all do with our
mobiles these days can be done more quickly, and with better quality.

It might look a lot like an iPhone 6 S, but it's enough of a step up for me to
say go for it.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Selfie respect... The iPhone 7 is worth the step up from the 6 SThe
headphone adapter which comes with all iPhones 7s and allows users to plug
standard 3.5mm jack headphones into the lightning port on the phone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2016 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        March 4, 2016 Friday 2:57 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's next
smartphone;
As 2016 has arrived it's brought with it a fresh set of iPhone 7 rumours - we've
put together everything there is on Apple's next gizmo

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 961 words


Many people that didn't upgrade to the iPhone 6s last year will have one very
specific reason for holding out.

If Apple stays true to form, it will reveal a brand new iPhone at some point
this year - and it's likely to be a substantial upgrade.

The iPhone 7 was rumoured to appear last year but instead it looks like 2016
will be when Apple makes the jump.

It will have to work hard to keep pace with forthcoming Android handsets from
the likes of Samsung and Sony, but there are plenty of rumours that give hints
about what Apple is planning.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

But fans have been infuriated by new pics which claim to show a drastic change
in one of the key features of the iPhone.

The pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone jack
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     January 19, 2016 Tuesday 10:08 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's next
smartphone;
As 2016 has arrived it's brought with it a fresh set of iPhone 7 rumours - we've
put together everything there is on Apple's next gizmo

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 961 words


Many people that didn't upgrade to the iPhone 6s last year will have one very
specific reason for holding out.

If Apple stays true to form, it will reveal a brand new iPhone at some point
this year - and it's likely to be a substantial upgrade.

The iPhone 7 was rumoured to appear last year but instead it looks like 2016
will be when Apple makes the jump.

It will have to work hard to keep pace with forthcoming Android handsets from
the likes of Samsung and Sony, but there are plenty of rumours that give hints
about what Apple is planning.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

But fans have been infuriated by new pics which claim to show a drastic change
in one of the key features of the iPhone.

The pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone jack
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 583 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 581 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model, with the minimum
storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected to
introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage.

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 583 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 583 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 581 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model, with the minimum
storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected to
introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage.

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 583 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      May 25, 2016 Wednesday 07:24 PM EST

This is what the iPhone 7 will probably look like

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 488  words


Click for image

Now that Google I/O is behind us, the next two major tech events are set to be
Apple-dominated affairs. Up first, of course, we have WWDC which is slated to
take place in just about two weeks in San Francisco. Following that, Apple
sometime in late August or early September will finally take the wraps off the
highly anticipated iPhone 7.

Over the past few months, we've slowly but surely been inundated with an
avalanche of iPhone 7 rumors, some more credible than others. But with Apple
reportedly already looking to kickstart production, it stands to reason that
some of the more recent leaks represent close approximations to what Apple will
ultimately unveil in just a few months.

+ Also on Network World: 40 years of Apple: Apple's most innovative products +

Now, for anyone expecting a wild new design, the iPhone 7 may disappoint. While
the iPhone 7 will likely be thinner and lighter than its predecessor, its form
factor will in large part resemble the design Apple used for the iPhone 6 and
6s. One notable and welcome change, however, is that the unsightly antenna lines
we've had to withstand over the last two years will finally be done away with
once the iPhone 7 ships.

That said, the last few days have provided us with quite a few leaks to sort
through.

First, the following photo of an alleged iPhone 7 was spotted on Weibo earlier
in the week.

Adding even more detail to the equation, designer Jermaine Smit recently put
together an engaging video that purports to show what the iPhone 7 will look
like. Now to be clear, the video renderings below are only as accurate as the
leaked schematics, so per usual, make sure to take this with the requisite grain
of salt.

Interestingly, you'll note that the renderings above showcase what an iPhone
without a traditional 3.5mm headphone jack will look like. Indeed, this will
without a doubt be a controversial move on Apple's part, and it will be
fascinating to see whether this serves to impact sales in one direction or the
other. Remember, not everyone is a fan of Apple's standard white headphones, so
we can only hope that Apple will provide an inconspicuous adapter for those who
still want to use their own headphones.

As far as other specific iPhone features are concerned, it's increasingly
starting to look like only Apple's gargantuan 5.5-in. iPhone 7 Plus will be
graced with Apple's advanced dual camera system. At the same time, the iPhone 7
camera will likely see a boost in quality over the iPhone 6.

As a final note, it's worth pointing to a recent report from Barron's that
claims iPhone 7 production will likely fall in the 72 million to 78 million
range, easily surpassing analyst estimates of 65 million. The big takeaway here
is that the current slowdown in iPhone sales is merely temporary and that the
impending rollout of the iPhone 7 will likely set new sales records and
emphatically alleviate concerns that we've reached peak iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Edinburgh Evening News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple's new water-resistant iPhone 7 goes on sale

LENGTH: 282  words


Apple's latest smartphone, the iPhone 7, goes on sale alongside a new version of
the Apple Watch today, with smaller queues than previous years expected outside
the tech giant's retail stores.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

But some industry experts have questioned the need to update to the new device
ahead of a major upgrade expected in the 10th anniversary iPhone due to be
released next year.

However, Apple revealed on Thursday that the iPhone 7 Plus, which comes with
dual rear cameras for the first time, has already sold out in all colours during
the pre-order period, while the polished Jet Black finish iPhone 7 will also not
be available to walk-in customers on launch day.

This announcement is likely to also affect the size of queues outside stores.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement said.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

Upon announcing the new device earlier this month, Apple boss Tim Cook said the
tech giant's aim was to create the "most advanced smartphone" it has ever made.

The iPhone 7 also sees the removal of the device's headphone jack, with users
now needing to connect headsets via the Lightning port, or use wireless
headphones.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STEN


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple's new water-resistant iPhone 7 goes on sale

LENGTH: 282  words


Apple's latest smartphone, the iPhone 7, goes on sale alongside a new version of
the Apple Watch today, with smaller queues than previous years expected outside
the tech giant's retail stores.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

But some industry experts have questioned the need to update to the new device
ahead of a major upgrade expected in the 10th anniversary iPhone due to be
released next year.

However, Apple revealed on Thursday that the iPhone 7 Plus, which comes with
dual rear cameras for the first time, has already sold out in all colours during
the pre-order period, while the polished Jet Black finish iPhone 7 will also not
be available to walk-in customers on launch day.

This announcement is likely to also affect the size of queues outside stores.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement said.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

Upon announcing the new device earlier this month, Apple boss Tim Cook said the
tech giant's aim was to create the "most advanced smartphone" it has ever made.

The iPhone 7 also sees the removal of the device's headphone jack, with users
now needing to connect headsets via the Lightning port, or use wireless
headphones.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple's new water-resistant iPhone 7 goes on sale

LENGTH: 282  words


Apple's latest smartphone, the iPhone 7, goes on sale alongside a new version of
the Apple Watch today, with smaller queues than previous years expected outside
the tech giant's retail stores.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will both come in two new black finishes and are water
resistant for the first time.

But some industry experts have questioned the need to update to the new device
ahead of a major upgrade expected in the 10th anniversary iPhone due to be
released next year.

However, Apple revealed on Thursday that the iPhone 7 Plus, which comes with
dual rear cameras for the first time, has already sold out in all colours during
the pre-order period, while the polished Jet Black finish iPhone 7 will also not
be available to walk-in customers on launch day.

This announcement is likely to also affect the size of queues outside stores.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores
and partners around the world," Apple's statement said.

"Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores.

"During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all
finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for
walk-in customers."

Upon announcing the new device earlier this month, Apple boss Tim Cook said the
tech giant's aim was to create the "most advanced smartphone" it has ever made.

The iPhone 7 also sees the removal of the device's headphone jack, with users
now needing to connect headsets via the Lightning port, or use wireless
headphones.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 Launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 583 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 583 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 Launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 583 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 583 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 581 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model, with the minimum
storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected to
introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage.

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 581 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model, with the minimum
storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected to
introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage.

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 581 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model, with the minimum
storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected to
introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage.

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                       October 7, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch today at 7 pm

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 89  words


New Delhi, Oct 7 (IBNS) : Apple will officially start selling its latest iPhone
7 and iPhone 7 Plus in India starting on Friday at 7 pm in the biggest smart
phone launch this year, reports said.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are the most advanced iPhone yet from the
Cupertino-based smartphone maker. Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus feature same
4.7-inch and 5.5-inch display like its predecessor but Apple claims it is 25 per
cent brighter and colour accurate. This years iPhone models come in three
storage variants 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Here's our first look at the iPhone 7 Plus

LENGTH: 558  words


The iPhone 7 is here and I received a review sample from Apple a few hours back.
While I need more time with the iPhone to work on a comprehensive review, here
are some quick initial thoughts on it.

Design

I received the Silver version of the iPhone 7 Plus from Apple and not a single
person realized that I was carrying the new iPhone. The design of the iPhone 7
is the same as last year's model- and the year before that. The antenna lines
have been moved towards the top and bottom edges which gives the back of the
iPhone a cleaner look. The Plus model also has two cameras on the back. Neither
of these changes is instantly striking. If you want to let people know that you
have a new iPhone, get one of the two newer colours- the Black of the shiny Jet
Black. Between the two, I prefer the Jet Black.

Screen

Apple claims the screen on the iPhone 7 is 25% brighter with a wide colour
gamut. I couldn't really tell much of a difference between the iPhone 6s and the
iPhone 7 as far as screen is concerned- maybe I need to use more in different
conditions. Keep in mind, that I was using the Galaxy Note7 for the past few
weeks which I consider as the best screen on a mobile phone so it won't be easy
for Apple to impress me with the screen.

The Home Button

I was super excited to learn that Apple will be using the same technology as the
trackpad on the MacBook to power the new Home button. However, the Taptic Engine
on the iPhone 7 doesn't feel as magical. The feedback you get when you tap the
home button makes you think that the entire bottom area is being clicked in. At
times, I enjoyed this while other times I wished it was the older mechanical
button. It's too soon for me to like or dislike it. I'll form a better opinion
after using it more.

Performance

Apple claims that with the new A10 fusion processor, the iPhone 7 is twice as
fast as the iPhone 6. However, the iPhone 6s is no slouch- it's faster than
every Android phone I've tested. With common operations such as launching apps,
turning on the camera or switching between apps, the iPhone 7 didn't feel much
faster than the iPhone 6s. We probably have to wait for apps that push the
envelope of the A10 to start appreciating it.

Lack of a 3.5mm jack

Get over it. It's gone and good riddance. This coming from a guy that owns a
$200 pair of B&O Play H3 earphones and wonders why I didn't chose a wireless
solution every time I use it. Apple provides a Lightning to 3.5mm adapter in the
box this year for you to transition so it's not like you won't be able to use
your older set of headphone. However, the future is wireless. I'm personally
looking forward to the new Beats Solo3 Wireless.

Speakers

The new iPhone 7 now has two speakers- one at the usual position next to the
Lightning connector while the other inside the earpiece which creates a much
richer audio experience. Music playback is much louder and app/game developers
can take advantage of the stereo speakers to provide a more immersive
environment.

More features

Two more features that need to spend more time with are the new camera and the
battery life. The dual camera on the iPhone 7 allows for a 2x optical zoom while
increased battery capacity and hardware optimization should give you at least an
additional hour of battery on the Plus. Watch out for these in the full review
that will follow in about a week's time.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        July 18, 2016 Monday 1:59 PM GMT

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s;
A video supposedly showing a finished version of the iPhone 7 matches it up to
Apple's existing handset - and it looks like little will change

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 241 words


Excitement for the next version of the iPhone 7 is increasing with each new
"leak" appearing on the internet.

The latest example is a video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that
matches up the new iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

Finished iPhone 7 PICTURED for the first time? Viral photo is clearest image yet
of Apple's next gadget

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

How to download US iPhone and iPad apps on your UK device - get Pokémon GO game
TODAY

But do we expect more from Apple this time around? Have your say in the comments
section below.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 674 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

The company will live stream the event on it's website, although you'll only be
able to watch it on an Apple Mac or iOS device. You can also follow all the
action as it happens on the Mirror live blog.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities claims that the
device will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and
"piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 674 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

The company will live stream the event on it's website, although you'll only be
able to watch it on an Apple Mac or iOS device. You can also follow all the
action as it happens on the Mirror live blog.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities claims that the
device will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and
"piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 31, 2015 Monday 3:32 PM GMT

iPhone 6s/7 rumours: Smartphone features super-sized selfie camera and comes in
PINK;
Latest leaks provide clearest evidence of Apple's selfie-obsession - but will
its new hue scare off men AND women?

BYLINE: By Jasper Hamill

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 834 words


The upcoming iPhone could feature a beefed up selfie camera and will probably
come in the world's most controversial colour: pink.

Fresh leaks have hinted at the pastel ambitions of Apple, as well its desire to
help the selfie-obsessed people of the world take pictures of themselves.

The blog 9to5Mac has published an advert from accessory manufacturer Spigen, who
are preparing to make a phone case in the same "Rose Gold" shade Apple is
expected to debut at its iPhone launch event on September 9.

Apple's colour decision is likely to be controversial, as feminists have long
railed against pink's association with femininity and delight in highlighting
sexism wherever they imagine it to be present.

95mac

The website has also obtained fresh pictures of the new smartphone showing its
super-sized selfie camera, which is expected to have a front-facing flash to
light up your self-portraits, and the sensors which power the mobile's
pioneering Force Touch feature.

We'd like to take a moment to tell (or warn) Apple about the Pink Stinks
campaign , which urged parents to avoid buying rose-coloured gifts for young
girls.

The thrust of the campaigners' arguments is that pink is somehow "sexist",
leading the young women who wear it into a dead end of vapid niceness.

Boys, on the other hand, are ushered into a life of purposeful, thrusting
success by wearing the colour blue which, apparently, makes them "bold and
challenging".

All of which leads us to ask.

Is the iPhone 6s/7 sexist?

Whilst you're chewing over that question, here's a round up of all the iPhone
intelligence we've gleaned so far:

Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past models.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices. Apple iPhone 7: Release date

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C . Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

Expect this phone to be a snapper's delight, with a 12 megapixel camera and the
ability to shoot 4K video.

It will probably include a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones. Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 31, 2015 Monday 3:32 PM GMT

iPhone 6s/7 rumours: Smartphone features super-sized selfie camera and comes in
PINK;
Latest leaks provide clearest evidence of Apple's selfie-obsession - but will
its new hue scare off men AND women?

BYLINE: By Jasper Hamill

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 834 words


The upcoming iPhone could feature a beefed up selfie camera and will probably
come in the world's most controversial colour: pink.

Fresh leaks have hinted at the pastel ambitions of Apple, as well its desire to
help the selfie-obsessed people of the world take pictures of themselves.

The blog 9to5Mac has published an advert from accessory manufacturer Spigen, who
are preparing to make a phone case in the same "Rose Gold" shade Apple is
expected to debut at its iPhone launch event on September 9.

Apple's colour decision is likely to be controversial, as feminists have long
railed against pink's association with femininity and delight in highlighting
sexism wherever they imagine it to be present.

95mac

The website has also obtained fresh pictures of the new smartphone showing its
super-sized selfie camera, which is expected to have a front-facing flash to
light up your self-portraits, and the sensors which power the mobile's
pioneering Force Touch feature.

We'd like to take a moment to tell (or warn) Apple about the Pink Stinks
campaign , which urged parents to avoid buying rose-coloured gifts for young
girls.

The thrust of the campaigners' arguments is that pink is somehow "sexist",
leading the young women who wear it into a dead end of vapid niceness.

Boys, on the other hand, are ushered into a life of purposeful, thrusting
success by wearing the colour blue which, apparently, makes them "bold and
challenging".

All of which leads us to ask.

Is the iPhone 6s/7 sexist?

Whilst you're chewing over that question, here's a round up of all the iPhone
intelligence we've gleaned so far:

Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past models.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices. Apple iPhone 7: Release date

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C . Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

Expect this phone to be a snapper's delight, with a 12 megapixel camera and the
ability to shoot 4K video.

It will probably include a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones. Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 26, 2016 Monday 1:22 PM GMT

Video claiming drilling into iPhone 7 will reveal hidden headphone port goes
viral;
Prank video destroying new Apple smartphone receives 10m views, with some
seemingly tricked into making 3.5mm hole in the bottom of their devices

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 496 words


A video claiming that users can add a headphone socket to the iPhone 7, which
only has a Lightning port, by drilling into the bottom of their phone has been
watched almost 10m times.

The prank video shows a man drilling a 3.5mm hole into the bottom left edge of
the iPhone 7 held in a vice. It points to the row of small holes on the left
side that replaced the headphone socket present on the iPhone 6S and claims that
drilling into the second hole on the left reveals a hidden socket.

Once the hole has been drilled the video shows an iPhone 7 playing music,
although the sound comes out of the speakers, not the white headphones now
inserted in the DIY hole.

The video was produced by Sacramento, California-based Ukrainian YouTuber Taras
Maksimuk who "specialises in smashing technology for your pleasure" according to
his profile. Some of Maksimuk's other videos include "what happens if you
microwave an iPhone 7" and "can the iPhone 7 survive in liquid nitrogen for five
minutes".

In total Maksimuk has seven separate videos showing him destroying iPhone 7s,
but that seemingly hasn't stopped people drilling holes into the bottom of their
new iPhones and causing irreparable damage.

pic.twitter.com/BCpc0T9Px1 - Taras Maksimuk (@TechRax) September 25, 2016

The YouTube video's comment section - normally a place filled with vitriol and
despair for humanity - was full of people claiming to have performed the
operation and destroying their iPhone 7 in the process, the sincerity of which
is questionable.

Some Dude said: "WTF??? Fuck you! My screen turned black the moment I started
drilling and now I can't even open it."

"TECHRAX YOU PIECE OF SHIT I DID THIS AND THE SOUND DOESN NOT WORK AT ALL," said
Artur.

Lukelaluke123 said: "ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I WAITD TILL MY DAD WAS SLEEP THEN I
WENT TO THE GARAGE AND GOT HIS DIRLL AND DID THIS ND NOW MY IPHONE WONT NOT EVEN
WORK!!!!! YOU ARE SUCH ASCUM BAG WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS IM GOING TO MAEK SURE
YOURE UTUBE CHANNEL IS GETS SHUT DOWN."

The video received over 134,000 likes, but just under 88,000 dislikes. It's
unclear how many of the dislikes were from people who had been tricked into
drilling a hole into their £600-plus smartphone.

Not only will drilling a hole into the bottom of the iPhone 7 not reveal a
hidden headphone socket, but it will also ruin the waterproofing of the
smartphone, which requires the membranes covering the holes in the bottom of the
phone to be undamaged.

Maksimuk's video is the latest in a long run of pranks targeting gullible iPhone
buyers. Pranksters managed to convince some users that the iOS 7 update
magically made their iPhones waterproof in 2013, while some iPhone 6 users were
tricked into microwaving their smartphones while seeking longer battery life.
Both pranks only led to destroyed smartphones.


     ·    iPhone 7 review: how good can a phone be if the battery doesn't last
          even a day?
     ·    Apple dropped the iPhone 7 headphone jack for a speaker grille ... but
          no speaker


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Apple ditches free return policy

BYLINE: LUO WEITENG/MENG JING

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 492 words


Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

Apple had previously allowed customers in Hong Kong and Macao to return the
undamaged products for free, with the original receipt and packaging, within 14
days of the pick-up date.

However, buyers will now be charged a 25-percent "open box fee" when returning
their opened Apple or Beats products, and a 15-percent "restocking fee" for
closed-box returns. A tailor-made return policy, in particular, has been
introduced for purchases of more than four products from the same category.

The new policy was released on Apple's website on the same day iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus hit stores in Hong Kong and Macao, where the lucrative scalping
business has become commonplace and distorted the markets with the launch of
every iPhone model over the past few years.

The exact reason behind the policy change, and whether it is a temporary move
until supplies of the highly sought-after iPhone 7 models return to a normal
level, remains unclear at the moment. It is believed the decision has much to do
with the thriving re-sale market in the territories, where an iPhone 7 Plus can
easily be resold at the moment at a 100-percent premium.

Hong Kong resident Thomas Li picked up his pre-ordered jet black 128G iPhone 7
Plus at the Apple Store in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on Sunday. Having gotten his
hands on the new iPhone model, which normally retails for HK$7,388 ($952), for a
few minutes, he just as quickly sold it to a scalper waiting a few feet outside
the Apple Store for HK$15,000.

Merchants at Sin Tat Plaza, Hong Kong's so-called iPhone exchange which
determines the gray market's price for the newly launched iPhone models, quoted
a price of up to HK$21,000 for a jet black 256G iPhone 7 Plus and HK$15,000 for
a jet black 128G iPhone 7 Plus.

A 32G iPhone 7 Plus in gold or rose gold can be sold at a premium of more than
HK$1,000 and the same-colored 128G model can be sold for HK$1,500 more than the
official retail price.

Due to the lack to import taxes and duties, smuggling the latest iPhone models
from Hong Kong into the mainland can be rather profitable, even though the
mainland was selected in the first batch of markets for the launch of the iPhone
7.

Online preordering for the newly released iPhones kicked off on Sept 9 in the
mainland. But many Apple enthusiasts complained about the difficulty of getting
their hands on the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7. It is
unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply.

Apple, which saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China in the quarter ended in
June, pins its hope on the new iPhones to regain its business momentum in the
country where domestic brands such as Huawei and Oppo have seen a surge in
shipments.

Meng Jing contributed to this story

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple launches iPhone 7 & 7 Plus, Coming to India on Oct 7; Overpriced yet
again?

BYLINE: Abhishek Joshi

LENGTH: 644  words


The much awaited Apple smartphones have been unveiled by the tech Giant in San
Francisco. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are now official and come with mixed
reactions, thanks to Apple's strategy to remove the headphone jack and introduce
wireless ear pods.

The new series of iPhones are quite different from its predecessors. However,
when you expect the series number to increase, you also expect Apple to improve
them in a different way, not like other manufacturers who simply bump up the
specs and call it a new phone.

The two new iPhones have a lot in common with the previous iPhones, including
the design and the shape, but there are subtle changes in the antenna lines at
the back and the camera placements. The home button is also not a physical
button anymore, instead it is a pressure-sensitive home button.

Specifications of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus

     ·    4.7-inch Retina display on the iPhone 7 and 5.5-inch Retina display on
          the iPhone 7 Plus
     ·    The new quad-core A10 chipset powers both the phones, a notch above
          the A9 chips in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, and an M10 motion co-processor
     ·    12MP camera on the back along with a 7MP face time camera with OIS.
          iPhone 7 Plus gets dual camera that assist with wide angle and
          close-up shots. Apple likes to call it 'telephoto' lens
     ·    The home button is completely pressure-sensitive now, so you don't
          have to press it anymore. It's like a touch-button in an Android
     ·    Lightning-jack for everything now - charging, music and attachments
     ·    Both the iPhones will be waterproof
     ·    32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants
     ·    The phones will come in 5 colours - Rose Gold, Gold, Silver, Black and
          Jet Black


The biggest change for the manufacturer has to be the omission of the headphone
jack. The 3.5mm port is officially dead, and Apple has replaced it with the
lightening port. So everytime you want to listen to music, you have to plug your
headphones into the lightening port.

Thankfully, Apple is going to provide a lightening-to-3.5mm jack converter for
all the old-schools and although it is a pain to carry it around every time, it
is a good gesture from Apple.

When is it coming to India?

It came as a surprise when India wasn't in the first two priority lists of
countries iPhones will be launching first. So, while other countries get the
iPhone starting September 16, India has to wait till October 7 for them.

It is quite strange considering the past few months Apple has talked about India
and how important it is strategically for the company. An offshore facility in
Hyderabad, opening own retail stores and India being highlighted in the
quarterly financial results meeting for having a 50% YoY growth in iPhone sales
were probably just not enough for Apple to treat India like other countries.

However, at least Apple isn't launching the phones 6 months after the global
release, something the company used to follow a couple of years back. The 32GB
version of iPhone 7 will be priced under Rs. 60,000 with an incremental Rs.
10,000 for the next variant.

The phones are overpriced, underwhelming and a thing to show-off for most
people. For example, the OnePlus Three has better specifications and is priced
almost half of what the iPhones would be, but it won't sell as good as an Apple
product.

In conclusion, the Apple iPhones remain pretty much the same in terms of value,
but offer some new interesting features that are not present in the previous
versions. The removal of the headphone jack won't be a big deal for loyal iPhone
fans, but the company could see a decline in sales because of it.

Other Apple Launches and Announcements

During the iPhone launch event - Apple made quite a few announcements which
included details on Apple Music and App store - their various initiatives
connected to Education, their real-time collaboration suite - iWork and Apple
Watch. Here is a concise listing of all the announcement made by Apple during
the event.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Exuberance over iPhone 7 propel Apple shares to 2016 high

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 523 words


Shares of Apple soared to a high for 2016 on Thursday after reports surfaced
that the company had captured strong early sales for its iPhone7, and analysts
quickly raised estimates for the tech giant.

Cupertino-based Apple jumped more than 3 percent Thursday and was well ahead of
the prior high for the year, a pinnacle the company gained in April.

cApple is doing very well,c said Michael Tchong,ccfounder of Las Vegas-based
Ubercool Innovation, which tracks tech trends. cIt does look like the iPhone 7
is selling better than expected, that the demand is more than they expected.c

Analysts with Credit Suisse reported cThursday that some wireless phone carriers
are busy taking orders for the new iPhone.

cBoth T-Mobile and Sprint have announced today that they are seeing a record
number of pre-orders for Applecs iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, shattering previous
records,c KulbindercGarcha, an analyst with investment firmcCredit Suisse stated
in a note Tuesday.

More indications that the companycs iPhone 7 sales are brisk prompted Credit
Suisse to raise its estimates for the tech giant.

cWe believe a number of recent data points suggest a better than expected iPhone
7 cycle, in both volume and mix,c Garcha wrote cin a note Thursday.

Apple, which began taking pre-orders last week, said Wednesday it is already
sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus and the jet black iPhone 7. Thursday, the company
told several media outlets that would-be buyers who show up at Apple Stores when
the iPhones are scheduled to go on sale Friday wonct be able to get their hands
on the sold-out models.Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Price | FindTheCompany

c

For the 2017 fiscal year that will end in September 2017, Apple is expected to
earn $9.74 a share, according to Credit Suisse. Thatcs well above the investment
firmcs prior estimate of $9.30 a share, Garcha wrote in the Thursday note.

In a survey of iPhone users, Credit Suisse discovered that an estimated 60
percent of iPhone users intend to replace their devices within one year.

That suggests that users will replace their iPhone every 29 months, which is
faster than prior replacement rates of every 32 months that Credit Suisse had
determined from earlier research.

Apple also may benefit from good timing with its launch and could capitalize on
woes that have afflicted new smartphones offered by one of its principal rivals,
Samsung.

cSamsung has had to halt sales and recall its recent flagship phone, the Galaxy
Note 7,c Credit Suisse said in the note to its clients Thursday.

Other investment firms, including Morgan Stanley and RBC, also issued positive
comments about the new iPhone 7.

Apple rose 3.4 percent and closed at $115.56. That compared with the prior high
for 2016 of $112.10 on April 14.

cThere will be a lot of pent-up demand for the iPhone 7,c Tchong said. cThey
have already sold 1 billion iPhones, so thatcs a huge base to draw from.c

c

Photo:cApple CEO Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 7 at the Bill Graham Civic
Auditorium in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016. (Gary
Reyes/Bay Area News Group)

The post Exuberance over iPhone 7 propel Apple shares to 2016 high appeared
first on SiliconBeat .

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      August 30, 2016 Tuesday 11:45 AM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date, rumours, price, stats and leaked designs;
The new iPhone could drop the headphone jack - but is expected to have more
storage space

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 610 words


Apple are expected to launch their new iPhone in the coming weeks - and the
reveal of the new model isn't far away.

The tech giant have announced that their next major presentation will take place
on September 7, and should include an official announcement about the
long-rumoured iPhone 7.

As it's two years since the iPhone 6 was unveiled, with the iPhone 6S adding a
few extra features upon its 2015 launch, the new unit could bring several
significant changes to Apple's flagship smartphone.

Here's what the rumours are saying about the new phone so far.

Read more

The best iPhone apps in the world, according to Apple

1) It might drop the headphone jack

This would be a controversial move - but it's something that's been in the
pipeline for a while.

Insiders say that Apple are keen to drop the headphone input on the iPhone, as
the size of the jack means they currently can't make their phones any thinner.

If the headphone jack is indeed taken away, users will either connect wireless
headphones via Bluetooth, or plug their cans into the lightning port.

2) It could have a curved-edge design

The Samsung Galaxy remains iPhone's biggest rival - and its top-of-the-line unit
features beautiful curved edges with a screen that extends along them.

It's expected that Apple will try to maximise their screen space, and could
either implement a similar curved design, or at least have a screen that goes
right to the edge of the handset.

3) It will probably be out on September 16

The iPhone 7 announcement is due on September 7, and the units usually go on
sale very shortly after - often on a Friday.

According to mobile expert Evan Blass, the upgrade will be available to Apple
fanatics on September 16.

Just to clarify, this refers to the retail release, not the launch event. To be
even more specific, it should happen on Friday, Sept. 16th.

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) July 23, 2016

4) It could be better value

As anyone who bought a 16GB iPhone 6 will know, it's really not enough space to
keep all of your favourite photos, music, podcasts, and apps.

Those who have spent the last few months constantly deleting data to free up
space will be pleased to hear that the base unit of the iPhone 7 is expected to
include 32GB of hard drive space - but with a price that will match the 16GB
entry point from around £539.

Read more

How to free up space on your iPhone without deleting your apps

Frank Ocean releases brand new visual album Endless on Apple Music

Apple iPhone 5C 'blew up and burned me'

5) The camera could have a dual-lens

There's plenty of speculation over exactly how Apple will upgrade the already
impressive iPhone camera - but the biggest rumour surrounds the idea of a
dual-lens.

Leaked images appear to show two camera lenses on the back of the unit, which
will allow for even crisper and sharper snaps.

Dual lenses could be a game changer for the next iPhone 7 camera according to
this leaked image. #iPhone7#Applepic.twitter.com/6NVCNHodOs

- Duct Tape Workshop (@ducttapews) August 23, 2016

6) It might be waterproof(ish)

Fed up of keeping a bag of rice nearby just in case you drop your iPhone in a
puddle - or worse?

Since the last iPhone release, Samsung have been boasting in adverts about their
water-resistant S7 - a feature Apple will surely want to replicate.

Idea: they could have Frank Ocean fans crying onto a waterproof IPhone 7 as part
of the R&B singer's Apple exclusivity period.

7) It will feature a more powerful processor

A new iPhone means a new processing chip - and the iPhone 7 should include an
all-new A10. The standard unit should have a 1960 mAh battery (an improvement on
the 6S' 1715 mAh), while the iPhone 7 Plus is likely to boast 3GB of RAM.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      August 30, 2016 Tuesday 11:45 AM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date, rumours, price, specs and leaked designs;
The new iPhone could drop the headphone jack - but is expected to have more
storage space

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 610 words


Apple are expected to launch their new iPhone in the coming weeks - and the
reveal of the new model isn't far away.

The tech giant have announced that their next major presentation will take place
on September 7, and should include an official announcement about the
long-rumoured iPhone 7.

As it's two years since the iPhone 6 was unveiled, with the iPhone 6S adding a
few extra features upon its 2015 launch, the new unit could bring several
significant changes to Apple's flagship smartphone.

Here's what the rumours are saying about the new phone so far.

Read more

The best iPhone apps in the world, according to Apple

1) It might drop the headphone jack

This would be a controversial move - but it's something that's been in the
pipeline for a while.

Insiders say that Apple are keen to drop the headphone input on the iPhone, as
the size of the jack means they currently can't make their phones any thinner.

If the headphone jack is indeed taken away, users will either connect wireless
headphones via Bluetooth, or plug their cans into the lightning port.

2) It could have a curved-edge design

The Samsung Galaxy remains iPhone's biggest rival - and its top-of-the-line unit
features beautiful curved edges with a screen that extends along them.

It's expected that Apple will try to maximise their screen space, and could
either implement a similar curved design, or at least have a screen that goes
right to the edge of the handset.

3) It will probably be out on September 16

The iPhone 7 announcement is due on September 7, and the units usually go on
sale very shortly after - often on a Friday.

According to mobile expert Evan Blass, the upgrade will be available to Apple
fanatics on September 16.

Just to clarify, this refers to the retail release, not the launch event. To be
even more specific, it should happen on Friday, Sept. 16th.

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) July 23, 2016

4) It could be better value

As anyone who bought a 16GB iPhone 6 will know, it's really not enough space to
keep all of your favourite photos, music, podcasts, and apps.

Those who have spent the last few months constantly deleting data to free up
space will be pleased to hear that the base unit of the iPhone 7 is expected to
include 32GB of hard drive space - but with a price that will match the 16GB
entry point from around £539.

Read more

How to free up space on your iPhone without deleting your apps

Frank Ocean releases brand new visual album Endless on Apple Music

Apple iPhone 5C 'blew up and burned me'

5) The camera could have a dual-lens

There's plenty of speculation over exactly how Apple will upgrade the already
impressive iPhone camera - but the biggest rumour surrounds the idea of a
dual-lens.

Leaked images appear to show two camera lenses on the back of the unit, which
will allow for even crisper and sharper snaps.

Dual lenses could be a game changer for the next iPhone 7 camera according to
this leaked image. #iPhone7#Applepic.twitter.com/6NVCNHodOs

- Duct Tape Workshop (@ducttapews) August 23, 2016

6) It might be waterproof(ish)

Fed up of keeping a bag of rice nearby just in case you drop your iPhone in a
puddle - or worse?

Since the last iPhone release, Samsung have been boasting in adverts about their
water-resistant S7 - a feature Apple will surely want to replicate.

Idea: they could have Frank Ocean fans crying onto a waterproof IPhone 7 as part
of the R&B singer's Apple exclusivity period.

7) It will feature a more powerful processor

A new iPhone means a new processing chip - and the iPhone 7 should include an
all-new A10. The standard unit should have a 1960 mAh battery (an improvement on
the 6S' 1715 mAh), while the iPhone 7 Plus is likely to boast 3GB of RAM.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 10, 2016 Thursday 12:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Updated release date, news and price rumours surrounding Apple's
next-generation smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1162 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 654 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

Google Pixel review: Android's answer to the iPhone 7 and one of 2016's best
smartphones

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple kills the grey market for iPhone 7 in the UAE

LENGTH: 208  words


You will no longer need to pay exorbitant prices to be the first with the new
iPhone.

Remember how you had to pay double to get the new iPhone first in the UAE? Those
days are pretty much over as the iPhone 7 launches in the UAE on the same date
as the US- September 16. That's right, you can pre-order the iPhone 7 in the UAE
on September 9 and have in in your hands the same day as buyers in the US or
other countries.

The iPhone 7 starts at AED 2,599 for the 32GB model, 2,999 for 128GB and 3,399
for 256GB. The iPhone 7 Plus starts at AED 3,099 for 32GB, 3,499 for 128GB and
3,899 for 256GB. The new models will be available in five colours- Black, Jet
Black, Silver, Gold and Rose Gold.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were revealed by Apple today and feature the new
A10 processor along with a redesigned home button that works using the Taptic
Engine. Apple is doubling the capacities on each model so the iPhone 7 will be
available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage capacities.
As expected, Apple has removed the headphone jack, however, the new iPhone 7 has
stereo speakers. It is also now water and dust resistant. The iPhone 7 Plus has
a dual camera setup that helps produce optical zoom

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/78/147332991884.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 18, 2016 Friday 10:18 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, specs, features and price rumours about Apple's
next-generation smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1169 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 10, 2016 Thursday 12:39 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Updated release date, news and price rumours surrounding Apple's
next-generation smartphone;
Can Apple continue to dominate the smartphone market? There are several online
leaks and rumours hinting at what the tech giant has planned for iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1169 words


The iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most hotly-anticipated gadgets of the
year.

After last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, tech fans are eager to see what the world's
most valuable company has planned for 2016.

And even thought the official announcement is months away, there are a host of
rumours already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts through to leaked pictures
supposedly showing early prototypes of the new iPhone.

Whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand new
phones from the likes of Samsung and LG.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Have your say in our comments section below

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

iPhone 7 case leak 1

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi, that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

iPhone 7 Plus to boast increased storage and battery

LENGTH: 286  words


By tbreak Staff -

The rumor mills have been going on overdrive with speculations, leaks and rumors
of the iPhone 7 and a Plus variant ever since the iPhone 6s came out. The latest
news however, says that the iPhone 7 Plus may come with an increased storage and
battery.

A recent report from Chinese media site MyDrivers stated that the iPhone will be
getting a major upgrade this year. The iPhone 7 Plus might apparently be getting
external design changes, specifically new 256GB storage configuration and a
larger internal battery, rumored to be 3100 mAH. The batteries had in fact
gotten smaller with the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, 2750 mAH and 2915 mAH
respectively.

Battery life of the iPhone is a complaint shared by many iPhone users, and is
often used as a comparative element with other Android devices. If this rumor is
true, the iPhone 7 Plus will have an increase of 10% battery life as compared to
the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. Although mAH does not actually convert do battery
life, it does indicate that the chips and circuit boards will get more efficient
over time.

Raising the storage of the device could also suggest that Apple could be
changing up the storage across the board, thus heeding to another popular
complaint that the 16GB is just too small. With higher megapixel cameras, HD and
4K videos, users do require larger space to store all their photos and videos.
However, the report specifically claims that the 256GB storage might come only
for the iPhone 7 Plus.

The new iPhone 7 and Plus variant, are expected to come out during fall, but
there are also rumors of another 4 inch iPhone 6c set to be revealed at Apple's
press event in March.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/96/145199455701.jpg



LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      January 19, 2016 Tuesday 7:53 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Latest release date, news and price rumours on Apple's next
smartphone;
As 2016 has arrived it's brought with it a fresh set of iPhone 7 rumours - we've
put together everything there is on Apple's next gizmo

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 900 words


Many people that didn't upgrade to the iPhone 6s last year will have one very
specific reason for holding out.

If Apple stays true to form, it will reveal a brand new iPhone at some point
this year - and it's likely to be a substantial upgrade.

The iPhone 7 was rumoured to appear last year but instead it looks like 2016
will be when Apple makes the jump.

It will have to work hard to keep pace with forthcoming Android handsets from
the likes of Samsung and Sony, but there are plenty of rumours that give hints
about what Apple is planning.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

But fans have been infuriated by new pics which claim to show a drastic change
in one of the key features of the iPhone.

The pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone jack
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                 NTNews Edition

Apple's new ear-a

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 485 words


APPLE has launched its new iPhone 7 to a very mixed -reception - an extra camera
has won praise but the axing of the headphone jack is being -criticised on
social media.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took the helm at Apple's biggest launch of the year in San
Francisco yesterday, also unveiling a new Apple Watch.

Both upgrades are smarter, faster and waterproof. The iPhone 7 can survive up to
30 minutes at a depth of 1m.

The timing of the iPhone event is perfect for Apple, coming just days after
rival -Samsung was forced to recall its flagship Note 7 after a string of
reports of the phone bursting into flames while charging.

Technology analyst Jan Dawson, of Jackdaw Research, called the dual-lens camera
in the iPhone 7 Plus the "headline" of the event.

This is the first iPhone to have two rear 12-megapixel cameras, giving the
iPhone 7 Plus a 2x optical zoom and the ability to mimic the shallow
depth-of-field -effect from a digital SLR camera.

Mr Dawson said the dual-lens camera, only available in the bigger Plus-sized
iPhone, would boost sales. "This is going to increase average selling prices and
drive iPhone revenue growth," he said.

Mr Dawson said that Apple had work to do in selling its message, with a negative
reaction on social media to the news that Apple had ditched the 3.5mm audio jack
which would force people to connect their headphones through the Lightning port
or switch to wireless headphones that need regularly charging.

Apple will ship an adaptor with the new iPhone that will let people connect
existing headphones through the Lightning port, but users cannot use wired
headphones and charge it at the same time.

Telsyte senior analyst Alvin Lee said only 35 per cent of Australians said they
were turned off from buying a smartphone without a headphone jack, and that
Apple buyers were less concerned about it being phased out.

Apple also released the second version of the Apple Watch, with a greater
emphasis on exercise. It now has built-in GPS and can be used to track kilojoule
burn while swimming. The watch is waterproof to 50m.

The iPhone 7 starts at $1079 and the iPhone 7 Plus at $1269. It goes on sale one
week from today, as does the new watch, from $520.

HIGHLIGHTS â-  iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have an IP67 water resistance rating,
meaning it is designed to survive being immersed in 1m of water for 30 minutes.

â-  The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have a faster chip, brighter screen and stereo sound
but does not have a headphone jack.

â-  The 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus has dual cameras, with one 12 megapixel camera
with a wide angle and one 12 megapixel camera with a 2x telephone. A software
update to come out before the end of the year will add a Portrait mode to the
iPhone 7 plus, letting you take DSLR-style portraits with a shallow depth of
field.â-  The second generation Apple Watch Series 2 has GPS and is water
resistant to 50m and designed to track calorie burn while swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                  Pune Mirror

iPhone 7 ditches headphone jack, 7 Plus adds dual cameras

SECTION: SCITECH

LENGTH: 638 words


The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in India starting October 7,
with prices starting at 60,000. The new phones use the Lightning port for
earphones, while the larger iPhone 7 Plus also sports a second telephoto camera

Apple's latest smartphones - iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - will be available in
India from October 7 at a starting price of Rs 60,000, the US-based technology
giant has said, while for the first time confirming the India pricing of the
gadgets at the launch event itself.

The highly-anticipated new iPhones with advancements such as stereo speakers,
water and dust resistance technology, and wireless headphones were launched by
Apple CEO Tim Cook at in San Francisco on Wednesday night.

As widely speculated, Apple also introduced AirPods, wireless headphones for the
new phone. In addition, Apple has eliminated the standard headphone jack; wired
earphones will now connect to the phone's Lightning port, which is also used for
charging.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries
beginning September 16 and the products will be available in India beginning
October 7.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7 inch display, will start at $649, while the 5.5 inch
iPhone7 Plus will cost $769 and up. The models will be available in silver,
gold, rose gold and black in 32 GB, 128 GB and 256 GB configurations. A new jet
black finish will only be available in 128 GB and 256 GB options.

The starting price for the iPhone 7 in India is Rs 60,000 for the 32 GB iPhone
model in India.

Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing Philip Schiller said Apple
has inculcated the advanced A10 Fusion chip in the new phones, "the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the sound,
all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone".

The phones will also have an improved home button that lets users perform
different tasks by varying how hard they press it, the company said.

Apple has also introduced the next generation of its smartwatch, called Apple
Watch Series 2, which has been equipped with fitness and health capabilities
including a water resistance 50 meter rating for swimming, built-in GPS, dual-
core processor.

The company also announced a tie-up with sports giant Nike for its watches and
the Apple Watch Nike+ will be available to order beginning September 9, with
availability in late October for India.

In India, the Apple Watch Nike+ will be available in 38 mm size at Rs 32,900,
and in 42mm at Rs 34,900.

The new phones will come with the earpods with Lightning connector as well as a
3.5 mm headphone jack adaptor that will allow customers to use old headphones
and accessories.

Apple said AirPods, which can be synced with various Apple devices, will
eliminate the hassles of normal headphones and its "advanced sensors know when
you are listening and automatically play and pause your music".

AirPods will include a charging case and will be available for Rs 15,400 in late
October.

The new iPhones comes with a 12-megapixel camera which includes optical image
stabilisation, a larger aperture and 6-element lens.

The iPhone 7 Plus also packs a second 12-megapixel telephoto camera at the back.
The two cameras combine to offer 2x optical zoom and up to 10x digital zoom for
photos.

For selfies, the iPhone 7 now comes with a 7- megapixel FaceTime HD camera.

Apple also announced launch of the latest version of its operating system,
calling iOS 10 the "biggest release ever of the world's most advanced mobile
operating system".

The new phones will come with iOS 10, which introduces an update to Messages,
the ability for its virtual assistant Siri to do more by working with apps, and
new ways to interact with redesigned apps.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Getting iPhone 7 with the shiny jet-black finish may require wait;
TECHNOLOGY

SECTION: ; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 324 words


Apple hasn't released any preorder numbers for the latest pair of iPhones, but
the company has let one nugget about sales slip out: If you want a jet-black
iPhone, you may have to wait awhile.

The company said phones with the new, glossy black finish for the iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus wouldn't be on shelves in Apple stores at first.

"We couldn't be happier with the initial response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus," Apple said in a statement to The Washington Post. "During the online
pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and iPhone
7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers."

The jet-black iPhone models come only in the phone's higher storage capacities,
128 gigabyte and 256 gigabyte.

Shoppers may have luck finding the jet-black phones at carrier stores or other
retail stores, such as Best Buy or Target. But you may want to call ahead before
you go to the store (or camp out in line) to make sure you can get what you
want.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are also available in rose gold, gold, silver and
Apple's other black finish. The firm said shoppers would be able to find all of
those hues in Apple stores and other retail stores.

Those who really want the shiny jet-black finish can still order the phone they
want - though it will require patience. Orders for the jet-black iPhone on
Apple's website have shipping dates that push into November.

Apple has said that it will not release preorder sales information for this pair
of smartphones, as had been its custom, because it thought that the phones will
sell out and that sales will be limited only by supply.

Skeptics have said that Apple's decision indicates it's worried that the latest
phones, which are more of an incremental update than many had hoped, won't sell
in the way some have come to expect from Apple. That's a valid concern, given
that some may look at the new phones and decide not to upgrade so quickly.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 616 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

The company will live stream the event on it's website, although you'll only be
able to watch it on an Apple Mac or iOS device. You can also follow all the
action as it happens on the Mirror live blog.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 616 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

The company will live stream the event on it's website, although you'll only be
able to watch it on an Apple Mac or iOS device. You can also follow all the
action as it happens on the Mirror live blog.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 3:06 PM GMT

iPhone 7 in Ireland: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest
news and rumours about Apple's new device;
The tech giant will release the next generation of the phone - likely to be
called the iPhone7 - at its annual event in San Francisco

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: LIFESTYLE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 610 words


Gadget fans will finally find out what is special about the new iPhone when it
is launched TODAY by Apple.

Rumours have swirled for months about its features, one of which is a potential
dual-lens camera.

And the new phone controversially may no longer have a earphone socket.

The tech giant will release the next generation of the phone - likely to be
called the iPhone7 - at its annual event in San Francisco.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

The iPhone 7 is expected to start at around (EURO)700 for the 32GB version. The
larger iPhone 7 Plus is expected to start at (EURO)815.

iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO
headphone jack expected at Apple event 2016

Apple has been known in the past to lower the price of its older handsets when
new models are released, meaning the cost of an iPhone 6s could fall.

Each year the Silicon Valley company unveils a raft of new products in the
Autumn, which can include new iPad, MacBook and Apple Watch models.

Talk of the new features on the handset have been circulating for months with
several leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent is that Apple is going to get rid of the headphone socket.

This means users of the new device will either have to connect compatible ear
and headphones to listen to music via Bluetooth.

Or alternatively wired headphones that plug into the lightning, or charging
port, can be used - an idea that already has some fans up in arms.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

But no jack would allow the phone to be thinner and sleeker, and could
potentially help in making the phone more waterproof.

Water-resistance is another feature that is rumoured to be on the table with the
new model.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - a big selling
point.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof iPhone.

The iPhone 7 is expected to have a camera upgrade but this may only apply to the
larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 .

And the larger model could have a a dual-lens camera, meaning users will be able
to snap SLR-quality photos and create arty special effects such as bokeh - which
throws part of the picture out of focus.

Talk is rife that Apple will remove the home button, but the latest chatter is
this could now be a key feature of next year's model - to mark the 10th
anniversary.

Instead pressure-sensitivity could be added to the button, meaning different
functions could be performed depending on how hard it is pressed.

Leaked pictures also suggest Apple will scrap the plastic lines across the back
of the device.

These currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and reach
the antennas.

However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the case to get around
this restriction.

Other big changes expected include scrapping the smaller 16GB model, with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB.

And it is also expected to introduce a new top-of-the-range device with 256GB of
storage.

Fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will get several hours of battery
life from just a few minutes of charging - could also be introduced, alongside a
new colour of 'piano black' joining silver, gold, rose gold, dark black.

But Apple likes to surprise, and is good at keeping secrets, so there could be
other new features on the phone.

To watch the event live, click here - but just be sure you're using an Apple
device to view the stream .

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     February 28, 2016 Sunday 02:01 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: FBI gets in the way; a new iPad on the way; wildest
concept design yet

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 504  words


Click for image

iPhone 7 rumor followers might have tried to ignore all the fuss between Apple
and the FBI about whether an iPhone 5c used by one of the San Bernardino
murderers will be cracked open. But then people started suggesting that
situation could have a bearing on when Apple would actually deliver its next
flagship iPhone...

A headline from The Independent this past week read "iPhone 7 could be built
specifically so governments can't get access to its contents," and the story
goes on to document how it's possible Apple could build future phones to be
unhackable, to head off any future government requests to pry open iPhones.

MORE: Best Apple iPhone 7 Design Concepts of 2016

The Independent reports:

"It isn't clear exactly how Apple could strengthen the phone's security. But it
could mean building the hardware specifically so that people can't get access to
the phone's contents, and that Apple is unable to modify the phone in such a way
as to overcome it."

Boy Genius Report posted an item titled "Will the iPhone 7 launch be delayed by
the FBI's backdoor request?", sending shudders throughout iPhone Rumormonger
Nation about what this could mean for aniPhone 7 release date in 2016. I mean,
how many more iPhone 7 design concepts can people possibly come up with if this
stretches beyond the fall?

BGR's Chris Smith writes that "After reading through some of Apple's claims, we
can't but wonder whether such a custom software built for the FBI would hinder
Apple's product launch plans for the remainder of the year. Specifically, delays
in development for iOS 10 could lead to a postponed iPhone 7  launch and we'll
explain why..." Apple outlines in its response to the FBI request how it would
need to assign numerous employees to the case, and the assumption is that they
wouldn't then be working on the new iPhones.

NEW iPAD PRO ON THE WAY?

Even before Apple gets to an anticipated fall debut for the iPhone 7, the
company has been expected to roll out a 4-inch iPhone 5se and a new iPad in
March. Up until now, the thinking was that this new tablet would be the iPad Air
3, but the latest scuttlebutt is that it will actually be an addition to the
rather newish iPad Pro mega-tablet line.

Rumor is that Apple is readying a 9.7-inch iPad Pro to go along with the
12.9-inch version introduced in the fall. The new tablet, reports 9to5Mac, would
likely have the same A9X processor as the bigger edition, as well as support for
the Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard.

Apple Insider says to expect these announcements on March 22. Release dates for
the new small iPhone and new big iPad would presumably be shortly after that.

Not that anyone is buying tablets anymore anyway...

WILDEST CONCEPT DESIGN YET

What people would buy, though, is an iPhone that magically (our word, not
Apple's this time) morphs into a tablet.

That's the vision shared in this latest iPhone 7 concept design, via Sonicdat.
Its big

idea: push a button and triple the screen size of the iPhone 7, with carbon
fiber arms and a flexible display.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       January 8, 2016 Friday 7:44 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7: Latest release date, news and price rumours - all the updates on
2016's hottest gadget;
As 2016 has arrived it's brought with it a fresh set of iPhone 7 rumours - we've
put together everything there is on Apple's next gizmo

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 900 words


Many people that didn't upgrade to the iPhone 6s last year will have one very
specific reason for holding out.

If Apple stays true to form, it will reveal a brand new iPhone at some point
this year - and it's likely to be a substantial upgrade.

The iPhone 7 was rumoured to appear last year but instead it looks like 2016
will be when Apple makes the jump.

It will have to work hard to keep pace with forthcoming Android handsets from
the likes of Samsung and Sony, but there are plenty of rumours that give hints
about what Apple is planning.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

But fans have been infuriated by new pics which claim to show a drastic change
in one of the key features of the iPhone.

The pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone jack
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

Life hacks for your iPhone

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 20, 2016

Apple ditches free return policy

BYLINE: LUO WEITENG/MENG JING

LENGTH: 547  words


Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

An employee shows a customer the new iPhone 7 during the opening day of sales at
an Apple store in Hong Kong on Friday.AFP

Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

Apple had previously allowed customers in Hong Kong and Macao to return the
undamaged products for free, with the original receipt and packaging, within 14
days of the pick-up date.

However, buyers will now be charged a 25-percent "open box fee" when returning
their opened Apple or Beats products, and a 15-percent "restocking fee" for
closed-box returns. A tailor-made return policy, in particular, has been
introduced for purchases of more than four products from the same category.

The new policy was released on Apple's website on the same day iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus hit stores in Hong Kong and Macao, where the lucrative scalping
business has become commonplace and distorted the markets with the launch of
every iPhone model over the past few years.

The exact reason behind the policy change, and whether it is a temporary move
until supplies of the highly sought-after iPhone 7 models return to a normal
level, remains unclear at the moment. It is believed the decision has much to do
with the thriving re-sale market in the territories, where an iPhone 7 Plus can
easily be resold at the moment at a 100-percent premium.

Hong Kong resident Thomas Li picked up his pre-ordered jet black 128G iPhone 7
Plus at the Apple Store in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on Sunday. Having gotten his
hands on the new iPhone model, which normally retails for HK$7,388 ($952), for a
few minutes, he just as quickly sold it to a scalper waiting a few feet outside
the Apple Store for HK$15,000.

Merchants at Sin Tat Plaza, Hong Kong's so-called iPhone exchange which
determines the gray market's price for the newly launched iPhone models, quoted
a price of up to HK$21,000 for a jet black 256G iPhone 7 Plus and HK$15,000 for
a jet black 128G iPhone 7 Plus.

A 32G iPhone 7 Plus in gold or rose gold can be sold at a premium of more than
HK$1,000 and the same-colored 128G model can be sold for HK$1,500 more than the
official retail price.

Due to the lack to import taxes and duties, smuggling the latest iPhone models
from Hong Kong into the mainland can be rather profitable, even though the
mainland was selected in the first batch of markets for the launch of the iPhone
7.

Online preordering for the newly released iPhones kicked off on Sept 9 in the
mainland. But many Apple enthusiasts complained about the difficulty of getting
their hands on the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7. It is
unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply.

Apple, which saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China in the quarter ended in
June, pins its hope on the new iPhones to regain its business momentum in the
country where domestic brands such as Huawei and Oppo have seen a surge in
shipments.

Meng Jing contributed to this story

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Apple ditches free return policy

BYLINE: LUO WEITENG/MENG JING

LENGTH: 574  words


Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

An employee shows a customer the new iPhone 7 during the opening day of sales at
an Apple store in Hong Kong on Friday.AFP

Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

Apple had previously allowed customers in Hong Kong and Macao to return the
undamaged products for free, with the original receipt and packaging, within 14
days of the pick-up date.

However, buyers will now be charged a 25-percent "open box fee" when returning
their opened Apple or Beats products, and a 15-percent "restocking fee" for
closed-box returns. A tailor-made return policy, in particular, has been
introduced for purchases of more than four products from the same category.

The new policy was released on Apple's website on the same day iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus hit stores in Hong Kong and Macao, where the lucrative scalping
business has become commonplace and distorted the markets with the launch of
every iPhone model over the past few years.

The exact reason behind the policy change, and whether it is a temporary move
until supplies of the highly sought-after iPhone 7 models return to a normal
level, remains unclear at the moment. It is believed the decision has much to do
with the thriving re-sale market in the territories, where an iPhone 7 Plus can
easily be resold at the moment at a 100-percent premium.

Hong Kong resident Thomas Li picked up his pre-ordered jet black 128G iPhone 7
Plus at the Apple Store in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on Sunday. Having gotten his
hands on the new iPhone model, which normally retails for HK$7,388 ($952), for a
few minutes, he just as quickly sold it to a scalper waiting a few feet outside
the Apple Store for HK$15,000.

Merchants at Sin Tat Plaza, Hong Kong's so-called iPhone exchange which
determines the gray market's price for the newly launched iPhone models, quoted
a price of up to HK$21,000 for a jet black 256G iPhone 7 Plus and HK$15,000 for
a jet black 128G iPhone 7 Plus.

A 32G iPhone 7 Plus in gold or rose gold can be sold at a premium of more than
HK$1,000 and the same-colored 128G model can be sold for HK$1,500 more than the
official retail price.

Due to the lack to import taxes and duties, smuggling the latest iPhone models
from Hong Kong into the mainland can be rather profitable, even though the
mainland was selected in the first batch of markets for the launch of the iPhone
7.

Online preordering for the newly released iPhones kicked off on Sept 9 in the
mainland. But many Apple enthusiasts complained about the difficulty of getting
their hands on the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7. It is
unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply.

Apple, which saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China in the quarter ended in
June, pins its hope on the new iPhones to regain its business momentum in the
country where domestic brands such as Huawei and Oppo have seen a surge in
shipments.

Meng Jing contributed to this story

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/147437174464.jpg

b083fe955a0f194ab7fa06.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/16/147437174671.png

b083fe955a0f194ab83307.png

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Apple 'Hissing-gate': iPhone 7 & 7 Plus handsets making strange sounds;
Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus owners have reported that the devices a strange
hissing sound problem. The hissing sound is generally found in electronic
devices when there are a few new parts like chips, which are not well
connected.-- Delivered by Feed43 s...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 366  words


Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus owners have reported that the devices a strange
hissing sound problem. The hissing sound is generally found in electronic
devices when there are a few new parts like chips, which are not well connected.
This sound was first reported by American podcaster Stephen Hackett, who noticed
the hiss when the smartphone was used heavily for a long time. Hackett took to
Twitter and wrote, "My iPhone 7 Plus makes terrible noises when under load."
Along with the tweet, he added a YouTube link, which had a recording of the
sound. After Hackett's tweet, a lot of users of the new iPhone 7 have come out
and acknowledged it and confirmed that they were facing the same problem in
their devices.

Darrell Etherington, a journalist who was a former PR with Apple also tweeted
that he heard the sound in his iPhone 7 Plus while setting it up. Apparently,
the hissing sound from the iPhone 7 comes because of a high-power processor
which when under heavy load produces what is called as 'coil noise'. It has been
learnt that the new A10 Fusion processor might be the reason since the sound
only comes when large programs are being processed. The new processor which is
said to be twice as fast as the one in iPhone 6, also has 'efficiency cores to
save battery. There are no fans in there, yet the sound seems like the whirring
of a fan, in other devices like laptops.

In reply to Hackett's tweet, Apple's customer care team suggested him to go to
an Apple store and get it replaced. Although there is a shortage of devices,
reportedly, others should also go to the store if such an issue comes to the
fore. After the bend-gate issue in iPhone 6 in the year 2014, this hissing-gate
is another controversy that Apple has found itself in. Though many claimed that
the hissing sound is not exclusive to Apple only. Many devices with
high-intensity processors also tend to make the sound.

Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch in India on October 7. While the iPhone
7 price starts at Rs 60,000 for the 32GB variant, it is Rs 70,000 for the 128GB
variant and Rs 80,000 for 256GB. The iPhone 7 Plus will be priced at Rs 72,000
for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for the 256GB variant.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 12:31 PM GMT

iPhone 7 battery fail: Apple's latest handset finishes LAST in independent
battery life test;
Apple claims the iPhone 7 lasts two hours longer than the iPhone 6s - but is it
long enough?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 329 words


Apple may claim that its iPhone 7 has "the best battery life ever on an iPhone",
but sometimes your best just isn't good enough.

According to tests by consumer watchdog Which? , the battery on the iPhone 7
doesn't last anywhere near as long as its three major Android rivals - the
Samsung Galaxy S7, HTC 10 and LG G5.

All four phones were put through their paces, first making a continuous call
over 3G until the battery ran out, and then accessing a regularly updating web
page over 3G.

In the interest of fairness, Which? ensured that the signal strength on each
phone was consistent, the screen brightness was set at the same level, and each
phone had been fully discharged and then charged before testing.

On the call test, the iPhone 7's battery reportedly lasted 712 minutes - less
than half the amount of time as the Samsung Galaxy S7, which lasted 1,492
minutes. The LG G5 lasted 1,579 minutes, and the HTC 10 lasted an incredible
1,859 minutes.

When it came to internet browsing time, the results were a lot closer - but the
iPhone 7 still came bottom.

The 615 minutes of battery life offered by the iPhone 7 is 25 minutes less than
its nearest rival, the LG G5, and 175 minutes less than the top-performing HTC
10.

In fact, the HTC 10's 3G internet browsing time was even longer than the iPhone
7's 3G call time... It doesn't make for pretty reading for Apple.

Which? said the main reason for the iPhone 7's poor battery life was its
comparatively tiny battery cell - measured in milliampere hours (mAh).

"The iPhone 7 has a 1,960mAh battery, whilst the HTC 10 has a 3,000mAh battery:
it should hardly be surprising that one battery nearly half the size of another
offers roughly half as much charge," it said.

This is likely to offer little solace to people who have forked out £599 and up
for a brand spanking new iPhone 7.

However, as Which? points out, battery life isn't everything when it comes to
picking the best phone. You can read our full review of the iPhone 7 here .

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Apple ditches free return policy

BYLINE: Luo Weiteng

LENGTH: 503  words


Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

Apple had previously allowed customers in Hong Kong and Macao to return the
undamaged products for free, with the original receipt and packaging, within 14
days of the pick-up date.

However, buyers will now be charged a 25-per cent "open box fee" when returning
their opened Apple or Beats products, and a 15-per cent "restocking fee" for
closed-box returns. A tailor-made return policy, in particular, has been
introduced for purchases of more than four products from the same category.

The new policy was released on Apple's website on the same day iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus hit stores in Hong Kong and Macao, where the lucrative scalping
business has become commonplace and distorted the markets with the launch of
every iPhone model over the past few years.

The exact reason behind the policy change, and whether it is a temporary move
until supplies of the highly sought-after iPhone 7 models return to a normal
level, remains unclear at the moment. It is believed the decision has much to do
with the thriving re-sale market in the territories, where an iPhone 7 Plus can
easily be resold at the moment at a 100-per cent premium.

Hong Kong resident Thomas Li picked up his pre-ordered jet black 128G iPhone 7
Plus at the Apple Store in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on Sunday. Having gotten his
hands on the new iPhone model, which normally retails for 7,388 Hong Kong
dollars ($952), for a few minutes, he just as quickly sold it to a scalper
waiting a few feet outside the Apple Store for 15,000 Hong Kong dollars.

Merchants at Sin Tat Plaza, Hong Kong's so-called iPhone exchange which
determines the gray market's price for the newly launched iPhone models, quoted
a price of up to 21,000 Hong Kong dollars for a jet black 256G iPhone 7 Plus and
15,000 Hong Kong dollars for a jet black 128G iPhone 7 Plus.

A 32G iPhone 7 Plus in gold or rose gold can be sold at a premium of more than
1,000 Hong Kong dollars and the same-colored 128G model can be sold for 1,500
Hong Kong dollars more than the official retail price.

Due to the lack to import taxes and duties, smuggling the latest iPhone models
from Hong Kong into the mainland can be rather profitable, even though the
mainland was selected in the first batch of markets for the launch of the iPhone
7.

Online pre-ordering for the newly released iPhones kicked off on September 9 in
the mainland. But many Apple enthusiasts complained about the difficulty of
getting their hands on the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7.
It is unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited
supply.

Apple, which saw a 33 per cent drop in sales in China in the quarter ended in
June, pins its hope on the new iPhones to regain its business momentum in the
country where domestic brands such as Huawei and Oppo have seen a surge in
shipments.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Bet on black: new iPhone delivers under the hood;
Muted response to the similar design fails to appreciate engineering
innovations, say experts

BYLINE: Bien Perez

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/BUSINESS/GENERAL; nws city news 01.pgl; Review;
Pg.2

LENGTH: 480 words


When Steve Jobs introduced the original iPhone in January 2007, he touted the
device as "a revolutionary and magical product" that was "five years ahead of
any ­mobile phone".


But the latest iterations of ­Apple's flagship product, the ­iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus, were launched last week in the United States to muted reception since
the basic design retained that of the previous two generations.

Once they have it in their hands, they will fall in love with itJulie Ask, a
vice-president at Forrester Research

"Consumers underestimate the engineering feats the iPhone 7 brings, like the
audio, camera and processing power, in such a small package," said Julie Ask, a
vice-president at Forrester Research. "While it's hard to market performance and
speed, consumers need to experience it firsthand to get it. Once they have it in
their hands, they will fall in love with it."


The Posthad a limited hands-on time with a test unit, but it certainly left a
very good impression.


Available in Hong Kong from Friday, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have three storage
capacity options - 32 gigabytes, 128GB and 256GB - and come in five case
finishes: silver, gold, rose gold, matte black and jet black.


The jet black iPhone 7 is likely to be the must-have model, ­despite the
constant fingermarks users will inevitably have to wipe from its piano
lacquer-like finish. This high-gloss aluminium case draws attention, much like
the white iPhone 4 model when it was released in 2011.


The jet black model is available only with the 128GB and 256GB storage options.

Audio is greatly enhanced by two new stereo speakers, which deliver twice the
volume of the iPhone 6s

That seamless unibody design also parlays a re-engineered enclosure that makes
the iPhone 7 both water and dust resistant, as well as competitive with premium
water-resistant Android smartphones like the Galaxy S7 from Samsung, and Sony's
Experia Z5.


The 138-gram new iPhone model's 4.7-inch Retina HD ­display - the branding used
by Apple for its high-definition - multi-touch screens, has 1,334 by 750-pixel
resolution, which makes it up to 25 per cent brighter than the iPhone 6s.


Pre-launch concerns focused on the removal of the stereo jack, which means the
phones only work with compatible wireless headphones, such as the new AirPods
available separately from next month. But audio is greatly enhanced by the
handset's two new stereo speakers, which deliver twice the volume of the iPhone
6s.


The iPhone 7 sports a 12-megapixel back camera and a 7MP front camera, while the
7 Plus has a 12MP dual camera at the back. Both models come with an optical
image stabilisation feature for better low-light photos and videos. The
technology ­compensates for handshake and counteracts motion blur.


The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available from Friday and prices for the iPhone
7 start from HK$5,588, while those of the 7 Plus start at HK$6,588.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                       August 14, 2016 Sunday 4:20 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price and all the latest rumours about Apple's next
iPhone;
New iPhone 7 expected to go on sale in September

BYLINE: By Lorna Hughes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1278 words


September is back to school time but Merseyside Apple fans will be trying to get
their hands on the new iPhone rather than satchels and pencil cases.

We've been taking a look at all the latest rumours about the phone, which is
expected to be released by the California tech giant in early September.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

The online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement, with
supposed leak images, predictions from industry analysts and design tips.

Some predict Apple will ditch the home button, while others think the iPhone
will get an all-round revamp.

Bloomberg Technology thinks the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

The sites said: "Current home buttons are switches that physically press into
the phone, but the new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that
provides feedback to the user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a
true physical click."

And pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage, which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

Other rumours suggest the next iPhone will have a larger camera lens and a USB
Type C connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

The model obtained in an online video appears to closely match these rumours and
there's no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s.

One online mock-up comes in a deep metallic blue tone - so could Apple be
planning to expand its range of colours for the iPhone 7 range?

Designer Martin Hajek has created several 3D renders of what he thinks the
iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of rumours is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead.

Martin Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts, by way of Business
Insider, suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
pack more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times, Apple is working on a
new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming smartphone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                       August 14, 2016 Sunday 4:20 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price and all the latest rumours about Apple's next
iPhone;
New iPhone 7 expected to go on sale in September

BYLINE: By Lorna Hughes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1278 words


September is back to school time but Merseyside Apple fans will be trying to get
their hands on the new iPhone rather than satchels and pencil cases.

We've been taking a look at all the latest rumours about the phone, which is
expected to be released by the California tech giant in early September.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

The online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement, with
supposed leak images, predictions from industry analysts and design tips.

Some predict Apple will ditch the home button, while others think the iPhone
will get an all-round revamp.

Bloomberg Technology thinks the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

The sites said: "Current home buttons are switches that physically press into
the phone, but the new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that
provides feedback to the user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a
true physical click."

And pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider, the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage, which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

Other rumours suggest the next iPhone will have a larger camera lens and a USB
Type C connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

The model obtained in an online video appears to closely match these rumours and
there's no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s.

One online mock-up comes in a deep metallic blue tone - so could Apple be
planning to expand its range of colours for the iPhone 7 range?

Designer Martin Hajek has created several 3D renders of what he thinks the
iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of rumours is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead.

Martin Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts, by way of Business
Insider, suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
pack more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post, adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy, showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times, Apple is working on a
new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming smartphone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Snapdeal offer on iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: Rs 10,000 discount, no cost EMIs,
pre-orders start in India;
Snapdeal iPhone 7 and 7 Plus offer: Online marketplace Snapdeal has unveiled a
new offer to keep the excitement high on its website during the festive season
in the wake of the just concluded Unbox Diwali sale. The post Snapdeal offer on
iPhone 7 and 7...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 399  words


Snapdeal iPhone 7 and 7 Plus offer: Online marketplace Snapdeal has unveiled a
new offer to keep the excitement high on its website during the festive season
in the wake of the just concluded Unbox Diwali sale.

Snapdeal iPhone 7 and 7 Plus offer: Online marketplace Snapdeal has unveiled a
new offer to keep the excitement high on its website during the festive season
in the wake of the just concluded Unbox Diwali sale. The offer spans a number
sensitive points about the price on this premium smartphone that was launched
recently. The interest in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is intense indeed, but
with the launch of the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL, which are going to be
available soon, many 'pucca' customers may now be in two minds about buying the
product and instead waiting to check out what Google has launched. Nevertheless,
Apple iPhone is a premium phone and will make for an excellent gift in this
season of giving in India. Just remember, both the phones will hurt your wallet.

Snapdeal has tagged its iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus offer as 'industry best offer'.
So, what is it offering? First of all is an instant Rs 10,000 off for American
Express Card members. The offer has gone live on Snapdeal at 00:00 hours on
October 7, 2016.

Snapdeal Co-founder Rohit Bansal said, "We have entered into a strategic
partnership with American Express and are excited to bring yet another much
sought after and iconic product to our customers with an attractive offer. We
are confident that all avid Apple fans would appreciate this specially curated
offer on iPhone 7."

Snapdeal is allowing potential buyers to club this 'instant discount' on Apple
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus with its on-going exchange offers on smartphones and Zero
Cost EMIs. Do the maths as per the combination that suits you and then see if
the deal is exciting enough. As far as Snapdeal is concerned, this is an
'incredible deal' on the Apple smartphones.

American Express Banking Corp, India Vice President & General Manager - Consumer
& Merchant Services and CEO Manoj Adlakha, on his part, said, "American Express
is recognized for providing premium service and value, which resonates with the
lifestyle and the aspirations of our card members. In line with the commitment,
we have partnered with Snapdeal to introduce a limited period offer on the much
awaited iPhone 7 and 7 Plus to all American Express card members."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

7 heaven soon for iPhone fans in Oman

LENGTH: 349 words


by Staff Reporter Ooredoo has started pre-registration for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
plus online through its eShop from September 30.


Muscat: Ooredoo has started pre-registration for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus
online through its eShop from September 30.

The telecom provider is offering 32GB, 128GB and 256 GB models of iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 plus in black, jet black, silver, gold and rose gold colours.



The Ooredoo website states: "Register your interest for the iPhone 7 now and
stay up to date with all the updates."

Apple unveiled its new water-resistant iPhone 7 with high-resolution dual-lens
cameras at its fall product event on September 7 and said a Super Mario game was
coming to the new phone and Pokemon Go would feature on its upgraded Apple
Watch.

However, Apple fans in the country have reported mixed reactions to the launch
of the iPhone7, even as they anticipate the product's official launch in Oman.

Despite the phone not being officially launched in the country, Apple product
admirers in Oman rushed to stores on the first day of the release to buy the
latest handset.

Some were able to buy it because of availability in the grey market, however,
many chose to purchase it from the official Apple store in the United Arab
Emirates (UAE) or elsewhere abroad in case they were travelling.

As the phone has not been officially launched in the country, prices vary from
one store to another.

An Apple fan had told the Times of Oman that although he has not purchased the
phone yet; he intends to buy it from Dubai as prices in Oman are much higher, "I
got a quote for OMR500 from a store in Qurum for the iPhone7 with a 256GB
memory, which I can buy for AED3,399 or OMR356 from the official Apple store in
Dubai."

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are splash, water, and dust resistant and were tested
under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP67 under IEC standard
60529.

Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016

http://imgs.syndigate.info/42/89/57/147534495386.jpg

Ooredoo has started pre-registration for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus online
through its eShop from September 30.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2016 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 7 launch: Rumour round-up

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 6 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Apple is expected to unveil a new iPhone and maybe even a second-generation
smartwatch at a special event that kicks off in San Francisco on Wednesday.


 MUST READ
 Apple iPhone 7 event to kick off tomorrow: Watch livestreaming here
 The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will
boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while
doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones.
 Here is the roumour round up of the upcoming iPhone 7:
 - A tech site Techtastic has got some good clues about the colour of the Apple
iPhone 7. It says that the iPhone 7 will come in space gray black.
 - In other tech rumours, Apple will come with a 32GB storage for the base
variant of its iPhone 7.
 - For a very long time Apple users have been complaining about Apple's 16GB
storage which they find too less to capture a high definition video.
 - Meanwhile, Apple is likely to carry on with the making of 64GB and 128GB
versions of the phone.
 - A July video leak showed iPhone 7 to be is very similar to iPhone 6S in terms
of design and size. The leaked video also suggested that the phone may have a
bigger camera and USB-type C port.
 - It may also have sport optical image stabilisation (OIS) feature.
 - A Wall Street Journal report said that Apple will come with a 32GB storage
for the base variant of its iPhone 7. Meanwhile, Apple is likely to carry on
with the making of 64GB and 128GB versions of the phone.
 - So far, we have known from various reports that the iPhone 7 would not have
antenna bands across the rear and no 3.5mm headphone jack.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 will be similar to iPhone 6s in design: WSJ

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


NEW DELHI: Recently some online reports stated that Apple would be refreshing
its iPhone design with the launch of the iPhone 7 this year. The speculations
were supported by the logic that Apple changes the design of its smartphones
every two years. However, according to a new report from The Wall Street
Journal, the iPhone 7 is likely to sport the same design as that of iPhone 6 and
the iPhone 6s models.The report, which cites 'people familiar with the matter',
adds that the rumoured iPhone 7 will be arriving in two variants with 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch displays.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s models too come in same screen sizes.The major design
change is expected to arrive in next year's iPhone model. Next year would also
mark the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone. Rumours suggest the 2017
iPhone to feature an edge-to-edge OLED display along with a fingerprint sensor
built over the display. The Home button is said to be completely removed, said
industry sources to the journal. It has also been revealed that one of the
features such as curved screens aren't ready for this year's iPhone model.
However, Apple CEO Tim Cook last month in an interview to CNBC said there is
"great innovation" in the pipeline for the upcoming iPhone devices. "We are
going to give you things that you can't live without that you just don't know
you need today," he said.The industry sources in the report add that Apple's
head of design Jony Ive's desire has been to shrink an iPhone to a single sheet
of glass. The 2017 iPhone design ideas are supposed to move the smartphones in
the same direction.Confirming previous rumours, the report also says that iPhone
7 models will be ditching the 3.5mm headphone jack completely. Users would have
to settle for a lightning connector port, which will also be used to charge the
device. This might not be a welcome change for users as they would either be
able to listen to music or charge their handsets. Doing both simultaneously may
not be possible. Nonetheless, the absence of the 3.5mm headphone jack may result
in a thinner iPhone. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has predicted the
iPhone 7 will be 1mm thinner than the previous model.A separate report by the
Macotara website says that the Cupertino-based tech firm is planning to add a
Navy Blue colour variant in the iPhone lineup. Some concept images have also
been posted on social media websites. In addition, Apple might remove the Space
Gray colour from the series as well. The firm brought Rose Gold colour variant
along with the iPhone 6s.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 3, 2016 Saturday 1:23 PM GMT

iPhone 7 expected to launch at media event later today;
APPLE are gearing up to launch the new iPhone 7 today.

BYLINE: By Record Reporter

SECTION: NEWS,SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 602 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event in San Francisco.

The company are expected to launch the new iPhone 7 during the event, which will
take place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium later today.

The invite released gives very little away, simply stating "See you on the 7th".

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

Samsung to issue global recall of Galaxy Note 7 phones on day it was due to be
released in the UK after batteries catch fire

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

Facebook's first satellite worth $200m DESTROYED in SpaceX test rocket explosion

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

SpaceX Falcon 9 explosion was "catastrophic abort" as aftermath video shows
plumes of smoke across Cape Canaveral

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

4 reasons to buy new iPhone 7;
New models might not look too different from before, but internally they've
received big upgrade.;
IPHONE

BYLINE: By Jim Rossman

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 257 words


Apple CEO Tim Cook discusses the iPhone 7 during an Apple media event Sept. 7 in
San Francisco.

iPhone users know September is new iPhone month, and the iPhone 7 was revealed.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus look familiar, but the internals received a big upgrade,
including more storage.

Clumsy users will also be happy Apple made the new phones water-resistant, but a
lot of users are still coming to grips with the removal of the headphone jack in
favor of Bluetooth.

So why should consumers pick up the new iPhone 7? Here are four reasons:

1. Water resistance: Everyone knows someone who has dropped his or her phone
into a pool or even the toilet (Hi, Mom). Apple has finally followed Samsung by
making the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus water- and dust-resistant.

2. Dual lens camera on iPhone 7 Plus: Apple will reward buyers of its largest
and most expensive handset with a dual-lens camera system that boasts a 2x
optical zoom and 10x digital zoom with optical image stabilization and the
ability to capture RAW images.

3. More storage, same price: Apple has finally killed the 16-gigabyte phone. The
entry-level iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have 32 GB of storage, and the top end has been
bumped to 256 GB, which is more than a lot of laptops. Prices start at $650,
same as last year's 6S.

4. Black and blacker: Apple has eliminated Space Gray in favor of black (a matte
black) and Jet Black (a shiny black). In fact, the Jet Black only comes in 128
GB and 256 GB configurations.

Jim Oossman writes for Rhe Dallas Morning News. He may be reached at
jrossman@dallasnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Phoning it iN Robust iPhone 7 orders, with discounts

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 574 words


What's the best feature of the new iPhone? For many, it's the fact that it's
free.

While tech reviewers kvetch over the iPhone 7's missing headphone jack and
middling performance gains, orders for the new gadget are getting goosed by US
wireless carriers who have brought back a slew of aggressive subsidies.

Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile are all offering promos that allow customers
to get iPhone 7s free of charge - typically by trading in their iPhone 6 and 6s
models and committing to two-year contracts.

That stands in contrast to the past couple of years, in which carriers have
tried to hawk the phones at full price - either by charging in monthly
installments or demanding upward of $650 up front.

The result of the backpedaling, T-Mobile and Sprint say, is that iPhone 7 demand
was up fourfold from previous records. Verizon and AT&T also reported increased
orders out of the gate.

"Free is the new cheap," says Jonathan Chaplin, a managing partner at New Street
Research.

Indeed, analysts say this year's deals signal that carriers have gone back to
doing what they hated most: footing the bill for the iPhone as they mount
another bruising battle for market share.

"We estimate the carriers are losing (about) $300 per iPhone under the trade-in
promos," UBS analyst John Hodulik said in a Wednesday research note.

Still, New Street's Chaplin notes that last year, Sprint and T-Mobile also had
dangled deals that effectively allowed customers to purchase the iPhone 6s for
as little as $1 and $5 a month, respectively.

The fact that sales at the nation's No. 3 and No. 4 carriers are up so
dramatically this year demonstrates the other key driver for the iPhone 7: It
has arrived at the end of a two-year iPhone cycle.

"If you got an iPhone two years ago. it's reached the end of its life," Chaplin
said. "If you look at people carrying around the [iPhone] 6, the screens are all
cracked, they don't charge very well, they're running slower and slower, and
it's a 16-gig device."

This year, the iPhone 7 has likewise gotten a boost from woes at Samsung, whose
new Galaxy Note 7 is being recalled after catching fire and exploding in users'
hands.

While Samsung scrambles to contain the damage, Sprint is offering the iPhone 7
in exchange for the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. Verizon, meanwhile, is doling
out $300 credits toward iPhone 7s for trade-ins of the Galaxy 6s models, and as
much as $200 for Galaxy S5s and $100 for Galaxy S4 models.

Bullish commentary from wireless carriers this week has sent Apple shares
soaring. Last week, the stock took a beating as the iPhone 7's unveiling drew
yawns and Apple announced it would no longer report opening-weekend iPhone
sales.

On Wednesday, Apple shares added 3.5 percent to close at $111.83. That capped a
rally of 8 percent this week that has brought Apple's market capitalization to
$602 billion, its highest level in nine months.

Stay back!

Strong pre-sales of the iPhone 7 have allowed Apple CEO Tim Cook to fend off the
Wall Street bears - but the strong consumer interest is sparked in part by
carrier subsidies, including:

n Free iPhone 7s when trading in an iPhone 6 or 6s *

n A $400 credit when trading in an iPhone 5 and 5s**

n A credit of $100 to $650 for trade-ins of Samsung and other Android phones***

* Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile

** Verizon and T-Mobile

*** Verizon and Sprint

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tim Cook taming a bear. [Post photo composite]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Omantel begins pre-registration for iPhone 7 in Oman

LENGTH: 340 words


by REJIMON.K / reji@timesofoman.com Omantel has started pre-registration for
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus through its online portal.


Muscat: Omantel has started pre-registration for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
through its online portal.

The telecom provider is offering 32GB, 128GB and 256 GB models of iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus in black, jet black, silver, gold and rose gold colours.



The telecom service provider has sent SMS to its customers for per-registration
of the iPhones.

Apple unveiled its new water-resistant iPhone 7 with high-resolution dual-lens
cameras at its fall product event on September 7 and said a Super Mario game was
coming to the new phone and Pokemon Go would feature on its upgraded Apple
Watch.

However, Apple fans in the country have reported mixed reactions to the launch
of the iPhone7, even as they anticipate the product's official launch in Oman.

Despite the phone not being officially launched in the country, Apple product
admirers in Oman rushed to stores on the first day of the release to buy the
latest handset.

Some were able to buy it because of availability in the grey market, however,
many chose to purchase it from the official Apple store in the United Arab
Emirates (UAE) or elsewhere abroad in case they were travelling.

As the phone has not been officially launched in the country, prices vary from
one store to another.

An Apple fan had told the Times of Oman that although he has not purchased the
phone yet; he intends to buy it from Dubai as prices in Oman are much higher, "I
got a quote for OMR500 from a store in Qurum for the iPhone7 with a 256GB
memory, which I can buy for AED3,399 or OMR356 from the official Apple store in
Dubai."

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are splash, water, and dust resistant and were tested
under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP67 under IEC standard
60529.

Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016

http://imgs.syndigate.info/42/89/95/147566918960.jpg

Omantel has started pre-registration for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus through its
online portal.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2016 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics;
If you like snapping photos on nights out, this feature could make the iPhone 7
a lot more appealing

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 501 words


New iPhone 7 details have emerged just days before Apple's big event in San
Francisco on September 7, where the company is widely expected to unveil its
next flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by  AppleInsider  ,  also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics;
If you like snapping photos on nights out, this feature could make the iPhone 7
a lot more attractive

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 501 words


New iPhone 7 details have emerged just days before Apple's big event in San
Francisco on September 7, where the company is widely expected to unveil its
next flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by  AppleInsider  ,  also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7 last-minute leak claims Apple's new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics;
If you like snapping photos on nights out, this feature could make the iPhone 7
a lot more appealing

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 501 words


New iPhone 7 details have emerged just days before Apple's big event in San
Francisco on September 7, where the company is widely expected to unveil its
next flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by  AppleInsider  ,  also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 4, 2016 Sunday 11:29 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Last-minute analyst note claims new iPhone will come in five colours
and include one killer feature for photo fanatics;
If you like snapping photos on nights out, this feature could make the iPhone 7
a lot more attractive

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 501 words


New iPhone 7 details have emerged just days before Apple's big event in San
Francisco on September 7, where the company is widely expected to unveil its
next flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by  AppleInsider  ,  also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 10:45 AM GMT

iPhone 7 probably won't have a headphone socket but don't panic - Beats has a
solution;
Beats could be planning to unveil some new headphones at Apple's iPhone launch
event today

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 354 words


The iPhone 7 launch event is finally here, and it's now looking almost certain
that the new phone will come without a headphone socket .

But don't panic! It's very unlikely that Apple will let you go without access to
music - particularly given the growth of its highly lucrative streaming service,
Apple Music .

There's already a huge amount of speculation about what headphones Apple will
bundle with the iPhone 7 - ranging from wireless "AirPods" to EarPods that use a
Lightning port connector.

There's even some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will come with a
Lightning-to-headphone-jack adapter in the box.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

However, don't forget that Apple now owns headphone maker Beats Electronics,
after buying the company for $3 billion in 2014.

The latest rumour suggests that Beats may be providing the solution to iPhone
users' woes.

iPhone 7 could give Apple fans one very big reason to upgrade

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

iPhone 7 Plus leaked video appears to confirm dual lens camera and NO headphone
jack

The question is, will other headphone makers be forced to release special models
with a lightning connection too? While an adaptor may provide a temporary
solution, many have pointed out it could easily be lost.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhone 7 costing more to make

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEK;NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 207 words


APPLE is spending more to manufacture its iPhone 7 smartphone than predecessor
iPhone 6S due to features such as a bigger battery and larger storage capacity,
according to analysis by IHS Markit.

Including $5 ((EURO)4.49) in basic manufacturing costs, total cost to
manufacture the iPhone 7 mobile rises to $224.80 ((EURO)201), $36.89 higher than
the business research provider's estimates the iPhone 6S.

Apple retails an unsubsidised 32GB iPhone 7 at $649.

The company unveiled the iPhone 7 with high-resolution cameras and no headphone
jack at its annual launch on September 7. IHS Markit also said the iPhone 7's
Bill Of Materials (BOM), a financial estimate of the raw materials used, was "in
line" with flagship smartphones made by rival Samsung but Apple ekes out better
margins.

an "All other things being equal, Apple still makes more margin from hardware
than Samsung, but materials costs are higher than in the past," said Andrew
Rassweiler, senior director of cost benchmarking services at IHS Markit. IHS
Markit has not yet performed a teardown analysis on the larger iPhone 7 Plus.

for Supplies of Apple's iPhone 7 Plus have been exhausted in all shades, and the
smaller iPhone 7 has also sold out in the new jet black colour. (Reuters)

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                  APM Edition

Local telcos see healthy interest for iPhone 7

BYLINE: Alison Jenner

SECTION: HNP; Business; Singapore; Technology; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 506 words


SINGAPORE - Singtel, StarHub and M1 said yesterday they have seen healthy
interest from customers pre-registering for the new Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus,
even as the removal of the headphone jack and the introduction of new wireless
headphones called AirPods stirred controversy among many fans.

Singtel was the first to open pre-registration at noon yesterday, followed by M1
and StarHub several hours later. All three telcos will be selling the new iPhone
7 and 7 Plus from Sept 16. Customers can also pre-order no-contract phones from
www.apple.com/sg from 3.01pm today. The iPhone 7 is priced at S$1,048.00 while
the iPhone 7 Plus is S$1,248.00. The phones will come in new colours, including
a shiny jet-black and matte black, in addition to the existing options of
silver, gold and rose gold.

Apple early yesterday morning unveiled the two new iPhones at a two-hour
conference in San Francisco.

The iPhone 7 comes in the same two forms - a 4.7-inch screen and a 5.5-inch Plus
option - that the iPhone has had since 2014, but several changes have been made.
These include water and dust resistance, and a major upgrade to its camera with
a dual-lens system on the iPhone 7 Plus that allows for improved long-range
photos. It also has an enhanced home button that lets users perform different
tasks depending on how hard they press it.

But the change that has upset some fans is the removal of the headphone jack - a
port that has been a fixture in consumer electronics for decades. Instead, the
iPhone 7 will be bundled with headphones that connect to the phone via the
Lightning charging connector.

Apple will sell optional US$159 (S$215) AirPods - wireless headphones that
include a microphone for hands-free calls. This update however, has been cause
for controversy, with a review in The Guardian likening the AirPods to a tampon
without a string.

"I won't be getting the new phone. The new wireless AirPods look very ugly ...
And, externally, there's no significant change from the iPhone 6," said Mr
Roland Tan, 43, who has an iPhone 6 Plus, with StarHub as his carrier.

On the other hand, there are customers such as Mr Danny Ho, 40, who are
attracted to the new iPhone. "I'm going to get the phone because of the new
features like the wireless earbuds and the new jet-black colour," he said. "I
won't be placing a pre-order, though. I'll wait a while first as normally the
first batch will have some problems. The second batch will be better as Apple
will troubleshoot and correct any issues." Mr Ho currently owns an iPhone 6s,
with Singtel as his carrier.

There will also be many who will stick with the iPhone, if for no other reason
than to avoid having to move their songs, movies and pictures off Apple devices
and embracing a fragmented Android apps marketplace.

Ms Nancy Chan, 36, simply wants a sturdy mobile phone. "I will be getting the
new iPhone, mainly because it's water resistant. I dropped my iPhone 6 in the
toilet and had to spend a lot of money to fix it," said Ms Chan, who has M1 as
her carrier. WITH AGENCIES

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple's move to remove headphone jack from iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus draws
mixed reactions;
Apple's move to dump long-standing headphone connector in iPhone7 gets some
jeering, others cheering

BYLINE: Trevor Tan In San Francisco

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 636 words


In what it called a move that took "courage", Apple said it was ditching the
140-year-old headphone jack technology in its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
handsets.

While many fans in Singapore lamented the loss of the jack and others mocked the
iPhone maker's "bravery", technology observers said consumers would eventually
come to terms with the change.

The new phones, announced yesterday morning (Singapore time), will be available
here for pre-order today and up for sale next Friday.

Yesterday, the three local telcos - Singtel, StarHub and M1 - said they received
"strong" and "healthy" interest in the handsets, after they allowed customers to
register their interest in the iPhones online.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 starts from $1,048 here, while the larger 5.5-inch 7 Plus
starts from $1,248.

The same size as last year's iPhones, the new handsets add dust- and
water-resistance, and use the faster A10 Fusion processor. The iPhone 7 Plus has
dual cameras for optical zoom too. But what drew the most attention was
ostensibly the lack of a headphone jack. In its place is Apple's proprietary
Lightning port for audio output.

VIDEO

Deputy Tech Editor Trevor Tan shows you the new features of iPhone 7 Plus.
http://str.sg/newiphone7

Apple has a history of abandoning old technologies, such as floppy disk drives
and even its own mobile gadgets' 30-pin connector, whenever it deems fit.

During a presentation in San Francisco, Apple vice-president of worldwide
marketing Phil Schiller pointed to "the courage to move on and do something new
that betters all of us" for going jack-less.

That statement sparked furious reactions and mocking on Twitter. Mr Zack
Whittaker of technology news site ZDnet tweeted: "Remove the headphone jack for
water resistance and better battery? Fine! Don't fluff around by calling it
'courage'."

Even so, Apple was arguably not courageous enough, as it will include with each
iPhone 7 or 7 Plus a Lightning-to-3.5mm-headphonejack adapter. The adapter can
be bought separately for $14 as well.

Each phone will also come with a pair of earphones that connect through wires to
the iPhone's Lightning port. Consumers can opt for wireless headphones too,
including those Apple launched yesterday.

Fans here, like bank executive George Gong, 32, thought Apple was arrogant in
ditching the jack and are reconsidering buying the iPhone 7. "I frequently use
my headphones for music, phone calls and more. Imagine if I forgot to bring the
adapter," said Mr Gong.

Still, mobile product manager Derrick Ho, 32, is very tempted to replace his
iPhone 6 with the new handset. "I need to muster the courage (to upgrade)," he
said.

Analysts said Apple's move has benefits. Ms Karissa Chua, consumer electronics
analyst at market research firm Euromonitor Internet, said the headphone jack
was removed so that it is easier to waterproof the gadget and to make way for
future hardware innovation.

Others like Ms Julie Ask, vice-president and principal analyst at research firm
Forrester, did not think it was a problem linking headphones wirelessly to the
new iPhones. "It's an engineering decision that's meant to benefit the
consumer."

Mr Clement Teo, principal analyst at market research and consulting firm Ovum,
agreed a jack-less iPhone will likely be something people will start to accept
and realise as a good thing. "It's like how the touchscreen first became a part
of using a mobile device," said Mr Teo.

For senior software engineering manager Tang Weng Sing, 44, the missing jack
does not bother him. "In the long term, it may be a good move. (The jack) is a
very old technology that doesn't do much, given that it's taking up precious
(space in the phone)," he said.

· Additional reporting by Lester Hio

SEE BUSINESS: Nintendo banks on Mario for leap in shares

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's marketing head, Mr Schiller, introducing the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus, which uses the Lightning connector, instead of the 3.5mm headphone jack,
for audio output.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Cairns Edition

New camera really a Plus

BYLINE: RODNEY CHESTER REVIEW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 271  words


WITH a longer battery life, water and dust resistance and the fastest chip in a
smartphone, the iPhone 7 is the iPhone I've always wanted.

But not anymore because this is the year that Apple has prompted me to switch
camps.

Despite my long-held opposition to phablet-sized phones, the iPhone 7 Plus makes
an offer that can't be refused.

Undeniably the headline feature in the new iPhone is the camera and,
specifically, the main headline is the dual-lens camera on the iPhone 7 Plus. If
you buy the iPhone 7, you're going to be impressed with the 12-megapixel camera
with f/1.8 aperture and 5x digital zoom.

But if you buy an iPhone 7 then you are likely to be jealous of anyone who buys
the iPhone 7 Plus with two 12 megapixel cameras, a f/1.8 wide-angle (equivalent
to 28mm) and f/2.8 telephoto (equivalent to 56mm), and a 10x digital zoom. This
is a game changer when it comes to smartphone photography.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus has an IP67 rating, which means it is protected from
immersion in liquid to a depth of 1m for 30 minutes. If you happen to fall in
the pool, or spill a cuppa over your phone, this iPhone will survive. But don't
take it for a swim on purpose and keep it away from salt water.

Apple has made room for optical image stabilisation on the iPhone 7, a bigger
battery and stereo sound but has done so at the cost of the headphone jack. The
iPhone comes with headphones that connect through the Lightning Port and an
adaptor.

Belkin has also released a third-party adaptor.This is a phone that answers many
complaints of the past few years. That doesn't make it revolutionary, but it
does make a better smartphone.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                October 14, 2016

Apple Seen Riding iPhone 8 'Supercycle' Next Year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 347 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/CLICK02_aapl_101416_ap.jpg

Apple (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook should put on a helmet and leather jacket because his
company will be riding an iPhone "supercycle" next year thanks to the highly
anticipated iPhone 8 handset, says Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty.

"Our higher near-term iPhone estimates are largely priced into shares," Huberty
said in a research report Friday. "However, we're increasingly confident in the
upcoming iPhone supercycle driving meaningful estimate revisions and the stock
toward our $162 bull case."

Huberty rates Apple stock as overweight and has a base-case price target of 124,
up from 123 previously.

Apple stock rose 0.6% to 117.66 on the stock market today, climbing 3.2% for the
week.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple stock has an above-average IBD Composite Rating of 71.
Better-than-expected iPhone 7 sales are fueling share gains now, but the
company's next big catalyst isn't expected until late 2017 with the release of
the iPhone 8. For stocks with near-term potential catalysts, check out the
article "9 Top Stocks With Near-Term Catalysts: Morgan Stanley."

Huberty raised her estimates for Apple's calendar second-half 2016 because of
"better-than-expected iPhone 7 demand." The new handset's improved display,
better camera, longer battery life and water resistance are compelling enough to
attract Android switchers and iPhone refreshers, she said.

Also, the popularity of the premium iPhone 7 Plus, thanks to its dual-camera
system and users switching from Samsung's recalled Galaxy Note 7, should drive
average selling prices and profit margins higher, Huberty said.

While the iPhone 7 is doing well, the rumored iPhone 8 should do even better,
she said. That 10th-anniversary handset is expected to have a glass-case design
and OLED display.

IPhone 7 sales should help Apple's stock in the near term, "but the real
catalyst is the fiscal 2018 supercycle" from the iPhone 8, she said.

RELATED:

Teens Stoked About iPhone 7, But GoPro Is So Yesterday

Chipmaker TSMC's Q4 Guidance Points To Strong Apple iPhone 7 Sales

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Pre-book iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus on Flipkart

LENGTH: 132 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 29 -- E-tailer Flipkart on Wednesday announced it will open the
pre-booking of Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus from September 29.

iPhone 7 features breakthrough new camera systems, the best battery life ever in
an iPhone and water and dust resistance. The device also has a dual core
processor with GPU that is up to two times faster.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available for sale in India from October 7.

Coming in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black), iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models, starting at
Rs 60,000.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2016 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

New iPhone 7 ditches the headphone socket

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 432 words


The headphone socket has been a mainstay of portable music players since the
days of the Walkman, with its roots in the telephone exchanges of the late 19th
century.

However, its days could be numbered. Last night in San Francisco, Apple unveiled
the iPhone 7, the first iPhone without a headphone socket.

The 3.5mm socket has featured on every iPhone since Steve Jobs launched the
first one in 2007. Since then, Apple has sold more than one billion of the
smartphones.

When Apple does something radical, other companies tend to follow. Philip
Schiller, the Apple executive in charge of marketing, said that the company
decided to scrap the headphone jack because it had "the courage to move on".

The iPhone 7 is to be sold with EarPods, Apple's standard earphones, which will
now connect to the device through its charging port. Apple AirPods, the
company's new noise-cancelling wireless earphones, will be sold separately, for
£159. They last for five hours on a single charge and can be recharged in their
carrying case. Apple will, however, appease the Luddites by including an adapter
that plugs in to the iPhone 7's charging port to create a standard 3.5mm
headphone socket.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7in screen, and the iPhone 7 Plus, with a 5.5in screen,
will be available in the UK from September 16. The cheapest model will cost
£599. The new smartphones look like sleeker versions of their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. They come in black, silver, gold and rose gold, as
well as a new high-gloss jet black finish. Sir Jony Ive, chief design officer,
said that the new phones represented "the most deliberate evolution of our
founding design". The 12-megapixel camera on the iPhone 7 Plus has a wide-angle
lens and a telephoto lens. The single camera on the iPhone 7 features an optical
image stabiliser to prevent blurring from shaking hands and a high-speed sensor
for taking action shots, a lens that lets in 50 per cent more light and a more
powerful flash.

In addition, the new models feature longer battery life, louder speakers, faster
processors and graphics chips and both will be water resistant.

Both the iPhone 7 devices come with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB of storage, the latter
being double the amount of storage available in the original iPhone 6 series.

Key features AirPods Headphone jack scrapped; wireless headphones are sold
separately for £159.

Dual-lens camera Images are stitched together to create a photograph nearing the
quality of a professional SLR camera.

Battery life Two hours longer than iPhone 6.

Extra storage Cheapest iPhone 7 comes with 32GB storage.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

New iPhone 7 ditches the headphone socket

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 432 words


The headphone socket has been a mainstay of portable music players since the
days of the Walkman , with its roots in the telephone exchanges of the late 19th
century.

However, its days could be numbered. Last night in San Francisco, Apple unveiled
the iPhone 7, the first iPhone without a headphone socket.

The 3.5mm socket has featured on every iPhone since Steve Jobs launched the
first one in 2007. Since then, Apple has sold more than 1 billion of the
smartphones.

When Apple does something radical, other companies tend to follow. Philip
Schiller, the Apple executive in charge of marketing, said that the company
decided to scrap the headphone jack because it had "the courage to move on".

The iPhone 7 is to be sold with EarPods, Apple's standard earphones, which will
now connect to the device through its charging port. Apple AirPods, the
company's new noise-cancelling wireless earphones, will be sold separately, for
£159. They last for five hours on a single charge and can be recharged in their
carrying case. Apple will, however, appease the Luddites by including an adapter
that plugs in to the iPhone 7's charging port to create a standard 3.5mm
headphone socket.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7in screen, and the iPhone 7 Plus, with a 5.5in screen,
will be available in the UK from September 16. The cheapest model will cost
£599. The new smartphones look like sleeker versions of their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. They come in black, silver, gold and rose gold, as
well as a new high-gloss jet black finish. Sir Jony Ive, chief design officer,
said that the new phones represented "the most deliberate evolution of our
founding design". The 12-megapixel camera on the iPhone 7 Plus has a wide-angle
lens and a telephoto lens. The single camera on the iPhone 7 features an optical
image stabiliser to prevent blurring from shaking hands and a high-speed sensor
for taking action shots, a lens that lets in 50 per cent more light and a more
powerful flash.

In addition, the new models feature longer battery life, louder speakers, faster
processors and graphics chips and both will be water resistant.

Both the iPhone 7 devices come with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB of storage, the latter
being double the amount of storage available in the original iPhone 6 series.

Key features AirPods Headphone jack scrapped; wireless headphones are sold
separately for £159.

Dual-lens camera Images are stitched together to create a photograph nearing the
quality of a professional SLR camera.

Battery life Two hours longer than iPhone 6.

Extra storage Cheapest iPhone 7 comes with 32GB storage.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:54 PM GMT

Apple accidentally reveals iPhone 7 on Twitter minutes before official launch;
The company tweeted two videos, one showing water splashing onto the new device
and one showing the device spinning round, revealing dual stereo speakers and NO
headphone jack

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 395 words


Apple has accidentally leaked the iPhone 7 on its new Twitter account, just
minutes before the event kicked off in San Francisco.

The company tweeted two videos, one showing water splashing onto the new device
and one showing the device rotating slowly, revealing dual stereo speakers and
NO headphone jack.

The tweets were quickly deleted but appeared to show that the iPhone 7 will be
waterproof and have stereo speakers rather than an iPhone socket - confirming
two of the biggest rumours ahead of the launch.

Apple has live blogged its own events in the past, with pictures and text
appearing below the live stream on its website.

However, the company has always steered clear of social networks as a general
rule.

Apple broke with tradition earlier this year and launched a customer support
account on Twitter, offering "tips and tutorials" on Apple products.

Amazon also accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one hour
before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

Amazon has just accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one
hour before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras. The phone will reportedly have four LED
flash lights - two in cool colours, and two in warm colours - and an ambient
light sensor.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:31 PM GMT

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8;
With such small changes predicted from Apple's next iPhone, analysts say users
should wait another year before upgrading

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 441 words


Tonight, Tim Cook will step on stage at a keynote event in San Francisco and
announce Apple's next smartphone, the iPhone 7 .

In the past few months, we've seen hundreds of rumours and leaks scattered all
over the web, with many suggesting that Apple will keep the design of its next
generation iPhone very similar to that of the iPhone 6S.

But why would Apple not want to give fans something new? This could all be down
to timing.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

Since 2017 will mark the tenth anniversary of the iPhone , experts have
predicted that Apple has been holding back some of its most groundbreaking
features for next year's model - which many expect to be called the iPhone 8 .

As a result, many are suggesting that users hold off on buying the iPhone 7, and
wait another year before splashing out on a Apple handset, when updates are more
revolutionary.

Analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research thinks the limited changes in design will
allow bigger changes in a future announcement.

"It looks like part of the reason they are keeping the design the same this year
is there are bigger changes they are working on for next year,"Dawson said.

Speaking to The Ringer , Chetan Sharma, a mobile analyst and CEO of Chetan
Sharma Consulting, said: "If it's just more memory and a slightly better camera,
then there's less motivation [to upgrade].

When is iOS 10 coming out? UK release date, features and how to download

"This year might just be a small bump in terms of the upgrade cycle. That's why
a number of consumer technology sites are advising users to hold off on
upgrading until the next year's version, the iPhone 8."

We've rounded up all the latest rumours and leak in our iPhone 8 rumours article
, so if the iPhone 7 turns out to be a damp squib, you'll know what the next
year's update has in store.

But doesn't Apple's update cycle usually mean the iPhone changes in design every
two years, not one?

Well, usually, based on Apple's well-established "tick-tock" cycle, and assuming
this year's handset is called the iPhone 7, the 2017 model would be called the
iPhone 7s.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The tick-tock cycle refers to Apple releasing a new design every two years, and
new features within the same casing on alternate years.

However, rumour has it that Apple is moving to a three-year cycle on major
iPhone refreshes.

This, combined with the fact that next year is the tenth anniversary of the
iPhone, suggests that Apple's 2017 model will be a fairly major upgrade, and
therefore d called the iPhone 8.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 29, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Now Pre-book your iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus here

LENGTH: 96  words


E-tailer Flipkart on Wednesday announced it will open the pre-booking of Apple
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus from September 29.

iPhone 7 features breakthrough new camera systems, the best battery life ever in
an iPhone and water and dust resistance. The device also has a dual core
processor with GPU that is up to two times faster.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available for sale in India from October 7.

Coming in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black), iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models, starting at
Rs 60,000.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 546 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 546 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Why is iPhone 7 held up

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, May 18 -- Apple is expected to launch a next-gen 4.7-inch "iPhone 7"
this September, within its usual timeframe. The previous iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s
design will be changed, as Apple is believed to be planning an all-new chassis
that will eliminate the camera "bump," as well as visible antenna bands. Expect
a faster processor, better camera, and potentially the elimination of the 3.5mm
headphone jack, requiring either Lightning or Bluetooth headphones.

Appearance & Design

Early reports suggest Apple's next-gen iPhone will be even thinner than current
models, potentially between 6.0 to 6.5mm thick. The slimmed down chassis is also
expected to boast a revamped design. Some rumors claim iPhone 7 will move away
from an all-metal construction to a new as-yet-unknown material, possibly
ceramic. Other rumblings point to a completely flat screen that does away with
curved edges found on iPhone 6s.

The phone may or may not be fully waterproof, which would be an evolution from
the iPhone 6s, which is only partially water-resistant. If the headphone jack
does disappear, it may be replaced with a second speaker. Recent schematic
"leaks" suggest Apple might delete the 3.5mm headphone jack on the "iPhone 7
Plus," while keeping it intact on the smaller 4.7-inch version.

Some case leaks have suggested the possibility of a Smart Connector and/or a
design without a home button. The iPad Pro can recharge through its Smart
Connector, so it's possible the addition of the

magnetic port to the iPhone 7 could allow new ways to dock or use an external
battery case without needing to rely on the Lightning port. Smart Connector
charging could also allow

users to listen to audio through the Lightning port while repowering the
battery.

Apple is thought to be preparing the usual two-model offering for 2016, likely
sticking with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes. There are strong rumors that a
4-inch iPhone will make an appearance, but similar rumors have circulated ever
since Apple moved to a larger format with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Internals

Due to its slimmer profile, iPhone 7 is expected to integrate existing 3D Touch
technology that detects pressure input via capacitive sensors embedded in the
handset's backlight array. Apple will likely introduce a new system-on-chip
design in 2016 which, if current naming conventions hold, should be dubbed A10.
An M10 motion coprocessor is also likely to make an appearance, potentially
embedded into the A-series SoC as with 2015's M9 design.

Apple reportedly tapped Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company to handle all
A10 processor orders, a change from iPhone 6s which saw its A9 dual-sourced from
TSMC and Samsung. The iPhone 7 and/or the 7 Plus may potentially be equipped
with a dual-lens camera, using two 12-megapixel sensors -- the second supporting
a 2-3x telephoto lens. Supply issues could theoretically limit the dual-lens
feature to a special model of the Plus, although one case leak suggests that the
standard iPhone 7 might at least have a very different camera design.

No hard evidence exists regarding Apple's iPhone 7 launch plans, but the company
traditionally debuts its smartphone in early September with sales following one
week later. With iPhone 6s, however, preorders went live two weeks prior to
shipments.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Here's more proof that iPhone 7 will come with 256GB of internal storage

LENGTH: 395  words


By tbreak Staff -

Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus came with 128GB as their maximum internal
storage and it looks like iPhone 7 is going to sport 256GB of internal memory
thanks to the latest news that we just covered not long ago.

Samsung, one of the industry's leading memory chip manufacturers announced that
it will start to mass produce 256GB UFS 2.0 memory chips for next-gen
smartphones. When we hear the term next-gen, it is obvious that the only devices
that can surpass iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, is iPhone 7 and of course its
larger brother, iPhone 7 Plus.

This will definitely be seen as a very smart move on Apple's part, seeing as how
the globe is transitioning to carrying a ton of content in their mobile devices
for later viewing, not to mention that 4K content does not exactly go gentle on
your storage. However, while we say this, what is going to happen to the
previous storage models? Are 16GB models going to be cut out of the equation
completely, or is there still room for their existence.

If you ask us, 16GB is already too low to be present in advanced mobile
computing products and since the OS and file system each a small chunk of it,
you have to work around with that limitation.

While 16GB might be completely fine for a small percentage of consumers, a
flagship phone with such minuscule amount of internal memory should definitely
be considered a joke. While we wait in anticipation of iPhone 7 Plus, what about
its 4.7 inch sized iPhone 7? Will it feature the same maximum internal storage
capacity or does Apple have different plans for it.

Due to the sheer size differences, not to mention Apple's affinity in keeping
its mobile products as thin as possible, we should expect the battery capacity
of iPhone 7 Plus to be considerably larger than iPhone 7, but we will definitely
keep you in the loop of what is to come in the foreseeable future.

For now, we definitely cannot wait to see how the larger of the upcoming iPhones
is going to perform. We have also reviewed Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
to see how well they fare in our tests, so be sure to check those out while you
are reading this.

2016 is definitely going to be another great year for Apple fans.

Samsung

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/78/145655883547.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/94/145655883619.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/92/145655883638.png



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 2, 2016 Friday 8:03 AM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 545 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 545 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 545 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 545 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2, and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2.

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 chipset is going to be manufactured by only one company

LENGTH: 412  words


By tbreak Staff -

We have already reviewed Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus and we have tell
you that there is so much technology present in these devices, it makes us
wonder what is going to be present inside iPhone 7. Before we ponder over that
for a moment, let us take a look at the chipset manufacturing industry. Apple
previously appointed both TSMC and Samsung to mass produce the company's A9
chipset which powers iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, but it looks like the tech
giant is going to be changing its stance on which company is going to mass
produce the next-generation SoC present inside iPhone 7, which is going to be
called A10.

It looks like the sole manufacturer of Apple A10 is going to be none other than
TSMC. TSMC has been battling it out against Samsung on who will be able to
produce the first successful yield of the 10nm FinFET process and it looks like
the Taiwanese semiconductor firm will be getting 100 percent of all orders from
Apple. The 10nm FinFET A10 will promise better performance, not to mention
better efficiency, which is something that we obviously expected with an
incoming smartphone. iPhone 7 is expected to be announced during the month of
September, and alongside it, we should expect its larger screen brother, iPhone
7 Plus.

iPhone 7 Plus has been rumored to sport a 3,100mAh and 256GB of internal
storage, so while the smaller iPhone might not be able to feature a larger
capacity due to its smaller form factor, we are hoping that Apple increases the
maximum amount of internal storage. This could also mean that we could be seeing
the end of the 16GB models, but do not count on Apple to make your dreams come
true this instantly. Also, we did read about how Apple added a layer of rubber
inside its current iPhones, meaning that iPhone 7 and its larger screen
counterpart could be completely waterproof up to a certain depth when submerged
in water.

Apple also filed a camera patent, suggesting that iPhone 7 could sport a
dual-camera setup. While all of these things sounds very exciting, we have to
keep in mind that we should not exceed our expectations of what to see from the
upcoming iPhone duo. As always, we will continue to keep you updated with the
latest updates regarding the upcoming iPhones, and during the month of
September, we should have the latest specification round-off for you guys.

Macrumors

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/26/145518887131.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/145518887194.png



LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 19, 2016 Sunday

iPhone 7 mass production has started at Pegatron factory

LENGTH: 331  words


The mass production of Apple's iPhone 7 has already started, but it seems that
iPhone 7 Plus is still nowhere in the picture right now

iPhone 7 is scheduled to be announced during the month of September, which is
going to be a whole month after the announcement of Galaxy Note 7. Since we
expect that Apple is going to be extremely time conscious with the announcement
date of its iPhone 7, mass production of the smartphone has already started at
the Pegatron factory. However, there is currently no word on the iPhone 7's
older brother, iPhone 7 Plus. iPhone 7 Plus is not going to be mass produced at
the Pegatron factory and is instead probably undergoing mass production at a
facility that we do not have any information to at the moment.

There have been major developments regarding an iPhone 7. One of the things that
we are looking forward to the most is the storage upgrade and larger battery
capacity. Apple's upcoming flagship iPhone is said to feature a maximum storage
capacity model of 256GB and will feature a battery capacity of 3,100mAh battery.
If the rumors are true, then it looks like Apple is getting real serious about
internal storage and battery capacity, and this might also mark the day when we
no longer see the 16GB storage option anymore.

Instead, the 16GB storage model could be replaced with the 32GB storage model,
while the 64GB model could be replaced with the 128GB model. In total, given
below are the storage models that we are expecting to be announced during the
month of September:

32GB
128GB
256GB

3D Touch is definitely going to be retained, but one of the most interesting
changes that can come from an iPhone 7 is the removal of the 3.5mm headphone
jack. With many manufacturers inclined to remove the old connector, it does
present a great deal of complications, especially when you have a whole family
of audio products that use this type of connector. Let us hope that Apple
provides us with a worthy upgrade during the month of September.

Source

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 16, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 5c to replace iPhone 5, price of 4S reduced by Rs 7000

LENGTH: 325  words


Now that Apple is going to launch the iPhone 5S and 5C in India on the 1st
November, we can expect the iPhone 5 to move out of the iPhone list.

Last year's marvel, the iPhone 5 will soon be taken off the list of phones Apple
will supply henceforth as the iPhone 5C comes to replace the iPhone 5. According
to a report in the Korean news portal ETNews earlier this year, Apple was
expected to stop the production of the iPhone 5 after the launch of an 'iPhone
Mini' this year.

Apple likely to discontinue iPhone 5? Apple announced that it will stop the
iPhone 5 production, making the iPhone 4S the base model.

The company launched the iPhone 5C as a colourful and plastic addition to the
iPhone ramge, with slight improvements. Along with this it launched the iPhone
5S with a 64-bit processor underneath. We can now expect the iPhone 5C to take
the place of iPhone 5 and the iPhone 4S to get a price cut as it takes the place
of the older iPhone.

Now the iPhone 4S has got a price cut, and is available for Rs 7000 less in the
market, as the base model. The phone can be purchased at Rs 31500 today. In Q2
this year Apple introduces a buyback scheme on the  iPhone 5making it more
affordable. It allowed a refund of up to Rs. 6000 ($111) if they are using an
American Express card on the purchase of an iPhone 4, 4S, or 5 before June 10.

Apple makes buying iPhone 5 easy in India, offers rebate

For those who are waiting for the iPhone 5C or iPhone 5S, the phone will be
launched on November 1 in India.

iPhone 5C, iPhone 5S to launch in India on 1 November, already available at Rs
5000 more

Read a review of the iPhone 5S here. Read a review of the iPhone 5C here.

10 competitors that can dare Apple iPhone 5S

In Pics: Apple iPhone 5S and 5C launch witnesses long queues

iPhone 5S review:  Is this worth $649?

Review: 7 things you won't like about Apple iPhone 5S

7 disappointing things about the Apple iOS 7

Unhappy with iOS 7? Here's how to downgrade to iOS 6

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2013 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

POWER OF 7

BYLINE: Izwan Ismail

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 787 words


The new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus step up the smartphone game, writes Izwan Ismail

THE most anticipated smartphones in the market this year, the iPhone 7/7 Plus is
here. While the new phones may look identical to the iPhone 6/6 Plus, they are
actually different in many aspects, especially in the camera and performance
areas.

APPEARANCE

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus come with a 4.7 and a 5.5-inch screen respectively, same as
their predecessors.

The Retina HD display is now up to 25 per cent brighter and comes with the
cinema standard wide colour gamut. As a result, users can see more vibrant
true-to-life colours on the display.

As you may have noticed, the new phones do not have the 35mm audio jack and
antenna line.

When you hold the phones and start to use them, you may also realise that the
home button is no longer clickable. It is now replaced with a haptic button.
Initially, it may feel awkward to press the newly-designed button but you will
soon get used to it.

Users can also personalise the haptic feel of the home button by adjusting it at
the setting menu.

According to Apple, the haptic button is to enable the phones to be
water-and-splash resistant with IPV6 rating.

This is not the only area where the Cuppertino-based company has improved on.

The function buttons on both sides have also been redesigned with water-sealed
construction to make the whole phone water resistant. They also feel more solid
and durable now.

BIG ON CAMERA

The caera aspect is definitely the biggest improvement in the iPhone 7 series.

As rumoured, Apple has incorporated dual camera this time but only in the iPhone
7 Plus. The iPhone 7 still features one lens but both phones' cameras now have
been upgraded to a 12-megapixel sensor. The dual camera on the 7 Plus offers
users optical zoom and better depth of field. For example, if you're on camera
mode, you'll see a small "1x" symbol just above the shutter icon. By pressing
the symbol, the camera will give you 2x optical zoom. You'll also be offered a
further 10x digital zoom capability by swiping your thumb to the left.

LOW LIGHT CAPABILITY

The ability to take good clean shots, especially in low light conditions, is
also possible with a bright f/1.8 aperture compared to the previous f/2.2. This
is definitely a good news to those who love to take pictures and videos in this
condition. Apple has also included an optical image stabilisation and a
six-element lens to make it even better for shooting photos and videos in low
light. Pictures taken in low light conditions prove to be excellent.

Additionally, the use of Quad-LED True Tone flash on the phone create a more
natural look of the skin and with wide colour capture, photos and live photos
come with more detailed colour.

iPhone 7 also features an all-new 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera for even better
selfies.

ADDITIONAL FEATURE

Another added bonus is the portrait feature, which is now available in Beta
version in iOS10.1 update. This feature enables users to separate the subject
and the background with bokeh, like those captured with a dSLR camera.

Although the camera capability of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is good, I still feel
that Apple should allow users to control its camera in manual mode, by giving
them the freedom to adjust the settings of the camera, such as the apperture
value. This will allow more creativity.

PERFORMANCE

The use of quad-core A10 Fusion chip is handy when running graphically intensive
applications like games.

The high-performance cores are up to 40 per cent faster than the A9 in iPhone 6s
and up to twice faster than the A8 in iPhone 6.

With all the features, many may think that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are
power-hungry devices.

However, that's not the case. With a full charge and normal daily usage like
social network access, surfing, taking pictures and video, I still have 50 per
cent battery life when I reach home from work. Basically, the battery can last
24 hours.

SOUND

The iPhone 7 comes with Apple EarPods, with a lightning connector since the 35mm
audio jack has been ditched. As for old headphones, you can still plug them in
using a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that comes with iPhone 7.

The iPhone 7 comes with stereo speakers, delivering two times the volume of
iPhone 6s and increased dynamic range.

Apple has also introduced AirPods as the wireless earphones. AirPods give users
the freedom that wireless headphones are meant to deliver.

CONCLUSION

Both phones come in three versions 32GB, 128GB and 256GB, with prices starting
from RM3,199 for iPhone 7 and RM3,799 for the 7 Plus.

There are five colours: Silver, gold, rose gold, black (new) and jet black
(new).

With all the features and new technologies, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are
definitely a good upgrade for Apple diehards.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                        June 7, 2015 Sunday 03:57 PM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Feeling left out at Apple WWDC, but design concepts cheer
us up

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 579  words


Click for image

The world of Apple prognosticators expect a Beats-infused streaming music
service, support for native Apple Watch apps and a first look at iOS 9 at this
week's Worldwide Developers' Conference. But iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 are expected
to gain nary a mention by Apple big shots at the annual San Francisco confab.

Sure, iOS advances in Version 9 will be directly applicable to iPhone users, but
who knows, Apple might be on to iOS 10 by the time its next iPhone surfaces.
Deviant Art

iPhone 7 design concept: Home button is nowhere to be seen

All of which can only mean one thing: We need design concepts to fill the void
in real iPhone scuttlebutt.

Accommodating us is Studiomonroe at the Deviant Art design site. A new iPhone 7
concept there pushes the screen out to thin metal edges and does away with the
home button.

"The idea of the concept was just that, reducing the phone's size without
reducing the screen," Studiomonroe writes.

That doesn't mean you'd need to keep your fingers off the device's screen
though: the haptics-happy Force Touch technology that Apple Watch users are
dabbling with would also come to the iPhone 7 under this scenario.

Separately, an iPhone 7 design concept video by Jermaine Smit published this
past week envisions a multi-talented home button and new camera positioning and
capabilities.

The other very intriguing design concept this week took us back to 1984, when
Apple introduced its second Macintosh, the 512K.Deviant Art

Pierre Cerveau, a Bangkok business development manager with engineering chops,
writes: "Ever wondered how Apple's flagship product would have looked if it had
been released 20 years before the first iPhone? Probably not... I've decided to
provide an answer anyways."

Nice rotary dial!

Apple vs. Samsung

No need for Apple and Samsung to talk trash about each other, as industry
watchers are happy to pit the two mobile vendors against each other.

Boy Genius Report, citing Chinese blog feng.com and its supply chain sources,
says Apple is readying Full HD and 2K displays for its next iPhones, which would
put them on par with the latest Android displays.

"Apple has never engaged in specs-matching wars with the competition when it
comes to the iPhone and has thus drawn some criticism for its hardware choices
regarding screen resolutions, camera megapixels, processor cores or the amount
of RAM it offers. But that's about to change this year..."

Meanwhile, Samsung is said to be prepping a bigger version of its Galaxy S6 Edge
phone to counter Apple's success in the phablet market with its 5.5-inch iPhone
6 Plus. Apple Insider, citing an Italian blog called HDblog.it, says a Galaxy S6
Plus could be revealed in matter of a few weeks that ups its curvy screen size
from 5.1 to 5.4 or 5.5 inches. A 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 5 could also be in the
works, according to the report.

Samsung needs to do something, according to Apple Insider: "Samsung had a
particularly rough 2014 after Apple launched its larger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, pushing operating profit to an all-time low."

iPhone 7 ETA

Just a quick dose of "when will the next iPhone come out?" speculation. Boy
Genius Report and others picked up on reports out of Asia that Apple is on the
verge or partnering with a company to make screens for a 4-inch phone, perhaps
the iPhone 7c, to go along with an iPhone 7 and iPhone 7S. And the c might not
necessarily denote plastiC, as in the iPhone 5c. The thinking is that these
phones will all debut next year.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:56 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Seven annoying things about Apple's latest handset;
Lack of headphone socket annoys Apple fans

BYLINE: By Josh Parry

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 647 words


Despite all the excitement for the iPhone 7 - there's plenty of people who
weren't quite so thrilled with some of its features.

With its waterproof casing, a fancy new camera and a few new colours, there's a
lot to love. But some of the developments (headphone socket, we're looking at
you) have left a bad taste in some people's mouths.

We've rounded up the seven most annoying things about the new iPhone - but
you'll probably still want to buy it anyway

No matter how you try and sell it to us - the lack of headphone socket on the
iPhone is going to be annoying for quite some time.

Apple has a history of innovation and forcing the market to change - and there's
no doubt that in a few years most phones won't have an analogue headphone jack.

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch

But in the meantime, early adopters will have to put up with the nuisance of
having to use lightning-only headphones.

And God help you if you then want to listen to something directly from your
laptop - you'll have to remember to bring your headphone adaptor. Which you'll
most definitely lose within a week.

Despite the fact you get a pair of lightning-connected headphones in the box -
Apple are hoping some of you have deep enough pockets to fork out £159 for what
can only be described as the world's most-easy-to-lose headphones.

The Bluetooth powered earbuds come with an equally miniscule charging box which
is just asking to be lost and never seen again.

The other major problem with the airpods is that they look almost like a pair of
hearing aids.

One of the rumours that circulated around the launch of the new iPhone 7 was
that a 'metallic blue' colour would be announced.

Images showed a beautiful blue handset that would be perfect for Everton fans -
or if you just like the colour blue.

Instead, we were only given two new colours - and one of them is super
expensive.

Two new colours launched for the iPhone 7 - 'black' which will be matte and 'jet
black' which will be glossy.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch - Everything we learned from San Francisco

But - before you get too excited - you should understand that you can only get
the jet black (the one EVERYONE will want) in the expensive 128gb and 256gb
models, not the standard 32gb.

That means you'll be stuck choosing from silver, space grey, gold, rose gold or
regular old black.

The back of the iPhone 7 looks slightly different to the iPhone 6s - but lets
face it, after forking out a few hundred quid on a phone, it will probably be in
a case anyway.

From the front it will be hard to tell the difference between the iPhone 7 and
the 6s, and when you're spending all that money, it would be quite nice to see a
major change.

One of the rumours that circulated was that the home button would be removed,
and built into the front of the phone similar to the Macbook Pro - but this
didn't surface.

Another rumour which came through was the iPhone 7's dual-camera... except Apple
has only installed it on the more expensive iPhone 7 plus.

Apple ordered to pay Ireland 13 billion euros after EU ruling on tax deal

The fancy camera technology will allow users to take photos with a deep
depth-of-field, meaning the subject is in sharp focus and the background has an
artistic blur - something you can only usually achieve with a DSLR.

However, those of you who don't want a phone the size of a tablet will be
disappointed as the feature won't be coming to the standard iPhone 7 model.
FAIL.

One of the biggest gripes iPhone users have is the battery.

While Apple has made some progress - claiming the iPhone 7's battery can last up
to two hours longer than the iPhone 6s, it means you'll probably still have to
bring a charger to work with you.

Even worse - if you shell out for the iPhone 7 plus, you only get an addition
one hour's battery life so it looks like you'll be stuck with your external
battery charging case for a while longer.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 set to be a disappointment and here is why!

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 27 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Every iPhone unveiled throughout the years have created a buzz like no other
smartphone in the world. But with never seen-before features on phones, why not
the buzz?


 However, according to reports and buzz surrounding the latest iPhone 7 which is
all set to see the light of the day in September, it could be a big
disappointment.
 But why?
 Well! 2017 being iPhone's tenth birthday, Apple is likely to keep the best of
features for the iPhone 8 which will be unveiled then.
 According to reports, Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst at KGI Securities who has been
called the "best Apple analyst on the planet" says that the iPhone 7 will not
have "many attractive selling points".
 Ming-Chi Kuo is known to have revealed or leaked many interesting and correct
features of iPhones.
 So, according to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will look very similar to the iPhone 6 and
6S while the main innovations could be wireless charging, a better camera,
longer battery life and the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack.
 According to reports, Kuo also predicts that the iPhone 7 Plus version will
have an even better camera, and that Apple could release a third "Pro" model
called the iPhone 7 DC, which will feature a dual-lens camera and a magnetic
smart connector.
 However, Kuo feels these changes won't be dramatic enough and that iPhone sales
will drop to between 190 and 205 million in 2016.
 So, are you exciting about the iPhone 7 anyway?

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Airtel offers Apple iPhone 7 for just Rs 19,990: Top 5 things to know;
Airtel is offering Apple iPhone 7 and Apple iPhone 7 Plus smartphones to
customers on contract basis at a minimum down payment of Rs 19,990 and Rs
30,792, respectively. The post Airtel offers Apple iPhone 7 for just Rs 19,990:
Top 5 things to know appe...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 259  words


Airtel is offering Apple iPhone 7 and Apple iPhone 7 Plus smartphones to
customers on contract basis at a minimum down payment of Rs 19,990 and Rs
30,792, respectively.

Airtel is offering Apple iPhone 7 and Apple iPhone 7 Plus smartphones to
customers on contract basis at a minimum down payment of Rs 19,990 and Rs
30,792, respectively. Under this offer, Airtel will be providing unlimited local
and STD calls, free roaming, and free data (5GB, 10GB or 15GB, as per the plan
you choose) under a new postpaid plan. Here are top 5 things to know about the
Airtel new offer:

1. Consumers will have to pay Rs 19,900 as down payment to buy Apple iPhone 7
and then choose-Rs 1,999 or Rs 2,499 or Rs 2,999 plan for 12 months- to avail
annual data benefits of 60GB, 120GB and 180GB respectively.

2. The plans available on offer are Rs 1,999 per month for 5GB of 3G/4G data, Rs
2,499 per month for 10GB of 3G/4G data and Rs 2,999 per month for 15GB of 3G/4G
data. The postpaid plan includes unlimited local and STD calling along with
roaming.

3. Users can either return the iPhone 7 to Airtel to upgrade to the next iPhone
after the validity of 12 months expires, or opt for a lump sum payment to buy it
completely. Though Airtel will only take back the iPhone 7 after 12 months if
the physical condition of the device meets its listed criteria.

4. Users will have to avail the loan offer from Bajaj Finance. The bundle plan
is valid only for retail and Company Owned Individual Paid (COIP) customers.

5. Airtel offer is available only to customers in Noida and Karnataka.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 520 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
recreate with a phone camera, adding fuel to the rumour that the iPhone 7 will
feature a dual-lens camera.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

We'll be following all the build-up to the iPhone 7 launch, and the event itself
on Mirror Online, so stay tuned.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 29, 2016 Monday 6:51 PM GMT

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED - Apple to unveil its new smartphone next week;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 520 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
recreate with a phone camera, adding fuel to the rumour that the iPhone 7 will
feature a dual-lens camera.

However, these dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if
Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket.

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that it the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof. Smartphone rivals
like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point
for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Earlier rumours suggested that the new handset will no longer come in a 16GB
model - but that the top-of-the-range iPhone will now offer 256GB of storage.

It's also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will
get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7, suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

We'll be following all the build-up to the iPhone 7 launch, and the event itself
on Mirror Online, so stay tuned.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

These might be the prices of iPhone 7, 7 Plus and 7 Pro

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 245 words


NEW DELHI: Apple will be reportedly launching three variants of its upcoming
iPhone - iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro. While the iPhone 7 will
likely feature a 4.7-inch display, both the Plus and Pro variants are expected
to have 5.5-inch displays. The displays might see a bump in resolution and will
most probably have 3D Touch support.And the prices of the devices have been
reportedly leaked as well, thanks to a post on Chinese social networking website
Weibo . The base 32GB version of iPhone7 is rumoured to be priced at CNY 5288,
while the 64GB and 256GB versions will likely cost CNY 6088 and CNY 7088
respectively in China.

These prices roughly translate to Rs 53,000, Rs 61,000 and Rs 71,000
respectively.On the other hand, the iPhone7 Plus 32GB version is rumoured to be
priced at CNY 6088 or around Rs 61,000. As for the 128GB and 256GB versions,
they'll likely be priced at CNY 6888 (Rs 69,000) and CNY 7888 (Rs 79,000)
respectively.Lastly, the rumoured iPhone7 Pro with 32GB storage might cost CNY
7088 (Rs 71,000). The 128GB and 256GB versions will likely be priced at Rs
79,000 and Rs 89,000 respectively.The next line-up of iPhones will be powered by
Apple's A10 processor. While the iPhone 7 is expected to come with 2GB RAM,
Apple might offer as much as 4GB RAM in the bigger iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7
Pro variants. Also, both Plus and Pro will be powered by the same CPU but with
increased clock speeds.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       March 20, 2016 Sunday 02:01 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: "confirmed" design; Terminator time; and storage boost

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 452  words


Click for image

There's sure to be much magic at Apple's March 21 spectacular, but let's not
allow the possible introduction of a 5-inch iPhone 5se or mini iPad Pro to stop
the speculation over what comes AFTER that with the iPhone 7 and its various
iterations.

CONFIRMED FIRST LOOK AT iPHONE 7

The French site Nowhereelse posted images [translated into English] "purportedly
from factories Catcher Technology" that it says have "confirmed" the iPhone 7
design.

They show an Apple iOS smartphone with a bigger camera module that sits closer
to the edge of the phone, but not necessarily a space that would house the much
discussed dual-sensor camera.

MORE: Best Apple iPhone 7 Design Concepts of 2016, so far

Those nasty and disgusting antenna bands on the iPhone that some get really
worked up about will also supposedly disappear from the main chassis, though
will remain at the very top and bottom edges. While the images don't really
confirm this, the author says that the source swears the iPhone 7 will be
thinner than its predecessors.

If this all sounds kind of...underwhelming, many Apple watchers agree. Boy
Genius Report, for instance, sums it up this way: "Our first look at the iPhone
7 couldn't be less exciting (and why that's OK)".

Here's one reason that's OK: MacRumors and others also pointed to Chinese sites
that circulated possible first photos of the iPhone 7 Plus, and it indeed shows
a big old space that could house a dual-lens camera.

TERMINATOR TIME?

The Stuff website, picking up on Apple Insider's report, suggests that a "Liquid
metal home button could give the iPhone 7 a touch of the Terminator."

Liquid metal, if you somehow don't know, is an all-powerful alloy that in this
case could be used to bring Force Touch to the home button of new iPhones. So
not only would the screen be pressure sensitive, but so would the home button,
if patented Apple technology comes to life. Apple is sure to come up with
something a tad catchier than the "bulk amorphous alloy pressure sensor" it
references in its patent though...

UNLIMITED STORAGE!

Well, not quite, but rumors are that Apple could be exceeding past on-board
storage limitations of 128GB and double that with new SanDisk technology. Cult
of Mac reports that there's actually no evidence that the new SanDisk 256GB
flash storage chip is headed to Apple's next iPhones, but notes that Apple has
used the company's memory chips in its iPhone 5, 6 and 6 Plus.

For those who rail against the 16GB models of the iPhone that are seemingly
useless, an upgrade to 256GB might budge Apple to make the 32GB its starting
point going forward. And stunningly, a 256GB iPhone 7 would have more storage
than an entry-level MacBook Air, as The Week points out.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 25, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

7 hidden features of iOS 7 you will definitely love

LENGTH: 238  words


Now that the iOS 7 is here on iPhone 5C, 5S and 5, it is time to know how to
navigate in iOS 7 for the best user experience.

The iOS 7 is the most significant iOS update since the original iPhone. The
phone features a stunning new user interface with a completely redesigned home
screen. We bring you 7 features in the new operating system that you will love.
Explore these in the next pages.

7 best apps for iOS 7

Apple intros iOS 7: Stunning UI, free Internet Radio, anti-theft feature

7 disappointing things about the Apple iOS 7

Unhappy with iOS 7? Here's how to downgrade to iOS 6

iOS 7 available for download, but keep your expectations low

iOS 7 first bug detected! Anybody can access photos without passcode

Review: 7 things you won't like about Apple iPhone 5S

13 iFlops: Is Apple out of ideas on innovation?

10 competitors that can dare Apple iPhone 5S

In Pics: Apple iPhone 5S and 5C launch witnesses long queues

iPhone 5S review:  Is this worth $649?

Is Apple aping Samsung, Nokia and HTC to save iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C?

Review: Is the colourful plastic iPhone 5C a good buy in India?

Just launched iPhone 5C and 5S come to India at Rs. 46900 and Rs. 62990

Bizarre: This is how Apple guards its secrets

Ant Poison to Alice in Wonderland: Things you don't know about Apple

Apple flashback: Jobs Vs John tiff almost killed Apple

Flashback: Nokia evolved from 10 KG to 139 grams

Microsoft-Nokia deal happened because of Lumia 1020 camera!

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2013 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 655 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

The company will live stream the event on it's website, although you'll only be
able to watch it on an Apple Mac or iOS device. You can also follow all the
action as it happens on the Mirror live blog.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, claims that
device will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and
"piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 656 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

The company will live stream the event on it's website, although you'll only be
able to watch it on an Apple Mac or iOS device. You can also follow all the
action as it happens on the Mirror live blog.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities claims that the
device will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and
"piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 656 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

The company will live stream the event on it's website, although you'll only be
able to watch it on an Apple Mac or iOS device. You can also follow all the
action as it happens on the Mirror live blog.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities claims that the
device will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and
"piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 3, 2016 Saturday 12:30 AM GMT

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know;
Apple appears to have confirmed the launch date of its long-awaited iPhone 7 and
it's expected in the Apple September 2016 event

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 655 words


Apple has sent out media invitations for an event this week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

The company will live stream the event on it's website, although you'll only be
able to watch it on an Apple Mac or iOS device. You can also follow all the
action as it happens on the Mirror live blog.

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name "
iPhone 7", as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box .

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button , but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, claims that
device will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and
"piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Apple's iPhone 7 more expensive to make

LENGTH: 231  words


Apple is spending more to manufacture its iPhone 7 smartphone than predecessor
iPhone 6S due to features such as a bigger battery and larger storage capacity,
according to a teardown by IHS Markit Ltd .Including $5 in basic manufacturing
costs, total cost to manufacture the iPhone 7 mobile rises to $224.

80, $36.89 higher than the business research provider's estimates for the iPhone
6S.

Apple retails an unsubsidized 32GB iPhone 7 at $649.The company unveiled the
iPhone 7 with high-resolution cameras and no headphone jack at its annual launch
on Sept 7 IHS Markit also said on Tuesday the iPhone 7's Bill Of Materials, a
financial estimate of the raw materials used, was "in line" with flagship
smartphones made by rival Samsung Electronics but Apple ekes out better margins.

"All other things being equal, Apple still makes more margin from hardware than
Samsung, but materials costs are higher than in the past," said Andrew
Rassweiler, senior director of cost benchmarking services at IHS Markit. IHS
Markit has not yet performed a teardown analysis on the larger iPhone 7 Plus.

Supplies of Apple's iPhone 7 Plus have been exhausted in all shades, and the
smaller iPhone 7 has also sold out in the new jet black colour, the company said
last week.Yet, in some markets, such as China, interest in the new phone has
been muted, as cheaper local brands amp up their design and marketing.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple iPhone 7 officially unveiled

BYLINE: Press Association Reporters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple has unveiled the new iPhone 7, having made the phone water resistant for
the first time and removed the headphone jack.

The tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook announced the phone at an event in San
Francisco, though a social media glitch saw the firm's Twitter account - only
recently activated - accidentally reveal the news early.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for runners.

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on September 16, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning on Friday.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely.

An adaptor that enables traditional headphones to continue to plug into the
iPhone will also be included in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera completely redesigned, with a much-rumoured
second lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to
capture more zoomed images without losing picture quality.

The lenses across the two phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant revealed it had sold the one billionth unit of the
device, while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most
popular watch brand and most popular smartwatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: <B An image of the new iPhone 7 from last night's event<B Apple CEO Tim
Cook announces the new iPhone 7 as people in the audience take pictures at a
tech event in San Fransisco last night

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2016 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

P for Puja... P for (i)Phone

LENGTH: 533  words


"Check it out guys, people are shopping for Apple products during Puja," one of
a group of four men who had marched into Quest mall on Sashthi evening for
clothes and grub said. "No, no... today's iPhone 7 launch," said another.

"What???" said the man who had started the conversation. Their eyes were on the
100-odd people who had queued up outside Imagine. Metro was present in the mall
and at M-Touch on Elgin Road when the clock struck seven and the doors of the
stores opened to applause and people rushed in. None stopped to look at other
Apple products at Imagine. It was a dash for the billing desk. "Apple is Apple.
We have been booking iPhone 7 for days now. The only standard we compete with is
the standard set by us. So, we are competing with ourselves and not with any
other company,"

Ankit Chordia, tech commercial head of Imagine, said. He also had to deal with
customers visiting his three other Imagine stores across the city

The first customer

Ashis Banerjee, 38, from Burdwan's Katwa

* Occupation: Works with a bank

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 Plus (128GB matte black)

* I am a diehard Apple fan and have used the iPhone 5 in the past. It's an
exceptional phone with a great camera and it comes with a powerful processor.
This is a gift to myself. I had watched the livestream of the iPhone 7's launch
in San Francisco (September 7). Between new clothes and a new iPhone, I will
always choose the latter."

Yash Kansal, 13, from central Calcutta

* Student of: Birla High School, Class VIII

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 Plus (128GB matte black)

* This is a gift from my cousin Awaish, 25, (he is in the construction business)
as this is the festive season and my birthday is round the corner. The Apple
ecosystem is brilliant; every Apple product interacts with one another. And the
camera is top-quality. The first thing I will do is take a selfie and show it to
my friends!"

Partha Pratim Saha, 34, from Dum Dum

* Occupation: Businessman

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 (128GB matte black)

* For me it's an upgrade from iPhone 4S. My wife uses iPhone 6S and I thought it
was time for an upgrade. Apple phones are user-friendly and I am looking forward
to buying the AirPods (wireless headphones, which will be available soon). I now
want to take a few Puja pictures with my new phone."

Amrit Keshan, 23, from Bhowanipore

* Occupation: Businessman

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 (32GB matte black)

* The iPhone is now a part of me. One of the features I am hooked to is
FaceTime. When my MacBook and iPhone are using the same Wi-Fi connection, I can
do FaceTime on the MacBook screen and the experience is awesome."

Akshay Agarwal, 26, from New Alipore

* Occupation: Businessman

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 Plus (128GB jet black)

* I am very excited about the phone. New features such as dual camera and the
IP67 rating, which means it is water resistant up to one metre for 30 minutes,
are a big draw. This is my fourth iPhone."

Sourav Agarwala, 19, from Lake Town

* Student of: St. Xavier's College, BCom, 2nd year

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 (32GB matte black)

* This is my first Apple product. I was jittery about switching from Android to
iPhone but the sync happened without much ado. The phone is very user-friendly.
I also love the camera."

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 7 launch event today: Where to watch, timings and what to expect

LENGTH: 311  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 7 -- Zee Media Bureau
 New Delhi/New York: Apple is expected to unveil a new iPhone and maybe even a
second-generation smartwatch at a special event in San Francisco on Wednesday.


 The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will
boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while
doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones.
 Apple iPhone 7 livestreaming
 To watch the livestreaming of the event today, log on to the following link.
 http://www.apple.com/apple-events/september-2016/
 TIMINGS
 The event will start at following timings
 1 pm (New York timing)
 6 pm (London timing)
 3 am -on September 8 (Sydney timing)
 10.30 pm (India timing)
 RUMOUR ROUND UP
 Here is the roumour round up of the upcoming iPhone 7:
 A tech site Techtastic has got some good clues about the colour of the Apple
iPhone 7. It says that the iPhone 7 will come in space gray black.
 In other tech rumours, Apple will come with a 32GB storage for the base variant
of its iPhone 7.
 For a very long time Apple users have been complaining about Apple's 16GB
storage which they find too less to capture a high definition video.
 Meanwhile, Apple is likely to carry on with the making of 64GB and 128GB
versions of the phone.
 A July video leak showed iPhone 7 to be is very similar to iPhone 6S in terms
of design and size. The leaked video also suggested that the phone may have a
bigger camera and USB-type C port.
 It may also have sport optical image stabilisation (OIS) feature.
 A Wall Street Journal report said that Apple will come with a 32GB storage for
the base variant of its iPhone 7. Meanwhile, Apple is likely to carry on with
the making of 64GB and 128GB versions of the phone.
 So far, we have known from various reports that the iPhone 7 would not have
antenna bands across the rear and no 3.5mm headphone jack.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     March 16, 2016 Wednesday 09:25 AM EST

iPhone 7 leaks point to a slightly new design

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 415  words


Click for image

From a design perspective, the iPhone 6 and 6s might very well be the least
attractive iPhone models Apple has ever released. Sure, the devices are
incredibly thin and run some of the most advanced software on the planet, but
the unseemly and thick antenna lines on the back of the device left a lot to be
desired.

Of course, it's not as if Apple could just drape the entire back of the iPhone
in metal because those wireless signals do need to travel to and fro. But if we
take a look back at some of the earlier iPhone designs, such as the original
iPhone or even the iPhone 5s, we see that it's certainly possible to design a
slick device while accounting for the device's communication components.

Looking ahead, a number of iPhone 7 leaks suggest that the ugly plastic antenna
lines that plagued the most recent iPhone models will finally be a thing of the
past. In recent months, we've heard rumblings that the antenna lines will be far
less conspicuous and now a number of case leaks seem to corroborate these
reports.

First up, the French-language site NowhereElse.Fr (which has a decent track
record with respect to rumors) published the following photo of the iPhone 7's
rear casing over the weekend. As you can tell, there are no prominent antenna
lines on the back side of the device. You might also notice that there's no
headphone jack, seemingly bolstering an iPhone 7 rumor that has persisted for
months on end.

As for where the antenna lines have gone, the site relays that Apple on the
iPhone 7 will move them towards the top and bottom edges of the rear chassis,
allowing for a more elegant design. Specifically, instead of relying upon two
distinct antenna lines, Apple may opt for a more a single line antenna design
located on the device's edges as opposed to the back.

Now you might have noticed that the photo above doesn't seem to show a dual
camera system, as has been rumored. Note, though, that Apple's most advanced
camera technology may only grace the iPhone 7 Plus. In other words, if the photo
above is of the 4.7-inch iPhone 7, there wouldn't be a dual camera system to
spot to begin with.

Speaking of which, the following leaked photo purporting to be an iPhone 7 Plus
has been making the rounds as well. Note that in the photo below, the device
does appear to show a dual camera system. Also note the lack of intrusive
antenna lines. And if you look closely, you can see that the plastic antenna
lines reside towards the top and bottom of the device.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
