
                               1 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

LIVE Google Pixel event: Sundar Pichai to launch 'Made by Google' smartphones;
Google Pixel, Pixel XL launch: Google is all set to pull up the curtains on its
products at today's event in San Francisco. The live stream of the special event
by Google will start soon The post LIVE Google Pixel event: Sundar Pichai to
launch 'Made b...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 267  words


Google Pixel, Pixel XL launch: Google is all set to pull up the curtains on its
products at today's event in San Francisco. The live stream of the special event
by Google will start soon

Google Pixel, Pixel XL launch: Google is all set to pull up the curtains on its
products at today's event in San Francisco. The live stream of the special event
by Google will start soon. After the much hyped Apple event last month, it is
now Google's turn to launch its brand new smartphones Pixel and Pixel XL in what
looks to be an extravagant affair.

As Google is all set to make some major hardware announcements on October 4,
consumers can still see some signs of the changes and guess what to expect.
Google has an annual ritual of announcing its flagship smartphones, yet this
year appears to be distinct. Google in an enigmatic new advertisement had shown
a box, devoid of context which metamorphosised into a rectangular shape
symbolising a smartphone alongside the Google logo and 'Oct 4' written.

Here are LIVE updates on Google Pixel launch event:

9.08 pm: A day ahead of the Google Pixel launch event, the tech giant decided to
stay mum of 'Made by Google' smartphones

We're not saying anything until tomorrow.
#madebygooglepic.twitter.com/B6caqnhBrw

- Made by Google (@madebygoogle) October 4, 2016

9.05 pm: The Google live stream will begin shortly. In order to watch the Google
event live, viewers will have to follow the action by watching the live stream.

So far we do not know when Google will launch Pixel and Pixel XL in India, but
as seen with its Nexus phone, Google does not delay launches in India.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google wins with Pixel, at the expense of HTC

BYLINE: Karthekayan Iyer

LENGTH: 409  words


Google's new Pixel smartphones cost almost as much as the latest iPhone 7 --
which is a sharp departure from the budget Nexus phones.

Google has officially launched its Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones at a special
event in San Francisco. With the new smartphones, Google is directly aiming at
Apple - an approach that will shape the future of Android smartphones and set
directions for for the entire industry.

So first things first, Google's new Pixel smartphones cost almost as much as the
latest iPhone 7 - which is a sharp departure from the budget pricing at which
Nexus phones used to be introduced and company's Rick Osterloh introduced Pixel
smartphones as new phones 'Made By Google'. This is the first time Google is
emphasising on this term, indicating that the phone is designed, developed and
manufactured by Google. Is it manufactured by Google? Wait, technically the
phone is supposed to be made by HTC, but Google has had more say than ever
before.

The arrival of Pixel phones can be seen as HTC's transition from Google's choice
OEM to ODM. If reports are anything to go by, Google approached Huawei first for
its Pixel phones but the Chinese smartphone maker declined citing lack of Huawei
branding on the latest phones.

While the first batches of Pixel phones will be made by HTC, there is a
possibility that future devices could come from another vendor altogether.
Google is following on Microsoft's footsteps by introducing its own hardware
rather than relying on a partner to fight with now dependable Apple iPhone
range.

For the world, Pixel will be a Google smartphone with HTC's schematics. This is
going to be the biggest difference between Nexus and Pixel. A quick look at
Pixel and Pixel XL makes it clear that the smartphones bear close resemblance to
HTC's One A9 and the recent flagship HTC 10, but HTC could have had a
significant turnaround if the phones had 'Built by HTC' branding somewhere. In
fact, over the years LG did benefit from being the creator of Nexus phones.

With Pixel, Google certainly stands to win, but there won't be much takeaway for
HTC, which is struggling in its smartphone endeavours. With Pixel and Pixel XL,
Google is going after a premium smartphone segment and it's a gamble that could
shape the premium smartphone industry currently dominated by Apple and Samsung.
In simple terms, Pixel and Pixel XL will serve as launchpad for Google's grander
vision in the highly competitive smartphone industry.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Google's new Pixel leaves Nexus enthusiasts in the lurch

BYLINE: Vincent Chang

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 668 words


The Google Nexus is dead, long live the Pixel.

At a press event in San Francisco last week, Google showed off its new Pixel
smartphone.

Touted by the company as a phone that provides the best Google experience, the
Pixel has been described by Android chief Hiroshi Lockheimer in a Bloomberg
interview as "the purest form of Google, which is Android plus a whole lot of
other stuff like the Assistant, our VR platform and so on".

The Pixel starts at US$649 (S$892) in the United States for the base 5-inch
model, which is identical to Apple's pricing for the iPhone 7. Compared with the
launch prices of most Nexus devices in the past, this is pricey.

Mr Lockheimer also revealed that Google does not plan to do any more Nexus
devices.

As a long-time user of Google Nexus devices, I am sorely disappointed by the
axing of the affordable Nexus line. The Nexus devices are far from perfect, but
they often hit the sweet spot in price and performance.

Three years ago, my Nexus 5 cost me a relatively affordable $680, despite the
fact that I had effectively paid taxes twice on top of shipping charges, by
importing it from Japan, as Google does not sell the Nexus devices here.

If you wish to get the Pixel in Singapore, you have to go through similar steps
but, this time round, it will be far more expensive for a device that is not
supported here.

As a result, I do not see myself upgrading my Nexus 5 to the new Pixel. And
judging from the online chatter, I am not the only one that shares this
sentiment.

Nexus fans are reeling from the demise of the brand, as well as the premium
pricing of the Pixel.

Android enthusiasts at Reddit and XDA Developers are filled with angst and
posting topics like "Google Pixel and the five stages of grief". Others discuss
cheaper alternatives to the Pixel.

In its favour, the Pixel's rear camera has been rated as the best in the market.
The phone also comes with the smart Google Assistant that can answer your
queries and accept voice commands. It can even control compatible smart home
devices.

But taking a page out of the Apple playbook goes beyond pricing products at
premium levels. Unlike its competitors, Google does not have physical stores for
consumers to visit and fix their Pixel phones. Google is clearly aware of this
and is offering live customer support via chat or call for Pixel owners.

This is in stark contrast with the laidback approach Google took with the Nexus
devices. In the past, it would collaborate with existing Android handset makers
to release a new Nexus device.

But Google did not market them heavily and rarely reached out to telcos to sell
them. Unsurprisingly, the Nexus devices never had much traction beyond the
enthusiast community.

It is already different with the Pixel. Google has partnered Verizon in the US
to offer the new phone. The company has launched video ads introducing the Pixel
. The day after the launch, it splurged on a full-page ad on the front page of
USA Today.

Google is just getting started. The company says it is already working on next
year's Pixel and I won't be surprised if Google, like Apple, intends to build
its own mobile processor in the future.

If Google was a band, the Pixel would be that album considered by fans as the
moment it sold out by focusing on the mainstream market.

But the rationale behind launching the Pixel is closer to what Microsoft tried
to do with the Surface devices. It is about wresting control back from Android
manufacturers who have largely dragged their feet when it comes to updating
their handsets with the latest Android software.

After years of seeing the Android platform massacred by hardware makers who care
more about selling devices than providing the best user experience, can you
blame Google for thinking that it can do a better job'

The Nexus programme was about Google's vision for Android, but the Pixel will
showcase Google's vision for smartphones. As for me, I'll be keenly following
the Pixel - perhaps the second iteration will be more persuasive.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Google launching Pixel with a big bang - and budget.
Google launching Pixel with a big bang - and budget. PHOTO: EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO
AGENCY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Google Pixel: Designed by Google

LENGTH: 1133 words

DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, Oct. 25 -- Google has always been on the helm of the Android
user-experience since they're the architects behind the popular mobile OS. But
Google's vision of an Android experience has always been marred by third-party
original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). While Google does propagate the use of
vanilla Android, most other OEMs load their phones with non-proprietary skins,
features and bloatware that drastically change the user-experience from vanilla
Android. To some extent, Google had a say on what software goes into the Nexus
phones but the hardware of the third-party developed phones seemed really
similar to the OEMs that were producing the phones. The LG made Nexus 5 looks
similar to LG's own LG G2 while the Huawei build Nexus 6P felt more like the
Huawei P8. Thus, the Nexus line of phones have always felt like Google forcing
their software into phone designed and developed by other manufactures

All of this changes, however, with the release of the 'Made by Google' Pixel and
Pixel XL phones. With the release of the Pixel line of phones Google seems to be
hinting at a future where Google is in control of the hardware as well. With the
rebranding of the Nexus phones to the Pixel line (Google stating that they have
'no plans' for the Nexus line of phones) Google seems to be aiming at a more
Apple-like control over the hardware of their flagship phones. Competing
head-to-head with Apple's iPhone in terms of hardware, Google's Pixel phones are
also priced at similar to Apple's iPhones. While older Nexus phones boasted good
performance at an affordable price, the Pixel phones seem to be taking a
different approach by equipping the phone with high-end hardware, good
build-quality and a price-tag to match.

While Google's first dive into the OEM market has produced good-looking phones,
they suffer from a lot of shortcomings when compared to flagships by other
manufacturers. For one, the Pixel phones come with an IP rating of 53 whereas
the iPhone 7 and the Galaxy S7 both come with better water-resistance at IP67
and IP68 respectively. And even though the Pixel phones constructions are
aluminium uni-body, the iPhone 7 still feels more dense and solid than the Pixel
phones. The design of the Pixel phones, which Google states happened completely
inside Google, also seem disproportionate since it comes with really thin side
bezels but the chins on the top and bottom seems to be exaggerated more than
needed. Since the Pixel uses software navigation buttons, the need for a fat top
and bottom chin seems redundant especially since it does not even come with
front-facing stereo speakers.

All of these design choices make it seem like Google had to work with the
hardware availability at their 'contract manufacturer' HTC. HTC seems to be
playing a similar role as Foxconn to Apple and is currently handling all of the
manufacturing side of the Pixel phones even though the phones have been designed
in-house by Google. Thus, our question lies with how much of Google's designs
were influenced by the availability of parts at the HTC production facility. Are
the larger chins on the Pixel phones a direct result of how HTC ships their
phones with hardware navigation buttons or finger-print sensors under the
screen? And is the lack of better water-proofing solution absent from the Pixel
phones because HTC does not have the waterproofing solutions available at hand?
All of this makes us question just what 'designed' by Google really means if
their design choices are being limited by HTC's manufacturing process.

But apart from the negatives, the Pixel is actually a good phone. It comes with
top-tiered hardware and is also the first phone to ship with the latest version
of Android, Android 7.1. The Pixel phone is equipped with a 1080p 5-inch AMOLED
display while the Pixel XL phones come with a 1440p 5.5-inch AMOLED display. The
Pixel's screen as a pixel density of 441ppi while the XL models come with a
density of 534ppi. The XL also has a bigger battery at 3450 mAh while the Pixel
is powered by a 2770 mAh battery. Apart from these changes, the hardware inside
both of these phones are the same. They come with Qualcomm's latest and fastest
processor yet, the Snapdragon 821 SOC paired with 4GB of RAM and 32 GB or 128GB
of internal storage. Screens on both of these devices are protected by Gorilla
Glass 4. Google also flaunted the camera on the Pixel phones, while they don't
seem as impressive on paper with a 12.3 MP rear-camera, the cameras on the
phones are the highest-rated cameras on DxO - an industry standard on cameras
and lens glass quality. The Pixel's DxO Mark score of 89 evens the iPhone 7's
camera rating of 84. This should ensure better photography capabilities of the
Pixel phones, but how well the camera performs in real-life situations has yet
to be seen.

Talking about design, the Pixel phones are a pleasure to look at and navigate
around. The smaller Pixel phone can be easily handled by one hand whereas the
bigger Pixel XL also offers better manoeuvrability around the phone even though
one-handed use might be difficult because of the larger chin. While the front
seems similar to all other smartphones, the back is where things get
interesting. One third of the phone's back, where the camera and the
rear-mounted fingerprint reader reside is where Google has installed a Gorilla
Glass 4 glass panel; while the other half showcases the phone's premium
aluminium build. The top and bottom halves of the phone are also slightly raised
so that the cameras don't protrude and because of this slight design choice, the
Pixel phones sit flush on-top of a desk. Picking up the Pixel phones are also
easier since the middle area of the phone is slightly curved inward making it
easier to grab while on a table top.

While Google's initial attempt at making a phone is laudable, the first phones
in the Pixel line-up aren't without their shortcomings. While Google does win in
terms of performance and a good build quality, Google needs to streamline their
production processes better and design phones that don't seem to be dictated by
their manufacture's inventory. Most of the Pixel's shortcoming could have been
overlooked if the phone had been priced at a price-point similar to the Nexus
line but since Google is charging premium price for their Pixel phones, most of
the phone's drawbacks aren't excusable. Since Google is trying to adopt a
similar model to Apple in regards to smartphone hardware and design, it seems
they still have a long way to go before they garner the same clout as the
experienced Apple in the field.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 898 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Pixel review: Android's answer to the iPhone 7 and one of 2016's best
smartphones

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Google Pixel goes on UK sale TODAY - Best UK deals and tariff prices on EE,
Vodafone, O2 and Carphone Warehouse

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 883 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Pixel review: Android's answer to the iPhone 7 and one of 2016's best
smartphones

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:56 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones finally revealed - can they compete with
the iPhone 7?;
The search giant unveiled two new handsets along with a virtual reality headset
at an event in San Francisco

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 574 words


The much-anticipated Google Pixel has been revealed by the US tech giant at an
exclusive event in San Francisco.

Widespread leaks had already taken much of the surprise out of the announcement,
but Google still made the most out of its answer to Apple's market-leading
iPhone.

The company's CEO Sundar Pichai launched the phones from the stage and was met
with plenty of applause.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Taking over from the Nexus brand, Pixel is a shift towards a more premium phone
that will compete with both the iPhone 7 and Samsung's popular Galaxy S7.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

As expected, Google revealed two different versions of the Pixel - a standard
5-inch model and a larger 5.5-inch version called the Pixel XL.

Inside the Pixel is a quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit processor, 4GB of RAM and a
non-removable 2,770mAh lithium ion battery. The phone comes with either 32GB or
128GB of storage.

The Pixel XL meanwhile has a 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM and a big 2,450mAh battery.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Both phones boast the same 12MP rear-facing camera and 8M front-facing one. And
what's more, in Google's own words, "there's no unsightly camera bump."

They both have fingerprint scanners on the back of the phone and the new USB-C
charging port on the bottom. And, unlike Apple, both phones come with 3.5mm
headphone ports.

One of the biggest benefits of the new Pixel phones is that they will ship with
the latest version of Android pre-installed. Also, when it comes to future
updates, Google's own phones tend to get their first compared with other Android
phone makers like Samsung or Sony.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Android "Nougat" is notable for a new AI-powered assistant called Allo and the
FaceTime-style video chat app called Duo.

If you're keen to ditch the iPhone and get hold of either of the Pixels then you
won't have to wait long as they're going to be available on October 20th.

However, it won't be cheap.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 879 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Pixel review: Android's answer to the iPhone 7 and one of 2016's best
smartphones

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Google Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones now available in India: Know about price,
specifications

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 25 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Google's much-awaited 5-inch Pixel, 5.5-inch Pixel XL smartphones-are available
in India in black and silver colours with attractive EMI options from Tuesday
(October 25).


 Pixel comes with a built-in Google Assistant that will have a natural
conversation with users to find answers or get things done on the go.
 On Flipkart, Google Pixel 32GB is priced Rs 57,000, and Rs 66,000 for the 128GB
variant.
 Similarly, Google Pixel XL priced at Rs 67,000 for the 32GB version, and Rs
76,000 for the 128GB variant.
 The smartphones are available in India on Reliance Digital, Croma, Bajaj
Electronics, Vijay Sales, eZone, Sangeetha, Hotspot Mobiles, Poorvika Mobile
World, and Flipkart.
 Google has used 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 on the front display and back
glass.
 Pixel has 12.3MP rear camera and 8MP front camera, a fingerprint sensor at the
back and is powered by a battery that can charge the phone for up to seven hours
in just 15 minutes. Pixel comes with the newest Android operating system,
Android 7.1 Nougat.
 With an aim to lead the world of smartphones with its artificial intelligence
(AI)-based technology, Google had launched Pixel smartphones early this month.
 Main features of Pixel smartphones that you need to know:
 The Pixel phones will come in two sizes-Pixel in 5" and Pixel XL in 5.5" size.
 Both have AMOLED screens, with 1080p resolution for the small one (441ppi) and
QHD for the big one (534ppi). Battery capacity is also different, 2,770mAh and
3,450mAh. A battery that lasts all day, and charges fast. Get up to 7 hours of
battery life in just 15 minutes.
 The phones sport Qualcomm supplied a revamped chipset, the Snapdragon 821,
Android 7.1 Nougat. Gogle boasts of highly superior camera performance on Pixel
with 12MP sensor, 1.55µm pixels, f/2.0 aperture. The phone also have Electronic
Image Stabilization.
 Google Pixel and Pixel XL also boast of large storag- 32GB (for those that use
Google Photos and Play Music) and 128GB (for those that prefer their data
offline).
 Both come with 4GB of RAM. The phones are loaded with Google services that
cover everything from messaging, through cloud services to AI assistants. The
phones will come with an in-built Google services like Google Home and Duo.
 Google phone can connect to a Google router and cast to a Google media player.
It has seamless glass-aluminum body, with smooth surfaces and easy-to-grip
curved edges. It unlocks fast as you would swipe down on the fingerprint sensor
for quick access to all your notifications.
 The phones come in three colours: Quite Black, Really Blue, Very Silver.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Google Pixel starts pre-booking in India: Here's all you need to know;
The much awaited Google Pixel and Google Pixel Xl on Thursday went for pre-order
in the country. The post Google Pixel starts pre-booking in India: Here's all
you need to know appeared first on The Financial Express.

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 392  words


The much awaited Google Pixel and Google Pixel Xl on Thursday went for pre-order
in the country.

The much awaited Google Pixel and Google Pixel Xl on Thursday went for pre-order
in the country. With this, India becomes one of the only 6 nations where the
pre-booking for Google's revolutionary new smartphone has started. The
deliveries of these products are expected to be starting by the end of this
month. Both the smartphones have been designed to give stiff competition to the
Apple and Samsung's flagship smartphones. Google claims that this time it has
complete control over its products; from start to finish, as it contracted with
HTC instead of its previous alliances to manufacture handsets.

Google also claims that the Pixel handsets are the first phones that have been
completely produced by the company; both hardware and the software. And by doing
so, Google is asserting its presence among the likes of Apple and Samsung.
Although, these new smartphones are actually manufactured by Taiwanese
smartphone Company HTC. Google has also teamed up with HTC to provide after sale
services to the Pixel smartphones' users. The smartphones are to be made
available for sale in over 1,000 retail outlets. Google has also announced a
customer care number, that is toll-free, to deal with all the customer
grievances.

The smartphones will be mad available in Blue, Quite Black and Silver colour
variants. Although, Blue is the colour that is said to be most sought after. The
smartphones are offering an internal storage of 32GB and 128GB, depending on the
model and the price. The 32GB Pixel would cost you around Rs, 57,000, whereas
the 128GB variant would make you pay RS 66,000. Similarly, the Pixel XL starts
with a price tag of RS 67,000 for the 32GB variant, whereas the 128GB model
costs RS 76,000. The Google Pixel sports a 5-inch full HD screen with 10801920
pixels and AMOLED display. The display is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4.
The Pixel XL has a slightly bigger screen with 5.5-inch Full HD with the same
resolution and protection. The smartphones also offer cloud services, which
means that the users get to store as many photos and videos as they want. Both
the smartphones run on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 61-bit-quad-core chipset, that
clock 2.15GHz. Both the smartphones offer 4GB RAM and run on the new Android
Nougat 7.1 OS.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 858 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Google has said that pre-orders for the phone will begin today (October 4) in
the US, UK, Australia, Germany and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:10 PM GMT

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK;
Interested in picking up one of Google's anticipated new smartphones? This is
how much they are likely to cost you when they go on sale in the UK tomorrow

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 401 words


Google has two brand spanking new phones to choose from - the Pixel and the
Pixel XL. If you're sick of the idea of another iPhone, then these are a worthy
alternative.

There are three different places you can get the new Google Pixel phone: From
the company itself, high street chain Carphone Warehouse and through the EE
network.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch
version and £719 for the 5.5-inch model.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones

That's if you decide to go with 32GB of storage. If you opt for 128GB you're
looking at £699 for the Pixel and £819 for the Pixel XL.

Google Pixel review: Android's answer to the iPhone 7 and one of 2016's best
smartphones

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

Those prices put them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone
models.

If you'd rather buy it through a contract then you're either going to have to be
an EE customer or be willing to switch to the carrier. The phones themselves
will be available from October 20th whilst the Daydream View VR headset that
Google also announced will be available from early November.

Google announces Daydream VR headset - and it will be available in early
November

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 853 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 853 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 853 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 853 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 853 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (which you can find here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse
(which is here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google launches Pixel phones: first real Google phones to take on iPhone and
Samsung

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Oct. 5 -- At an event here in San Francisco, Google CEO Sundar
Pichai took the stage to make several announcements. The most interesting news
was the launch of the first-ever phone fully made by Google - the Pixel. Google
is calling it the Pixel as the company has launched premium hardware products
such as Chromebooks and tablets under the Pixel banner in the past and Google
aims to set the benchmark for premium smartphones with the Pixel phones. The
Pixel phones feature an aerospace grade aluminum body and Corning Gorilla Glass
4 and come in 2 sizes - 5 and 5.5 inches and are otherwise identical in terms of
other features.

Powering the phones are the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor with 4GB of
RAM alongside. The Pixel is the first phone to ship with Google Assistant which
lets you interact with your phone and other Google services easily with simple
voice and contextual commands. The new phones come with Google Duo and Allo
pre-installed and run on the latest version of Android Nougat 7.1. Google claims
the Pixel phones have the best camera in the market with a 12.3Megapixel camera
on the rear and an8 Megapixel front-facing camera.

Surprisingly, India is one of first 6 countries to get the Pixel phones with
pre-orders starting on October 13th on Flipkart and will later be available at
Croma and Reliance Digital stores. The Pixel and Pixel XL will not come cheap
and starts at Rs.57000 for the 32GB version of the Pixel and goes all the way up
to Rs. 76,000 for the 128GB version of the Pixel XL and at the price directly
competes with other high end devices such as the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy
phones. Google is planning to offer Interest free financing optionsat launch and
Pixel users will get unlimited storage for photos and video content captured on
the phone for life.

Google announced the DayDream VR headset priced at $79 and aims to simplify
consumer VR headsets by making it very comfortable and easy to use.

Google also announced the Google Home for $129 which takes on Amazon Echo and
brings the Google Assistant to the home. Google WiFi also priced at $129 aims to
solve WiFi woes either in a standalone or paired configuration. Chromecast Ultra
finally brings 4K support to the Chromecast.

Courtesy: fonearena.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 654 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

Google Pixel review: Android's answer to the iPhone 7 and one of 2016's best
smartphones

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 658 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 658 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 658 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything we know about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1224 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

What time is Google's October 4 event 2016? Google Home release date, 4K
Chromecast and Pixel smartphones rumoured to be announced

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

A day before Google is set to unveil its new phone, Carphone Warehouse appears
to have let the entire cat out of the bag.

The retailer accidentally posted finished pictures of the new smartphone along
with details of some of its key features.

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

The unveiling for Google's new phones will happen on October 4th.

The video announcing the date (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal
search box slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a
typical smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     October 20, 2016 Thursday 2:04 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Everything you need to know about new Android
smartphones;
Search engine giant has unleashed its brand-new devices - but are they any good?

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 526 words


Google has released its brand-new Android smartphones - with hopes it can
provide an alternative to the popular Apple devices, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Released on October 20 across the globe, the search engine giant's phone has
been years in the making.

Tech fans have been eagerly-awaiting the device, which has seen Google ditch the
'Nexus' name in favour of 'Pixel'.

The moniker replaces the former on Google's premium tablets and laptops.

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Pre-orders for the phone began on October 4 in the US, UK, Australia, Germany
and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

Pre-orders for the Pixel and Pixel XL are both open either through Google's own
online store (click here) or high street store Carphone Warehouse (click here).

Alternatively, you can go to the network EE, which has an exclusive right to the
Pixel phone in the UK.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

Watch: Inside the new Apple store in Birmingham

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU.

Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get Pixel and Pixel XL on
4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G speeds, and inclusive
access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

The device comes in white, bearing more than a passing resemblance to the iPhone
6, but the smaller Pixel and larger Pixel XL also have 4GB of RAM and the same
12MP camera on the back (8MP on the front).

Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike Apple which ditched it
with the launch of the iPhone 7.

Google launches Home speaker to take on Amazon Echo

Users can opt for a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and
Google is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and
videos through its Google Photos app.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Mirror Online have been one of the first to review the smartphone.

They write: "For Android purists, the Google Pixel is the best phone you can buy
- even if it costs the same as Apple's high priced iPhone 7.

"When it comes to design, the Pixel doesn't match the quality of Samsung's
Galaxy S7 and S7 edge - but the wealth of Google software and the support for
things like Google Assistant and Daydream VR help make up for that.

"The high price is tough to swallow but on the other hand the Pixel is a
worthwhile investment and undoubtedly one of the best smartphones 2016 has
produced."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:39 PM GMT

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?;
Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which
tech company makes the better phone?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 749 words


Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

We've yet to see the Pixel XL get an official launch date yet, but we do know
enough about it to line it up against Apple's current champ to see which comes
out on top.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and it's fairly likely the Pixel XL will have a 3.5mm headphone jack -
unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL has yet to actually be released yet, let alone make it into
the hands of eager reviewers. Therefore while we've got an idea of what it might
cost - there's no actual number to quote.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Still, it's likely to be cheaper than Apple's iPhone 7 Plus, which starts at
£719 for the 32GB model - making it one of the most expensive handsets its
possible to buy.

As for the Pixel XL, the best-case scenario would be that the it starts at £449
for the 32GB model - that's what Google currently charges for a Nexus 6P.

However. Google is likely to increase the price slightly over the earlier model,
so we're guessing it will be somewhere around the £500 mark.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Google launches Pixel phones - first real Google phones to take on iPhone and
Samsung

LENGTH: 406 words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Oct. 6 -- At an event here in San Francisco, Google CEO Sundar
Pichai took the stage to make several announcements. The most interesting news
was the launch of the first-ever phone fully made by Google - the Pixel. Google
is calling it the Pixel as the company has launched premium hardware products
such as Chromebooks and tablets under the Pixel banner in the past and Google
aims to set the benchmark for premium smartphones with the Pixel phones.

The Pixel phones feature an aerospace grade aluminum body and Corning Gorilla
Glass 4 and come in 2 sizes - 5 and 5.5 inches and are otherwise identical in
terms of other features. Powering the phones are the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 821
processor with 4GB of RAM alongside. The Pixel is the first phone to ship with
Google Assistant which lets you interact with your phone and other Google
services easily with simple voice and contextual commands.

The new phones come with Google Duo and Allo pre-installed and run on the latest
version of Android Nougat 7.1. Google claims the Pixel phones have the best
camera in the market with a 12.3Megapixel camera on the rear and an8 Megapixel
front-facing camera.

Surprisingly, India is one of first 6 countries to get the Pixel phones with
pre-orders starting on October 13th on Flipkart and will later be available at
Croma and Reliance Digital stores. The Pixel and Pixel XL will not come cheap
and starts at Rs 57000 for the 32GB version of the Pixel and goes all the way up
to Rs 76,000 for the 128GB version of the Pixel XL and at the price directly
competes with other high end devices such as the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy
phones. Google is planning to offer Interest free financing optionsat launch and
Pixel users will get unlimited storage for photos and video content captured on
the phone for life.

Google announced the DayDream VR headset priced at $79 and aims to simplify
consumer VR headsets by making it very comfortable and easy to use.

Google also announced the Google Home for $129 which takes on Amazon Echo and
brings the Google Assistant to the home. Google WiFi also priced at $129 aims to
solve WiFi woes either in a standalone or paired configuration. Chromecast Ultra
finally brings 4K support to the Chromecast.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:10 PM GMT

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK;
Interested in picking up one of Google's anticipated new smartphones? This is
how much they are likely to cost you when they go on sale in the UK tomorrow

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 387 words


Google has two brand spanking new phones to choose from - the Pixel and the
Pixel XL. If you're sick of the idea of another iPhone, then these are a worthy
alternative.

There are three different places you can get the new Google Pixel phone: From
the company itself, high street chain Carphone Warehouse and through the EE
network.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch
version and £719 for the 5.5-inch model.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones

That's if you decide to go with 32GB of storage. If you opt for 128GB you're
looking at £699 for the Pixel and £819 for the Pixel XL.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

Those prices put them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone
models.

If you'd rather buy it through a contract then you're either going to have to be
an EE customer or be willing to switch to the carrier. The phones themselves
will be available from October 20th whilst the Daydream View VR headset that
Google also announced will be available from early November.

Google announces Daydream VR headset - and it will be available in early
November

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:10 PM GMT

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event;
Watch the live stream of Google's event this evening, where it is widely
expected to announce its new Pixel handsets, as well as its Amazon Echo rival
and new VR headset

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 711 words


Google is holding an event in San Francisco today , where it is widely expected
to unveil its new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones .

There are already numerous leaks and rumours about the two smartphones, which
are expected to go head-to-head with Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus .

Google is also expected to use the event to unveil the Google Home speaker - its
answer to Amazon Echo , a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming device,
and possibly even its Daydream virtual reality headset.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

The event kicks off at 9am Pacific Standard Time - that's 5pm here in the UK.
You can watch a live stream of the event in the window above.

Here's everything we're expecting to see:

The Pixel will reportedly have a 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL will come in
at 5.5 inches. While some rumours suggest HTC will make both of the handsets,
others claim the smaller device will be made by LG.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

Both models are said to boast a quad-core Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM,
12-megapixel rear camera, 8-megapixel selfie camera, a rear-mounted fingerprint
reader and a USB Type-C port. There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of
internal storage.

Apart from size, the only thing to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will
be the battery. The Pixel XL will come with a very respectable 2,770mAh battery,
while the XL will boast a whopping 3,450mAh cell.

Both smartphones will come pre-installed with the latest version of Android,
nicknamed "Nougat" , which comes with Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the
FaceTime-style app Duo .

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google, the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android Nougat as closely as
possible.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Google Home connects to the internet and a range of smart devices from light
controls and thermostats to music streaming services to carry out scores of
tasks.

The speaker, which will come in a range of colours to match home decor, uses
artificial intelligence to learn about the user and get to know their needs,
likes and dislikes.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK , which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

Google is is expected to unveil a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Back in May, at its I/O developer conference in California, Google announced it
was working on a new Android-based virtual reality platform called Daydream .

The platform will be optimised to run on a number of Android smartphones -
including those from manufacturers like Samsung, Huawei and HTC - as well as
dedicated VR headsets.

At the time, Google also promised to release its own phone-powered headset "in
the autumn", and many are expecting it to make an appearance at Google's event
this evening.

According to rumours, the headset is likely to be similar to the cost of a
Samsung Gear VR headset (around £80) and come with a Bluetooth controller for an
additional £20-£30.

Google will release a VR-optimised version of its Play Store for Daydream, and
the company has struck some partnerships with media companies and others to
develop apps running this new VR platform.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

It's Not Great, but Android Fans Probably Won't Mind

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH FIX; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1348 words


Google's Pixel, the first smartphone to carry the search giant's brand name,
arrives in stores on Thursday in a lucky stroke of timing. For Google, at least.

This holiday season, all Google's new phone has to do to compete with those from
Samsung, the world's largest handset maker, is not burst into flames. That's
what recently happened to a bunch of Samsung Galaxy Note 7s, the higher-end
smartphones that use Google's Android software. The Note 7s have since been
recalled and Samsung has shut down the product entirely.

The absence of a major competing Android device works out especially well for
Google because the Pixel is, relatively speaking, mediocre. It is slower than
Apple's iPhone 7 and the Galaxy S7, Samsung's smaller flagship phone. Photos
shot with Pixel's camera don't look as good as the iPhone's. And Google's
built-in artificially intelligent virtual assistant, called Assistant, is still
fairly dumb.

But hey, the Pixel probably won't burn down your garage or injure a child. So if
you prefer Android and are already hooked on Google's suite of internet-powered
software, including its maps, photos, email and document-editing apps, then you
probably won't regret buying the Pixel.

Google said that it had optimized Pixel to be speedy, with real-world
applications that consumers could perceive, like making the touch screen feel
very responsive. It also said that it would improve its virtual assistant over
time and that photos taken with the Pixel look more natural.

In the United States, Google's Pixel will initially be available for Verizon
Wireless or Project Fi, Google's cheaper phone service. Like other high-end
phones, Pixel's starting price is about $650. Pixel comes in two different
screen sizes: five diagonal inches and 5.5 diagonal inches. Google provided the
5.5-inch model, Pixel XL, for testing.

After testing Pixel for five days, I concluded that although the device's
features are underwhelming, this is a good smartphone for Android fans. It does
a great job doing what Google designed it to do: Running Android in its purest
form, untainted by slipshod third-party apps. Better yet, this is an opportune
time to consider breaking up with your carrier and switching to Project Fi,
Google's phone service that costs as little as $30 a month.

Here's what stood out in my tests of Pixel:

Google's Still-Annoying Assistant

In a comparison of voice-controlled virtual assistants offered by Google, Apple,
Amazon and Microsoft last January, I determined that none were great, though
Google's was slightly ahead of the pack. Nine months later, the situation
remains largely the same: Artificially intelligent assistants still aren't that
smart.

And so it was with Google's supposedly new-and-improved virtual assistant,
called Assistant, on the Pixel. The search giant says the difference with
Assistant is that it is capable of ''two-way conversations.'' In plain English,
what Google means is you can make requests to Assistant and ask follow-up
questions, and Assistant might understand the context to respond appropriately.

Google offers this example: You can ask, ''Where is the Taj Mahal?'' and then
ask, ''How old is it?''

While that sounds compelling in theory, Assistant failed at responding fully to
many requests made with natural language. When I asked, ''What time is
'Westworld' on TV?'' Assistant displayed a web search result containing the
synopsis for the new sci-fi show. When I followed up with, ''So what time is it
on?'' Assistant told me the current time, which was 9:35 p.m.

From there on, Assistant continued to hit foul balls. When I said, ''book me a
table nearby,'' Assistant would try to book a table only at a restaurant called
Rich Table, and didn't list other options.

On the plus side, Assistant can handle a conversation about the weather. When I
asked for the weather and it said it was raining, I asked whether it would stop
raining this week. ''Rain is not expected this week in San Francisco,'' it said.
Better.

In its current state, attempting to accomplish complex tasks with Assistant on
Pixel will waste more time than it saves.

A Mediocre Camera

Like pretty much every handset maker, Google proclaims Pixel's camera to be the
best on the market. Its rear camera has a 12.3-megapixel sensor, similar to the
iPhone 7's 12-megapixel sensor. So I took photos with the Pixel and compared
them with shots taken with the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7.

All the cameras took clear, visually appealing photographs with rich details,
but there were major differences in color, even without any filters applied. The
photos taken with the Pixel looked colder -- they appeared to exaggerate cyans
and magentas. The ones taken with the iPhone looked more vivid, though they
appeared to slightly bump up yellows to make photos look warmer. The color in
pictures taken with the Samsung phone looked oversaturated and unnatural.

I decided to let a blind jury weigh in. My partner, a professional photographer,
took photos with each camera of a plant in a colorful vase in natural lighting.
She labeled each photograph A, B and C, and I sent the photos out to 30 people
and, without revealing which phone each letter corresponded with, asked them to
vote for their favorite. (Before reading the results below, take a look and make
your own vote.)

Photo A was taken with the Samsung phone, photo B with Google's Pixel, and photo
C with an iPhone 7. Out of 30 votes, 19 voted for the iPhone, eight voted for
the Pixel, and three voted for the Samsung phone. People seemed to gravitate
toward the warmer color profiles produced by the iPhone.

Comparisons With the Competition

Based on features alone, the Pixel is decent compared with Apple's iPhone 7 and
Samsung's Galaxy S7. Here are some highlights:

â-  What sets Pixel apart is its compatibility with Project Fi, Google's
experimental wireless service. You pay at least $30 a month for a package that
includes unlimited minutes and messages and 1 gigabyte of cellular data. You can
pay $10 more for each extra gigabyte of data or get reimbursed for the cellular
data you don't use.

The best part: In the United States, Project Fi relies on cell networks from
Sprint, T-Mobile and U.S. Cellular; Project Fi also works in more than 135
countries, and you pay the same rate no matter where you travel. In my review of
Project Fi this year, I found the service to be reliable and the overall package
to be a good, frugal option.

â-  The Pixel's fingerprint sensor, for unlocking the phone, is annoyingly on
the back of the device rather than on the face. So when you're on the go, you
will probably be using two hands -- one to hold the phone and the other to place
your fingerprint on the back -- to unlock the Pixel.

â-  In speed tests run with the mobile app Geekbench, the Pixel was about 20
percent slower than both the iPhone 7 and the Galaxy S7.

â-  The Pixel wasn't designed to be water-resistant though Google says it is
resistant to water sprays. The Galaxy S7 and the iPhone 7 survived a dive into a
pitcher of water.

â-  It's worth noting that the Pixel still has a headphone jack, which Apple
eliminated from its iPhones this year (though it turns out the iPhone's omission
of the jack was not a big deal).

The Bottom Line

Largely because Samsung, the king of Android phones, is in the penalty box, now
is a good time to consider trying something new, be it a different phone service
or a different operating system altogether.

Using Pixel with Project Fi may also end up saving you money: If you picked, for
example, a plan with two gigabytes of data, you'd pay $40 a month for cellphone
and data service that works all over the world. In contrast, Verizon charges $55
a month for a similar plan that doesn't include free international roaming.

If you are uninterested in Project Fi and are not deeply invested in Google's
ecosystem, there is another route: Try an iPhone. Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
outperformed the Pixel in every way in terms of hardware features.

And so far, to my knowledge, Apple phones haven't blown up.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/20/technology/personaltech/google-pixel
-review-assessing-the-new-smartphone.html

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Photo A was taken with a Galaxy S7, B with Pixel, and C with
iPhone 7. Top, the panoply of Google hardware, from left Google Wifi, Chromecast
Ultra, Google Home, Google Pixel XL, Google Pixel and Google Daydream VR.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY BECK DIEFENBACH/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              30 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                             Print & First Editions

Google Pixel chickens out on hatching bold new bot;
Digital life

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 896 words


Me: OK Google Pixel, are you the best Android phone of all time?

Google Pixel: Hmm ... I'm not sure.

Me: I'm not sure either.

Google Pixel: You and me both.

Certainty has never been one of Google's strong suits. Its apps can stay in
"beta", "don't-blame-us-if-this-doesn't-work" status for years after they've
been released to the public.

It's constantly tuning and tweaking its search results, so much so that the top
search results you see are often not Google's best guess, but its second-best
guess, which it's testing out just in case its best guess was wrong.

There's something about Google's first phone, the Pixel, that's a little
tentative, too. Its core feature, the Google Assistant artificial intelligence
bot I was talking to above (that's a real conversation), feels much like a beta.

Its bezel is too big and has too much wasted space, its fingerprint sensor is in
the wrong place ...

Me: OK Google Pixel, why is your fingerprint sensor on the back?

Pixel: Here's the result from search: The fingerprint sensor belongs on the
front of the smartphone ... and its battery life is unspectacular.

The Pixel's camera, on the other hand, is sensational, better than an iPhone
camera and often better than a Galaxy S7 camera (meaning it's somewhere in the
top two smartphone cameras on the market), the screen is top-notch, and it has
the smoothest, most pleasing implementation of Android we've ever seen.

It's actually a great Android phone, but you can't help wondering why Google
bothered getting into the smartphone business if it wasn't going to take the
smartphone some place new.

The Pixel might have represented a brash new direction in mobile phones, a
forward seven-somersault dive in the pike position, but instead it feels more
like Google has just waded into the shallow end with floaties on. It's a little
more chicken than it should be.

(Though that might be just as well. Samsung likes to attempt
5.0-degree-of-difficulty dives into the deep end of the pool and, wow, that
bellyflop is going to sting for years. But at least they tried. At least the
Note7 was arguably the greatest phone of all time while it was still airborne,
before it came crashing down to earth.)

There actually is an exciting new place that Google wants to go with the Pixel,
and that's to turn it into a meaningful personal assistant that can do more than
just answer useless questions about the meaning of life but can actually do
useful stuff for you like organise a car booking at the airport, and notify the
booking agency when your flight gets delayed. But the Pixel can't do anything
like that yet.

Me: OK Google Pixel, book me a car in Melbourne this afternoon.

Whenever you get a result like that, whenever the Pixel says "Here's the result
from search" or "Here's a Wikipedia result", it means the new-style artificial
intelligence bot in Google Assistant has basically got itself lost, and handed
control back to the old-style Google Now bot that you'll find in other Android
phones.

Me: Who is the Prime Minister of Australia?

Pixel: Malcolm Turnbull is the Prime Minister of Australia

Me: How old is he?

Pixel: He's 62 years old

Me: What party is he in?

Pixel: Liberal Party of Australia

Me: When was it founded?

Pixel: Liberal Party was founded August 31, 1945, in Australia

Me: How many members does it have?

Pixel: Here's the result from search ...

That's a slight improvement on what Google Now can do. Google Now's replies to
those questions contain the same answers, but the bot is not nearly as good at
honing in on the intent of the question, so its replies contain a lot of
extraneous information you didn't ask for, too. But it's a vast improvement on
Apple's Siri, which can get the first question right, but can't carry context
over between questions and so can't conduct a conversation the way Google
Assistant does.

Me: Hey Siri, who is the Prime Minister of Australia?

Siri: The answer is Malcolm Turnbull from the 15th of September 2015 to present.

Me: How old is he?

Siri: He from which team? He from Shanghai SIPG or Changchun Yatai?

Google Assistant is all about context. You can tell it the name of your
favourite restaurant, and then days later ask it to navigate you to your
favourite restaurant, and it will open up Google Maps with the correct
directions.

But its problem is, it doesn't have enough context yet. To really act like a
personal assistant, Google Assistant needs to get information from other apps on
your phone - it needs access to Airbnb for your accommodation, to TripIt for
your flights and to Uber for your ground transport - but it doesn't have it yet.

Me: Book me an Uber to my favourite cafe

Pixel: Here's a result from search: Uber: Sign Up to Drive ...

This gets to the nub of the Pixel's problem. Its bravest new feature needs
third-party app developers to climb on board and supply the context and the
means to take meaningful actions, and it seems Google has decided that the best
way to get them to do that is to create a phone to seed the market.

In a sense, the Pixel is more for them than it is for you and me. Does that mean
you shouldn't bother buying one until Google Assistant has started to realise
its potential? It depends on whether you like chickens or eggs.

Me: Which came first, the chicken or the egg?

Pixel: Two birds that weren't really chickens created an egg, and so we have an
answer: the egg came first, and then it hatched a chicken.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:10 PM GMT

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them;
Interested in picking up one of Google's anticipated new smartphones? This is
how much they are likely to cost you

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 594 words


Google has two brand spanking new phones set to be revealed at a special event
in San Francisco on October 4.

But thanks to some pretty comprehensive leaks, we already know exactly what to
expect for both the models.

That is, a pretty nice looking rounded design with a fingerprint scanner on the
back. Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours
about Google's new Android smartphones

Differences between the two phones come down to things like size, screen
resolution and battery power. The Pixel has a 5-inch, 1080p screen with a
2,770mAh battery whilst the Pixel XL offers a 5.5-inch, 1440p screen with a
3,450mAh battery.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

The one thing we haven't been told about is the price - so it requires a bit of
guesswork to figure out what the tech giant will charge you for its latest slice
of gadgety goodness.

The best-case scenario would be that the Pixel starts at £299 for the 32GB of
storage while the Pixel XL starts at £449 for the same 32GB model.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

That's the initial pricing for Google's current line-up, the Nexus 5X and 6P.
Some smartphone makers, notably Apple, bring new phones in at existing prices
and simply drop the cost of the older models.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

But Google's online store has both the Nexus phones listed as out of stock -
meaning it could just bring in the new phones at the existing price points.

Sadly, that's best-case. More likely is a marginal increase in price based on a
few different factors.

Firstly, Google has previously positioned its Pixel devices (Pixel C tablet and
Chromebook Pixel) as top-end models and increased the price.

Secondly, the company has reportedly stretched to top-spec designs that usually
include more expensive materials and finishes that again push the price up.

Google Pixel smartphone REVEALED as leaked image of new smartphone hits the web

And lastly, the trend for larger storage space (both the Pixel and XL are slated
to have a 128GB version) pushes the price up even further.

There's no hard-and-fast information on what the final pricing will be, but at a
guess, we'd say it's likely to be around £350/400 starting price for the Pixel
and £450/500 starting price for the XL.

Given that Carphone Warehouse accidentally released its promotional material a
day early, it's a pretty safe bet the high street chain is stocking the new
phones.

If you're looking to get the Pixel or XL SIM-free then Carphone Warehouse is a
good place to start looking.

Unlike Google's own online store , Carphone may be willing to tempt you in with
extra deals and incentives.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

If you plan to get the new Google phones on a contract, then it's a safe bet
that the top UK networks like EE, Three, Vodafone, O2 and Virgin Media will be
offering it.

In fact, a quick glance at EE's Twitter feed gives us a small clue.

The UK network has made a sly dig at Carphone Warehouse over leaking the details
of the Pixel.

We can take this as a given that the network probably has some pretty good deals
on the Pixel and Pixel XL lined up for tomorrow.

As soon as we know for sure, we'll update this article with more information.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Google Launches Pixel and Pixel XL Smartphones; Pre-Bookings on Flipkart Start
Oct 13 for Rs. 57,000 Onwards

BYLINE: Abhishek Joshi

LENGTH: 816  words


Google had been mulling to launch its own smartphones for the sake of uniformity
in Android and phones, and there were rumours that Google is replacing the Pixel
line-up with the Nexus line-up. Looks like Nexus line-up isn't dead, but won't
be active anytime soon either.

California-based tech giant has just unveiled the premium Pixel line-up at the
event on October 4. The two smartphones, named Pixel and Pixel XL will be
available in India exclusively on Flipkart and Reliance Digital stores.

The only difference between the two smartphones is the fact that Pixel comes in
a 5" display and a smaller battery, while Pixel XL comes in a larger display at
5.5" and a larger battery. These are the only two things different in the phone,
rest everything is the same. We can't stress over the fact that there is
literally no difference between the smartphones except these two features.

Google had been very outspoken about the fact that they want to get into the
hardware business as well and design their next phones completely in-house. So
the Pixel and Pixel XL you see are inside-out made by Google, without looking
out for a third-party smartphone manufacturer.

Google Pixel / Pixel XL Specifications

* Pixel comes with a 5" full HD display and Pixel XL comes with a 5.5" quad HD
display

* Android Nougat 7.1 out-of-the-box with in-built Google Assistant on tap

* A redesigned UI that has better animations, icons and a quick slide-up app
drawer

* Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset coupled with 4GB of RAM and 32GB/128GB of
onboard storage

* 12.3MP rear camera with a large 1.55 micron pixels and f/2.0 aperture, optical
image stabilization and 4K video capture

* USB Type-C port and a 3.5mm headphone jack

* 2,770 mAh battery on the Pixel, 3,450 mAh battery on the Pixel XL

The smartphone's design looks strikingly similar to that of the iPhones and
there are huge chins on both sides, making the phone look big. The rear now only
shows the Google logo with a 'G' instead of the Nexus logo at the back.

The smartphones will also come in some interesting new colours - Quite Black,
Very Silver and Really Blue. Only someone very passionate about Android will
purchase the Pixel or Pixel XL phones in blue colours, since the phones look
very flashy.

Google Pixel with 32GB and 128 storage options will be available at Rs 57,000
and Rs 66,000 respectively, while the Pixel XL phone will be available at Rs
67,000 and Rs 76,000 for the 32GB and 128GB options respectively.

Pixel might fail the test against other smartphones

Throughout the event on October 4, Google took a jab at Apple and their latest
product, the iPhone 7. Google advertised the headphone jack, the premium fit and
feel on the phone and the ease of transferring iOS data to Android through a
simple mechanism.

Even the colours, for that matter, have been named to mock the Apple
smartphones. Ironically, the phone looks very similar to Apple's phones and this
implies that Google has released this smartphone in jest.

The pricing of the phones is kept too premium, almost close to that of the
iPhones. However, a Rs. 10,000 increase to purchase a bigger phone with a bigger
battery is unjustified, and even the two iPhones have some distinctions and
still justify the price barrier.

Apple has always had its phones right at the top of the hierarchy in terms of
pricing and thus the iPhones became a status symbol. On the other hand, Google's
phones have always been budget-friendly smartphones, including the Nexus and the
Android One series, and it makes no sense for Google to price its phones so
high.

That being said, Google also might lose some loyal Android fans that have been
waiting for a phone similar to the Nexus 5X or the 6P, premium and yet not so
expensive. Not many phones can counter Apple in its territory and the Pixel
series might just fail the test of time.

Google's justification for the pricing

Google claims that the smartphones have a premium-feel to it, and they feel much
better to hold in hand that an iPhone. The phones have a semi-glossy back with
no camera bump that make it better to hold. The fingerprint reader is better and
faster and compares to that on the iPhones.

However, the biggest selling point for Google is the primary camera of the
phone. It says that the camera takes the best photographs on any smartphone yet,
and this is a big claim to make considering Samsung S7's camera beats that of
any other smartphone right now.

Even if you consider the Daydream VR headset and other gimmicks like live skins
and covers, the smartphone cannot justify the premium price-point. The Nexus
series had similar features and was priced significantly less than the Pixel
series.

Finally, OnePlus Three boasts of all premium specs and is one of the most
underrated smartphones. It offers top-of-the-line features at less than half the
price of its competitors and this is something large smartphone makers should
learn about.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 660 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Google has said that pre-orders for the phone will begin today (October 4) in
the US, UK, Australia, Germany and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 660 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Google has said that pre-orders for the phone will begin today (October 4) in
the US, UK, Australia, Germany and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Why Google Pixel smartphones are a bigger threat for Samsung than Apple iPhones;

Google pixel smartphones: more than Apple, analysts feel that it is Samsung that
has found a new reason to worry! The post Why Google Pixel smartphones are a
bigger threat for Samsung than Apple iPhones appeared first on The Financial
Express.

BYLINE: Smriti Jain

LENGTH: 742  words


Google Pixel, the company's 'Made by Google', smartphones range has finally been
unveiled and with the new devices, the company is all set to capture a decent
slice of the market share. That Apple iPhones will be the biggest competitors of
the Pixel smartphones, is an obvious conclusion, and one that gains merit after
seeing the price band in which Google will launch them and the features they
pack. But more than Apple, analysts feel that it is Samsung that has found a new
reason to worry! Google has launched the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones at a
time when Samsung is facing global trust deficit after it was forced to recall
its Galaxy Note 7 range. The latest offering from Samsung had a major battery
defect, leading to incidents of the smartphone catching fire. This is not to say
that Apple iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus won't feel the heat from Pixel
smartphones.

But, first let's look at the features that new Pixel phones come packed with.
The Pixel phones will be available in screen sizes of 5 and 5.5 inch (12.7 cm
and 14 cm). The hardware specifications of Google Pixel include; aluminum
unibody and polished glass combination, HD AMOLED display, Qualcomm Snapdragon
821 quad core 2*2.15 GHz/2*1.6 GHz processor, 4GB RAM, 12.3 MP rear camera and
an 8 MP front camera. The glass on the back features the Pixel Imprint, a
fingerprint sensor. The ships with the newest Android operating system, Android
7.1 Nougat. The phones will get software and security updates as soon as they're
available, directly from Google.

Google claims that the Pixel phones charge "very fast" and can run up to 7 hours
with just 15 minutes of charge. The smartphones come in three colours of Very
Silver, Quite Black and a limited edition for the US only, Really Blue. The
phones will come in variants of 32 GB and 128 GB. Google is also offering free
unlimited storage for original quality photos and videos at full resolution in
Google Photos. This last bit may actually help Google steal away some potential
buyers of iPhones. Says Peter Richardson, the Research Director for Tech
Strategies at Counterpoint Research, "Pixel looks to have a very good camera.
However the differentiator is the free, unlimited, cloud storage. Something
Apple cannot currently compete with."

According to Richardson, what sets the Pixel devices apart are the Google
Assistant, good camera and unlimited photos storage, and the inclusion of
Virtual Reality. "I do think Pixel will be a strong competitor for Apple's
iPhones, but is likely to be an even more formidable competitor for Samsung's
premium handsets. Apple is relatively secure in terms of market share among
existing users of iOS-based devices - that is existing iPhone users," Richardson
told FE Online. "However devices like Google's Pixel represents a new and, for
existing Android players, a frighteningly accomplished set of devices. Google is
not new to smartphone hardware - it's Nexus devices have always garnered a small
but enthusiastic following. With Pixel, Google is taking a deeper hold of the
design of the hardware. We believe the hardware integration and manufacturing is
being done by HTC in more of contract manufacturing role than it has played
before. Similar to how Foxconn manufactures for Apple," he added. "So in summary
- while Apple would be wise to take notice, Samsung should be deeply concerned -
especially after the unfortunate Galaxy Note 7 battery issue," he concludes.

Jan Dawson Analyst at Jackdaw Research told Reuters that a premium Android
strategy is "really a strategy to take market share from Samsung". "Obviously
Google doesn't want to explicitly compete with its own partners, but this
product is much more likely to compete with Samsung than Apple," Dawson said.

Brian Blau, Research VP at Gartner begs to differ. While acknowleding that the
Pixel phone is a 'great device', he said that Google's phone won't reach
significant market share. "The Pixel phone is certainly a great device and
should compete well against the other premium phones in terms of features,
except that Google's phone won't reach significant market share, which are
dominated by Samsung, Apple and a few Chinese handset makers. Having the
Assistant on the phones will help them, but ultimately Google needs an active
ecosystem of their own devices and technology, and they need both device
partners and app developers to turn their ecosystem into an even bigger value
proposition," he told FE Online.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1225 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

What time is Google's October 4 event 2016? Google Home release date, 4K
Chromecast and Pixel smartphones rumoured to be announced

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

A day before Google is set to unveil its new phone, Carphone Warehouse appears
to have let the entire cat out of the bag.

The retailer accidentally posted finished pictures of the new smartphone along
with details of some of its key features.

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

The unveiling for Google's new phones will happen on October 4th.

The video announcing the date (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal
search box slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a
typical smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:10 PM GMT

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event;
Watch the live stream of Google's event this evening, where it is widely
expected to announce its new Pixel handsets, as well as its Amazon Echo rival
and new VR headset

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 715 words


Google is holding an event in San Francisco today , where it is widely expected
to unveil its new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones .

There are already numerous leaks and rumours about the two smartphones, which
are expected to go head-to-head with Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus .

Google is also expected to use the event to unveil the Google Home speaker - its
answer to Amazon Echo , a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming device,
and possibly even its Daydream virtual reality headset.

What time is Google's October 4 event 2016? Google Home release date, 4K
Chromecast and Pixel smartphones rumoured to be announced

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

The event kicks off at 9am Pacific Standard Time - that's 5pm here in the UK.
You can watch a live stream of the event in the window above.

Here's everything we're expecting to see:

The Pixel will reportedly have a 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL will come in
at 5.5 inches. While some rumours suggest HTC will make both of the handsets,
others claim the smaller device will be made by LG.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

Both models are said to boast a quad-core Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM,
12-megapixel rear camera, 8-megapixel selfie camera, a rear-mounted fingerprint
reader and a USB Type-C port. There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of
internal storage.

Apart from size, the only thing to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will
be the battery. The Pixel XL will come with a very respectable 2,770mAh battery,
while the XL will boast a whopping 3,450mAh cell.

Both smartphones will come pre-installed with the latest version of Android,
nicknamed "Nougat" , which comes with Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the
FaceTime-style app Duo .

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google, the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android Nougat as closely as
possible.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Google Home connects to the internet and a range of smart devices from light
controls and thermostats to music streaming services to carry out scores of
tasks.

The speaker, which will come in a range of colours to match home decor, uses
artificial intelligence to learn about the user and get to know their needs,
likes and dislikes.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK , which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

Google is is expected to unveil a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Back in May, at its I/O developer conference in California, Google announced it
was working on a new Android-based virtual reality platform called Daydream .

The platform will be optimised to run on a number of Android smartphones -
including those from manufacturers like Samsung, Huawei and HTC - as well as
dedicated VR headsets.

At the time, Google also promised to release its own phone-powered headset "in
the autumn", and many are expecting it to make an appearance at Google's event
this evening.

According to rumours, the headset is likely to be similar to the cost of a
Samsung Gear VR headset (around £80) and come with a Bluetooth controller for an
additional £20-£30.

Google will release a VR-optimised version of its Play Store for Daydream, and
the company has struck some partnerships with media companies and others to
develop apps running this new VR platform.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything you need to
know about Google's new iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 673 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the name Nexus in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out".

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case, Android version 7 (nicknamed Nougat).

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Google has said that pre-orders for the phone will begin today (October 4) in
the US, UK, Australia, Germany and Canada.

The phone will ship to customers and be available in shops on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front).

There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and Google
is also offering Pixel owners free unlimited storage for photos and videos
through its Google Photos app.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it with the launch of the iPhone 7.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL has 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core Qualcomm
processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C port, and rear-facing fingerprint reade.

It has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

The regular Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships.

It will sport a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port.

Both Pixel phones come pre-installed with the latest version of Android
(Nougat), as well as Google's AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style
app Duo.

Google also "live cases" that can be customised with your favorite photos and
places, as well as exclusive designs from artists like Justin Maller, and
photographers like Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google-made Pixel smartphones announced: All you need to know

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 5 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Soon, it would be time to say goodbye to the Nexus brand of phones and welcome
Pixel phones. Google, on Tuesday, announced Pixel phones in an event in San
Franscisco.


 Google claims that the Pixel phone combines hardware and software made by
Google, including all your favorite Google apps, to bring you a fast, seamless,
and easy-to-use experience.
 Main features of Pixel phones that you need to know:
 The Pixel phones will come in two sizes-Pixel in 5" and Pixel XL in 5.5" size.
 Both have AMOLED screens, with 1080p resolution for the small one (441ppi) and
QHD for the big one (534ppi). Battery capacity is also different, 2,770mAh and
3,450mAh. A battery that lasts all day, and charges fast. Get up to 7 hours of
battery life in just 15 minutes.
 The phones sport Qualcomm supplied a revamped chipset, the Snapdragon 821,
Android 7.1 Nougat. Gogle boasts of highly superior camera performance on Pixel
with 12MP sensor, 1.55µm pixels, f/2.0 aperture. The phone also have Electronic
Image Stabilization.
 Google Pixel and Pixel XL also boast of large storag- 32GB (for those that use
Google Photos and Play Music) and 128GB (for those that prefer their data
offline).
 Both come with 4GB of RAM. The phones are loaded with Google services that
cover everything from messaging, through cloud services to AI assistants. The
phones will come with an in-built Google services like Google Home and Duo.
 Google phone can connect to a Google router and cast to a Google media player.
It has seamless glass-aluminum body, with smooth surfaces and easy-to-grip
curved edges. It unlocks fast as you would swipe down on the fingerprint sensor
for quick access to all your notifications.
 The phone will come in three colours: Quite Black, Really Blue, Very Silver.
 The phone is expected to be released for sale on October 30, starting at $649.
It will be available through a bunch of carriers and retailers.
 It is unclear when would it be available in India for sale. The price in India
is expected to be around Rs 57,000, and may give a tough fight to Apple's recent
launch iPhone 7

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Google Pixel, Pixel XL pre-orders now open on Flipkart

BYLINE: DNA Web Team

LENGTH: 269  words


The Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones are now available for pre-order on
Flipkart but, not all versions are listed on the website.

Google's much awaited Pixel smartphones are now up for pre-order via Flipkart.
Prices for the smartphone begin at Rs 57,000 and the company is offering an
offer where in you can buy the smartphone on up to Rs 27,000 off, on exchange.
Additionally, Flipkart is offering a ton of offers for those who pre-order the
smartphone.

At the time of writing, Flipkart listed the Google Pixel (Quite Black, 32GB) for
Rs 57,000 and the Google Pixel (Quite Black, 128GB) for Rs 66,000. The Google
Pixel XL (Quite Black, 128GB) is listed for Rs 76,000.

In addition, Flipkart has tied up with Axis Bank, Citibank, HDFC Bank and ICICI
Bank and a few others to offer 'No Cost EMIs' up to tenure of 18 months, and EMI
as low Rs 3,167 per month.

The Google Pixel features a 5-inch display while the Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch
screen. Both smartphones pack a quad-core Snapdragon 821 processor with 4GB RAM
and 32/128GB storage. It is said to have the "best ever" smartphone camera,
which is 12MP with an f/2.0 aperture. They have USB Type-C support, a
fingerprint scanner, 2770/3450mAh battery respectively.

The Pixel line ships with Android Nougat and has the latest Google Assistant
built in, meaning you can leverage the contextual searches and the entirety of
Google's services anywhere.

Google Pixel will also be Daydream ready, Google's own VR platform for
smartphones. With the additional hardware you'll not only be able to play VR
games, but also enjoy your movies and YouTube videos in virtual reality.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:56 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones finally revealed - can they compete with
the iPhone 7?;
The search giant unveiled two new handsets along with a virtual reality headset
at an event in San Francisco

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 541 words


The much-anticipated Google Pixel has been revealed by the US tech giant at an
exclusive event in San Francisco.

Widespread leaks had already taken much of the surprise out of the announcement,
but Google still made the most out of its answer to Apple's market-leading
iPhone.

The company's CEO Sundar Pichai launched the phones from the stage and was met
with plenty of applause.

Taking over from the Nexus brand, Pixel is a shift towards a more premium phone
that will compete with both the iPhone 7 and Samsung's popular Galaxy S7.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

As expected, Google revealed two different versions of the Pixel - a standard
5-inch model and a larger 5.5-inch version called the Pixel XL.

Inside the Pixel is a quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit processor, 4GB of RAM and a
non-removable 2,770mAh lithium ion battery. The phone comes with either 32GB or
128GB of storage.

The Pixel XL meanwhile has a 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM and a big 2,450mAh battery.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Both phones boast the same 12MP rear-facing camera and 8M front-facing one. And
what's more, in Google's own words, "there's no unsightly camera bump."

They both have fingerprint scanners on the back of the phone and the new USB-C
charging port on the bottom. And, unlike Apple, both phones come with 3.5mm
headphone ports.

One of the biggest benefits of the new Pixel phones is that they will ship with
the latest version of Android pre-installed. Also, when it comes to future
updates, Google's own phones tend to get their first compared with other Android
phone makers like Samsung or Sony.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Android "Nougat" is notable for a new AI-powered assistant called Allo and the
FaceTime-style video chat app called Duo.

If you're keen to ditch the iPhone and get hold of either of the Pixels then you
won't have to wait long as they're going to be available on October 20th.

However, it won't be cheap.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL 2016 release date expected at October 4 event;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - but
can they compete with the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 616 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting on October 4.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

According to reports, there will be two Pixel handsets unveiled on October 4.
The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL will come in at 5.5 inches.

The Pixel brand isn't new to Google. It is already attached to the company's
10.2-inch "supertablet", the Pixel C .

Google's teaser trailer was a simple one: A standard horizontal search box
slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

Although Google will have designed the new phones, many tech pundits are divided
over whether it will be made by another manufacturer or not.

Early rumours suggest that the Taiwanese manufacturer HTC was in line to create
both the Pixel and the Pixel XL. Last year, Google split development duties: the
Nexus 5X was built by LG whilst the larger Nexus 6P was crafted by Huawei.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

However, there's also the remote possibility that Google will look to
manufacturer its own phones for the first time.

As tech site The Verge points out, Apple's success has always been that it
controls every aspect of the iPhone's production. From design to development of
both hardware and software. As such, all the features work together smoothly.

Google Trips wants to help you plan your holiday and be your personal tour guide
abroad

Because of the popularity of the Android operating system, Google is in a unique
position to be able to do the same.

The aforementioned Pixel C was Google's first in-house tablet built specifically
for Android. The shift to a Pixel name for its new smartphones could mean the
tech giant is about to do things on its own.

Like the iPhone 7 before it was released, there have been plenty of leaks about
what the Pixel and Pixel XL will be like.

In fact, most of the specifications for the two new phones have already been
circulating around the internet.

Pirate Bay BLOCKED by Google Chrome as search giant makes it harder to access
illegal downloads

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power Google's latest
creations will be boasting.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

"It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

"As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port."

With these specs on board and a tight integration with the latest version of
Android, Google's new phones are set to mount a serious challenge to Apple's
crown.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

Google October 4 2016 event expected to release new Pixel and Pixel XL phones;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - but
can they compete with the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 616 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting on October 4.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

According to reports, there will be two Pixel handsets unveiled on October 4.
The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL will come in at 5.5 inches.

The Pixel brand isn't new to Google. It is already attached to the company's
10.2-inch "supertablet", the Pixel C .

Google's teaser trailer was a simple one: A standard horizontal search box
slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

Although Google will have designed the new phones, many tech pundits are divided
over whether it will be made by another manufacturer or not.

Early rumours suggest that the Taiwanese manufacturer HTC was in line to create
both the Pixel and the Pixel XL. Last year, Google split development duties: the
Nexus 5X was built by LG whilst the larger Nexus 6P was crafted by Huawei.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

However, there's also the remote possibility that Google will look to
manufacturer its own phones for the first time.

As tech site The Verge points out, Apple's success has always been that it
controls every aspect of the iPhone's production. From design to development of
both hardware and software. As such, all the features work together smoothly.

Google Trips wants to help you plan your holiday and be your personal tour guide
abroad

Because of the popularity of the Android operating system, Google is in a unique
position to be able to do the same.

The aforementioned Pixel C was Google's first in-house tablet built specifically
for Android. The shift to a Pixel name for its new smartphones could mean the
tech giant is about to do things on its own.

Like the iPhone 7 before it was released, there have been plenty of leaks about
what the Pixel and Pixel XL will be like.

In fact, most of the specifications for the two new phones have already been
circulating around the internet.

Pirate Bay BLOCKED by Google Chrome as search giant makes it harder to access
illegal downloads

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power Google's latest
creations will be boasting.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

"It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

"As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port."

With these specs on board and a tight integration with the latest version of
Android, Google's new phones are set to mount a serious challenge to Apple's
crown.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL 2016 release date expected at October 4 event;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - but
can they compete with the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 616 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting on October 4.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

According to reports, there will be two Pixel handsets unveiled on October 4.
The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL will come in at 5.5 inches.

The Pixel brand isn't new to Google. It is already attached to the company's
10.2-inch "supertablet", the Pixel C .

Google's teaser trailer was a simple one: A standard horizontal search box
slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

Although Google will have designed the new phones, many tech pundits are divided
over whether it will be made by another manufacturer or not.

Early rumours suggest that the Taiwanese manufacturer HTC was in line to create
both the Pixel and the Pixel XL. Last year, Google split development duties: the
Nexus 5X was built by LG whilst the larger Nexus 6P was crafted by Huawei.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

However, there's also the remote possibility that Google will look to
manufacturer its own phones for the first time.

As tech site The Verge points out, Apple's success has always been that it
controls every aspect of the iPhone's production. From design to development of
both hardware and software. As such, all the features work together smoothly.

Google Trips wants to help you plan your holiday and be your personal tour guide
abroad

Because of the popularity of the Android operating system, Google is in a unique
position to be able to do the same.

The aforementioned Pixel C was Google's first in-house tablet built specifically
for Android. The shift to a Pixel name for its new smartphones could mean the
tech giant is about to do things on its own.

Like the iPhone 7 before it was released, there have been plenty of leaks about
what the Pixel and Pixel XL will be like.

In fact, most of the specifications for the two new phones have already been
circulating around the internet.

Pirate Bay BLOCKED by Google Chrome as search giant makes it harder to access
illegal downloads

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power Google's latest
creations will be boasting.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

"It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

"As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port."

With these specs on board and a tight integration with the latest version of
Android, Google's new phones are set to mount a serious challenge to Apple's
crown.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

Google October 4 2016 event expected to see release of new Pixel and Pixel XL
phones;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - but
can they compete with the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 616 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting on October 4.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

According to reports, there will be two Pixel handsets unveiled on October 4.
The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL will come in at 5.5 inches.

The Pixel brand isn't new to Google. It is already attached to the company's
10.2-inch "supertablet", the Pixel C .

Google's teaser trailer was a simple one: A standard horizontal search box
slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

Although Google will have designed the new phones, many tech pundits are divided
over whether it will be made by another manufacturer or not.

Early rumours suggest that the Taiwanese manufacturer HTC was in line to create
both the Pixel and the Pixel XL. Last year, Google split development duties: the
Nexus 5X was built by LG whilst the larger Nexus 6P was crafted by Huawei.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

However, there's also the remote possibility that Google will look to
manufacturer its own phones for the first time.

As tech site The Verge points out, Apple's success has always been that it
controls every aspect of the iPhone's production. From design to development of
both hardware and software. As such, all the features work together smoothly.

Google Trips wants to help you plan your holiday and be your personal tour guide
abroad

Because of the popularity of the Android operating system, Google is in a unique
position to be able to do the same.

The aforementioned Pixel C was Google's first in-house tablet built specifically
for Android. The shift to a Pixel name for its new smartphones could mean the
tech giant is about to do things on its own.

Like the iPhone 7 before it was released, there have been plenty of leaks about
what the Pixel and Pixel XL will be like.

In fact, most of the specifications for the two new phones have already been
circulating around the internet.

Pirate Bay BLOCKED by Google Chrome as search giant makes it harder to access
illegal downloads

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power Google's latest
creations will be boasting.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

"It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery.

"As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a USB
Type-C port."

With these specs on board and a tight integration with the latest version of
Android, Google's new phones are set to mount a serious challenge to Apple's
crown.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything we know about
Google's iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 567 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the Nexus brand in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out."

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case - Android version 7.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Google has said that pre-orders for the phone will begin today (October 4) in
the US, UK, Australia, Germany and Canada.

The phone will physically be available on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Google will be offering unlimited amounts of photo storage through its Google
Photos app.

And the latest version of Android (Nougat) is preinstalled - it comes Google's
AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Gizmo Guy: Google's Pixel: Great battery life, connectivity, and it doesn't
explode

BYLINE: By Jonathan Takiff; Inquirer Technology Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz Technology; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 870 words


The timing of the new Google Pixel phones debut is so apt it seems like an
orchestrated plot.

Hitting Verizon Wireless stores Thursday, the Pixels are popping out of the
bushes barely a week after Samsung pulled its flagship, overheating Galaxy Note
7 from the market, leaving lovers of Samsung phones and their (Google-crafted)
Android operating system feeling vulnerable and open to the option of changing
horses mid-stream.

So what are the first review assessments of the Pixel? All over the map. At the
extremes, the New York Times' Brian X. Chen has slammed the Pixel as "mediocre"
while the Telegraph of London has hailed it "a worthy Android rival to the
iPhone."

There isn't even a clear consensus on Google's history in the phone business.

"We've waited a long time for a Google phone," declared that hyped-up Telegraph
writer, James Titcomb, ignoring that Google has been marketing phones under the
Nexus brand name since January 2010.

Venture Beat's Emil Protalinski called the Pixel "the first phone that Google
has designed inside and out." However, other writers have cited HTC as a partner
on this project, just as it was on the original Nexus One.

But plow through enough reviews for the Nexus 7, er, 5-inch Google Pixel and 5.5
inch-Pixel XL, and some cream rises to the top. Or curdles.

Get your charge on. If there's one thing everybody likes about the Pixel, it's
the 22-26 hour talk/music playing/texting time available between battery
charges. That's almost double the 14-hour run time of the iPhone 7 (to Apple's
abiding shame) and a few hours more than you get with a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.
Reviewers also froth about the superfast recharger option for the Pixel's
battery, adding 7 hours of run time after just 15 minutes on the cradle. But no
one has asked if that revved-up recharging process might cause the lithium ion
battery to fail prematurely. Ask again, in six months.

Screen quality. Those who've merely inspected the Pixel's OLED screens indoors
call them color and contrast knockouts, with the Pixel XL's "Quad HD" screen
(2560x1440 pixel resolution) making it an especially good partner for the new
Daydream View VR goggles and software Google will be pushing shortly. Outdoors
under a bright sun, organic light emitting diode screens don't perform as well.

Google assistant. Depending on who and what you ask, Google's newly upgraded,
voice-activated Artificial Intelligent tool is either far better than Apple's
Siri or a shocking disappointment. Google claims its ability to search for
answers and build a profile on users is unmatchable. Wired's Victoria Woollaston
writes Google Assistant helps make the Pixel XL a "must buy for Android fans . .
. the way [it] uses context to answer questions is quite astonishing." On the
other hand, Chen scoffed that Assistant couldn't even find the TV show Westworld
. Camera skills. At its U.S. introduction, Google pulled out a study that
characterized the Pixel's 12.3 MP rear camera and 8 MP front camera the best in
the biz. And CNET has affirmed it "takes awesome pictures." But other reviewers
who've bothered to compare shots have found cameras with similar specs in the
iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 Edge to be of equal or better merit - with the iPhone 7
notably superior on close-ups and color accuracy. Pixel's flash shots scored
best.

Ease of setup. Pixel smartphones carry internal software and a "quick switch
adapter" cable for easily moving stuff (contacts, messages, calendars, music,
photos) from your old phone (iOS or Android) to the newbie. Several reviewers
have been impressed by this - and by Google's offer of "unlimited" cloud storage
space for your photos and videos on Google Photos. But for safety's sake, a
Pixel adopter should always back up everything on your old phone to a computer,
first. And be aware that the "smart storage" feature in Google Photos may then
remove older backed-up photos and videos "when you run out of space." Sure
sounds like a contradiction of the "unlimited" storage promise.

Cheap connections. Google Pixel buyers can jump to the head of the line to sign
up for Project Fi, Google's new and dirt-cheap high-speed phone service,
previously available only to Nexus phone owners. The alternative keeps the
monthly bill at $30 by shifting your calls on-the-fly between Wi-Fi networks
(where available) and one of three partner service providers: Sprint, T-Mobile
and US Cellular. Chen is high on the option, says the tech works great in his
neck of the woods (San Francisco). But our recent attempt to conduct an
interview with a Project Fi-connected mobile caller in Manhattan proved a
stuttering, frustrating, "can you hear me now?" (no!) disaster.

takiffj@phillynews.com

215-854-5960 @JTakiff

Samsung's ditching of flagship phone portends Android turf war

http://www.philly.com/philly/wires/reuters/business/technology/20161012_Reuters_
Report_tagreuterscom2016newsmlKCN12C06Y_Samsung_s_ditching_of_flagship_phone_por
tends_Android_turf_war.html

Note 7 fiasco could burn a $17 billion hole in Samsung accounts

http://www.philly.com/philly/wires/reuters/business/technology/20161011_Reuters_
Report_tagreuterscom2016newsmlKCN12B0FX_Note_7_fiasco_could_burn_a__17_billion_h
ole_in_Samsung_accounts.html

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: RAMIN TALAIE / Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday
                             Sunday Bulldog Edition

Not much new but a smart buy

BYLINE: Anick Jesdanun

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 898  words



HIGHLIGHT: Sabrina Ellis, Google's director of product management, discusses the
Pixel phone during a product event this month.Eric Risberg/AP


NEW YORK  - Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot
that's new. Yet, it's still one of the best out there.

Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung
and other phone makers and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones -
starting at about $650 for the regular 5-inch model and $770 for the 5.5-inch
"XL" edition. Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best Buy and
Google's online store.

I tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features except
for its smaller display and battery - still enough for 13 hours of internet use,
according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and a strong voice
assistant that promises to get smarter - all without the bloat common with other
Android phones.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy  Note 7.

The camera

The Pixel's image quality is superb - though purists may quibble. Colors in some
shots look too strong and clean to me, thanks to software processing intended to
reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to some extent).

But automation pays off in another way: The Pixel will automatically combine
successive shots into an animated GIF file, offering a fun way to share a
toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video, the Pixel's stabilization
technology compensates for shaky hands and other movement, matching what the
iPhone and Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double-tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, just double twist the phone like a door knob
- a feature Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Low-light images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7. But differences are small, and the
Pixel does better than typical smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in
extreme close-ups, such as shooting a flower petal or a small bug; photos were
typically blurry. The Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front
flash or control over the focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical
distances for selfies.

The assistant

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa features.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences - say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius - and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar Assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. It will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays. Assistant
waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now. Google says Assistant will eventually
get the Google Now functionality.

Other features

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home or launching the selfie camera. It's similar to the iPhone's
3D Touch.

The Pixel also offers Night Light, a feature that tints your screen amber by
filtering out blue light that might keep you up at night. Apple calls it Night
Shift.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels. The free offer will make a difference for those who take video in
ultra-sharp 4K  resolution, but the default setting is lower, at 1080p, which is
already free at Google Photos.

What's missing

The Pixel will be OK if you spray it with water, but don't drop it in the pool.
You also can't expand its storage with a memory card, as you can with the S7 and
Note 7 - though for $100 more, the Pixel's 32 gigabytes of storage quadruples to
128 gigabytes, and the free online storage should take care of your photos and
videos.

Those looking for a Note 7 replacement will find the Pixel missing a stylus. If
you're an iPhone user, you'll have to brace yourself for the switch to Android,
which would entail buying new apps and learning new ways to navigate.

The switch

Google tries to make it easy to switch. The phone comes with a transfer cable,
and the setup process walks you through transferring photos, music and video, as
long as it's not encrypted.

But apps won't switch over from iPhones; you need to buy them again.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

GOOGLE'S PIXEL STANDS UP TO APPLE, SAMSUNG Offers blend of other phones' best
features at iPhone prices

BYLINE: Anick Jesdanun Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 014

LENGTH: 926 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK  - Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot
that's new. Yet it's still one of the best out there.

Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung
and other phone makers and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones -
starting at about $650 for the regular, 5-inch model and $770 for the 5.5-inch
"XL" edition. Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best Buy and
Google's online store.

I tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features except
for its smaller display and battery - still enough for 13 hours of internet use,
according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and a strong voice
assistant that promises to get smarter - all without the bloat common with other
Android phones.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7.

THE CAMERA

The Pixel's image quality is superb - though purists may quibble. Colors in some
shots look too strong and clean to me, thanks to software processing intended to
reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to some extent).

But automation pays off in another way: The Pixel will automatically combine
successive shots into an animated "GIF" file, offering a fun way to share a
toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video, the Pixel's stabilization
technology compensates for shaky hands and other movement, matching what the
iPhone and Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, just double twist the phone like a door knob
- a feature Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Low-light images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (which has the same camera as the Note
7). But differences are small, and the Pixel does better than typical
smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in extreme close-ups, such as
shooting a flower petal or a small bug; photos were typically blurry. The
Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front flash or control over the
focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical distances for selfies.

THE ASSISTANT

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa features.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences - say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius - and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. It will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays. Assistant
waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now back. Google says Assistant will
eventually get the Google Now functionality.

OTHER FEATURES

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home or launching the selfie camera. It's similar to the iPhone's
3D Touch. The Pixel also offers "Night Light," a feature that tints your screen
amber by filtering out blue light that might keep you up at night. Apple calls
it Night Shift.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels. The free offer will make a difference for those who take video in
ultrasharp "4k" resolution, but the default setting is lower, at 1080p, which is
already free at Google Photos.

WHAT'S MISSING

The Pixel will be OK if you spray it with water, but don't drop it in the pool.
You also can't expand its storage with a memory card, as you can with the S7 and
Note 7 - though for $100 more, the Pixel's 32 gigabytes of storage quadruples to
128 gigabytes, and the free online storage should take care of your photos and
videos. The battery isn't removable, though that's true for most phones these
days.

Those looking for a Note 7 replacement will find the Pixel missing a stylus. If
you're an iPhone user, you'll have to brace yourself for the switch to Android,
which would entail buying new apps and learning new ways to navigate.

MAKING THE SWITCH

Google tries to make it easy to switch. The phone comes with a transfer cable,
and the setup process walks you through transferring photos, music and video, as
long as they're  not encrypted (so scratch iTunes video). But apps won't switch
over from iPhones; you need to buy them again.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              50 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Google's Pixel phone: Not much new, still a standout

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 909 words


NEW YORK * Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot
that's new. Yet it's still one of the best out there.

Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung
and other phones and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones - starting at
about $650 for the regular, 5-inch model and $770 for the 5.5-inch "XL" edition.
Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best Buy and Google's online
store.

I tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features except
for its smaller display and battery - still enough for 13 hours of internet use,
according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and a strong voice
assistant that promises to get smarter.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe ;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 .

The camera

The Pixel's image quality is superb - though purists may quibble. Colors in some
shots look too strong and clean to me, thanks to software processing intended to
reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to some extent).

But automation pays off in another way: The Pixel will automatically combine
successive shots into an animated "GIF" file, offering a fun way to share a
toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video, the Pixel's stabilization
technology compensates for shaky hands and other movement, matching what the
iPhone and Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, just double twist the phone like a door knob
- a feature Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Low-light images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (which has the same camera as the Note
7). But differences are small, and the Pixel does better than typical
smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in extreme close-ups, such as
shooting a flower petal or a small bug; photos were typically blurry. The
Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front flash or control over the
focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical distances for selfies.

The assistant

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa features.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences - say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius - and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar Assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. It will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays. Assistant
waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now back. Google says Assistant will
eventually get the Google Now functionality.

Other features

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home or launching the selfie camera. It's similar to the iPhone's
3D Touch. The Pixel also offers "Night Light," a feature that tints your screen
amber by filtering out blue light that might keep you up at night. Apple calls
it Night Shift.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels. The free offer will make a difference for those who take video in
ultra-sharp "4k" resolution, but the default setting is lower, at 1080p, which
is already free at Google Photos.

What's missing

The Pixel will be OK if you spray it with water, but don't drop it in the pool.
You also can't expand its storage with a memory card, as you can with the S7 and
Note 7 - though for $100 more, the Pixel's 32 gigabytes of storage quadruples to
128 gigabytes, and the free online storage should take care of your photos and
videos. The battery isn't removable, though that's true for most phones these
days.

Those looking for a Note 7 replacement will find the Pixel missing a stylus. If
you're an iPhone user, you'll have to brace yourself for the switch to Android,
which would entail buying new apps and learning new ways to navigate.

Making the switch

Google tries to make it easy to switch. The phone comes with a transfer cable,
and the set-up process walks you through transferring photos, music and video,
as long as it's not encrypted (so scratch iTunes video). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     October 20, 2016 Thursday 11:08 AM GMT

Google Pixel goes on UK sale TODAY - here's how to get one and how much it'll
cost;
Google's premium phone is finally on sale in the UK and has two different models
to choose from

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 482 words


The Google Pixel is the Android answer to the iPhone 7 and, after weeks of
waiting, it's now available to buy in the UK.

The bad news is it's expensive: Buying directly from Google or Carphone
Warehouse means you can pick up the phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off
price of £599 for the 5-inch version and £719 for the 5.5-inch one.

That's if you decide to go with 32GB of storage. If you opt for 128GB you're
looking at £699 for the Pixel and £819 for the Pixel XL.

Google Pixel storage: How much space do you REALLY get on the new 32GB
smartphone?

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones

You might be swayed by some of the positive reviews that have analysed the phone
since it was announced earlier this month.

We said that: "For Android purists, the Google Pixel is the best phone you can
buy - even if it costs the same as Apple's high priced iPhone 7." And you can
read the full review right here .

You can buy the phone directly through the Google Store, or you can choose to
buy it through the high street Carphone Warehouse chain . Carphone is selling it
on a couple of different networks, but you can also buy an unlocked SIM-free
version.

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK

Alternatively, if you'd rather buy it through a contract then EE is the best
option as it is the exclusive direct network partner for the Pixel.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

Google Pixel vs OnePlus 3: Which is the best Android phone to buy in 2016?

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

To celebrate the launch, the network dropped a giant Google Maps pin at Marble
Arch in London. It's taller than a double decker bus and nearly 700 times bigger
than the Google pin that appears on your phone screen.

The Pixel comes in two sizes: 5-inch and 5.5-inch. Both phones are exactly the
same when it comes to power, software and cameras.

Kodak launches smartphone for photographers - can it compete with the likes of
Apple and Samsung?

The difference is that the larger Pixel XL has a slightly bigger battery and a
better screen resolution. But it's also more expensive and not good if you've
got smaller hands.

Both phones come in a choice of either white ("Very Silver") or black ("Quite
Black").

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Google's Pixel phone: Not much new, but still a standout

BYLINE: Anick Jesdanun; The Associated Press

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 747 words

ABSTRACT

Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot that's new _
but it's still one of the best out there

FULL TEXT

NEW YORK >> Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot
that's new. Yet it's still one of the best out there.

Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung
and other phones and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones - starting at
about $650 for the regular, 5-inch model and $770 for the 5.5-inch "XL" edition.
Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best Buy and Google's online
store. I tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features
except for its smaller display and battery - still enough for 13 hours of
internet use, according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and
a strong voice assistant that promises to get smarter.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe ;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 .

The camera

The Pixel's image quality is superb - though purists may quibble. Colors in some
shots look too strong and clean to me, thanks to software processing intended to
reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to some extent).

But automation pays off in another way: The Pixel will automatically combine
successive shots into an animated "GIF" file, offering a fun way to share a
toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video, the Pixel's stabilization
technology compensates for shaky hands and other movement, matching what the
iPhone and Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, just double twist the phone like a door knob
- a feature Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Low-light images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (which has the same camera as the Note
7). But differences are small, and the Pixel does better than typical
smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in extreme close-ups, such as
shooting a flower petal or a small bug; photos were typically blurry. The
Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front flash or control over the
focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical distances for selfies.

The Assistant

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa features.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences - say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius - and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar Assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. It will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays. Assistant
waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now back. Google says Assistant will
eventually get the Google Now functionality.

Other features

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home or launching the selfie camera. It's similar to the iPhone's
3D Touch. The Pixel also offers "Night Light," a feature that tints your screen
amber by filtering out blue light that might keep you up at night. Apple calls
it Night Shift.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

TECHNOLOGY;
Pixel is not a pioneer, but it still stands out

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 891 words


Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot that's new.
Yet it's still one of the best out there.

Alphabet Inc.'s Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from
Apple, Samsung and other phones and offering them at prices comparable to
iPhones -- starting at about $650 for the regular, 5-inch model and $770 for the
5.5-inch "XL" edition. Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best
Buy and Google's online store.

We tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features except
for its smaller display and battery -- still enough for 13 hours of Internet
use, according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and a strong
voice assistant that promises to get smarter.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7.

--

The camera

The Pixel's image quality is superb -- though purists may quibble. Colors in
some shots look too strong and clean, thanks to software processing intended to
reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to some extent).

But the Pixel will automatically combine successive shots into an animated GIF
file, offering a fun way to share a toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video,
the Pixel's stabilization technology compensates for shaky hands and other
movement, matching what the iPhone and Samsung Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, double twist the phone like a door knob -- a
feature that Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Low-light images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (which has the same camera as the Note
7). But differences are small, and the Pixel does better than typical
smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in extreme close-ups; those photos
were typically blurry. The Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front
flash or control over the focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical
distances for selfies.

--

The assistant

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences -- say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius -- and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar Assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. Google Now will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays.
Assistant waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now back. Google says Assistant will
eventually get the Google Now functionality.

--

Other features

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home. It's similar to the iPhone's 3D Touch. The Pixel also offers
Night Light, a feature that tints your screen amber by filtering out blue light
that might keep you up at night.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels. The free offer will make a difference for those who take video in
ultra-sharp 4k resolution, but the default setting is lower, at 1080p, which is
already free at Google Photos.

--

What's missing

The Pixel will be OK if you spray it with water, but don't drop it in the pool.
You also can't add a memory card, as you can with the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Note
7 -- though for $100 more, the Pixel's 32 gigabytes of storage quadruples to 128
gigabytes, and the free online storage should take care of your photos and
videos. The battery isn't removable, though that's true for most phones these
days.

Those looking for a Note 7 replacement will find the Pixel missing a stylus. If
you're an iPhone user, you'll have to brace yourself for the switch to Android,
which would entail buying new apps and learning new ways to navigate.

--

Making the switch

Google tries to make it easy to switch. The phone comes with a transfer cable,
and the setup process walks you through transferring photos, music and video, as
long as it's not encrypted (so scratch iTunes video). But apps won't switch over
from iPhones; you need to buy them again.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE PIXEL isn't quite an iPhone replacement, but it might pose a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. Above, the phone at a Google event Oct. 4.
PHOTOGRAPHER:John G. Mabanglo European Pressphoto Agency

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Leaked images reveal specifications of Google Pixel and Pixel XL

BYLINE: DNA WEB TEAM

LENGTH: 328  words


The Pixel smartphones are expected to be unveiled at Google's October 4th event.

New images have leaked from British mobile phone retailer, Carphone Warehouse
reveals specifications of the long-awaited Pixel smartphones from Google. The
devices are expected to be announced at Google's October 4th event.

The images seem to be product shots taken by Google. According to the images,
the search giant will unveil at least two smartphones -- Pixel and Pixel XL --
at the event.

The first image gives a comprehensive side by side look of the phones with a
tagline that reads "introducing Pixel phone by Google"

The image also confirms that the devices will be available in two sizes,
accessibility to Google personal assistant, Google Duo, Google Allo, Google
designer cases and USB Type-C Charger which Google says will give seven hours of
battery life with 15 minutes of charging.

Perhaps the most intriguing feature is the unlimited storage of photos and
videos in full resolution in Google Photos.

The phones also seem to have a 3.5mm audio jack located at the top of the
smartphone and fingerprint scanner placed at the back.

The Pixel smartphones are expected to be launched sporting an AMOLED display
with Gorilla Glass 4. The standard Pixel should have a 5-inch display with 1080
resolution while the Pixel XL will reportedly be equipped with a 5.5-inch screen
with a 1440p resolution.

Other specifications include 4GB RAM, 32GB or 128GB of inbuilt storage
(expandable via microSD,) Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 clocked at 2.15GHz, Android
7.1, nanoSIM slots, 8-megapixel front camera and 12-megapixel rear camera and a
2770mAh battery (Pixel) and a 3450mAh battery (Pixel XL).

The listings very similar to previous rumours of the devices.

If accurate, these are the most detailed look of the devices that we can expect
to get before the actual event. However, everything is still subject to change
until the smartphones are unveiled.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Leaked images reveal specifications of Google Pixel and Pixel XL

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 328  words


The Pixel smartphones are expected to be unveiled at Google's October 4th event.

New images have leaked from British mobile phone retailer, Carphone Warehouse
reveals specifications of the long-awaited Pixel smartphones from Google. The
devices are expected to be announced at Google's October 4th event.

The images seem to be product shots taken by Google. According to the images,
the search giant will unveil at least two smartphones -- Pixel and Pixel XL --
at the event.

The first image gives a comprehensive side by side look of the phones with a
tagline that reads "introducing Pixel phone by Google"

The image also confirms that the devices will be available in two sizes,
accessibility to Google personal assistant, Google Duo, Google Allo, Google
designer cases and USB Type-C Charger which Google says will give seven hours of
battery life with 15 minutes of charging.

Perhaps the most intriguing feature is the unlimited storage of photos and
videos in full resolution in Google Photos.

The phones also seem to have a 3.5mm audio jack located at the top of the
smartphone and fingerprint scanner placed at the back.

The Pixel smartphones are expected to be launched sporting an AMOLED display
with Gorilla Glass 4. The standard Pixel should have a 5-inch display with 1080
resolution while the Pixel XL will reportedly be equipped with a 5.5-inch screen
with a 1440p resolution.

Other specifications include 4GB RAM, 32GB or 128GB of inbuilt storage
(expandable via microSD,) Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 clocked at 2.15GHz, Android
7.1, nanoSIM slots, 8-megapixel front camera and 12-megapixel rear camera and a
2770mAh battery (Pixel) and a 3450mAh battery (Pixel XL).

The listings very similar to previous rumours of the devices.

If accurate, these are the most detailed look of the devices that we can expect
to get before the actual event. However, everything is still subject to change
until the smartphones are unveiled.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     October 20, 2016 Thursday 11:08 AM GMT

Google Pixel goes on UK sale TODAY - Best UK deals and tariff prices on EE,
Vodafone, O2 and Carphone Warehouse;
Google's premium phone is finally on sale in the UK and has two different models
to choose from

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 485 words


The Google Pixel is the Android answer to the iPhone 7 and, after weeks of
waiting, it's now available to buy in the UK.

The bad news is it's expensive: Buying directly from Google or Carphone
Warehouse means you can pick up the phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off
price of £599 for the 5-inch version and £719 for the 5.5-inch one.

That's if you decide to go with 32GB of storage. If you opt for 128GB you're
looking at £699 for the Pixel and £819 for the Pixel XL.

Google Pixel storage: How much space do you REALLY get on the new 32GB
smartphone?

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones

You might be swayed by some of the positive reviews that have analysed the phone
since it was announced earlier this month.

We said that: "For Android purists, the Google Pixel is the best phone you can
buy - even if it costs the same as Apple's high priced iPhone 7." And you can
read the full review right here .

You can buy the phone directly through the Google Store, or you can choose to
buy it through the high street Carphone Warehouse chain .

Carphone is selling it on a couple of different networks like Vodafone and O2,
but you can also buy an unlocked SIM-free version.

How much does the Google Pixel and Pixel XL cost? How to get hold of the new
phones in UK

Alternatively, if you'd rather buy it through a contract then EE is the best
option as it is the exclusive direct network partner for the Pixel.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

Google Pixel vs OnePlus 3: Which is the best Android phone to buy in 2016?

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

To celebrate the launch, the network dropped a giant Google Maps pin at Marble
Arch in London. It's taller than a double decker bus and nearly 700 times bigger
than the Google pin that appears on your phone screen.

The Pixel comes in two sizes: 5-inch and 5.5-inch. Both phones are exactly the
same when it comes to power, software and cameras.

Kodak launches smartphone for photographers - can it compete with the likes of
Apple and Samsung?

The difference is that the larger Pixel XL has a slightly bigger battery and a
better screen resolution. But it's also more expensive and not good if you've
got smaller hands.

Both phones come in a choice of either white ("Very Silver") or black ("Quite
Black").

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 9:27 PM GMT

Google Pixel smartphone launched to take on Apple's iPhone;
Search company unveils first own-brand phone with 12 megapixel cameras and
unlimited photo storage, pitting it directly against Apple Google Pixel phone
launch - as it happenedGoogle launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of
Home

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1159 words


Google has launched two own-brand smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, in a bid
to take on Apple and its iPhone 7 head on.

The two Android smartphones are the first to carry Google's branding without
being associated with another manufacturer and are a clear mark in the sand by
the Android-maker: the fight with Apple is now on for the top premium
smartphone.

Google even went as far as to reference Apple on stage, showing a "storage full"
message from an iPhone, something it said the Pixel would avoid with unlimited
full resolution backups of photos and videos using Google Photos' cloud storage.

Burn. Unlimited full res photo and video (4K included) backup on Google Pixel.
No more storage full alerts. Apple. pic.twitter.com/2yICubIVLQ - Samuel Gibbs
(@SamuelGibbs) October 4, 2016

James Nugent, product manager for Pixel, said: "We're putting a stake in the
ground for the Android ecosystem in terms of what we think is the best from both
the software and hardware point of view, which has been developed and made by
Google."

The Google phones come in two sizes with either a 5in or a 5.5in screen, have
the latest processor the Snapdragon 821 from industry leader Qualcomm, aluminium
bodies and the next version of Android 7.1 Nougat.

The Pixel smartphones also have 12 megapixel cameras with large 1.55 micrometre
pixels for boosted low light performance on the back, which were awarded a
rating of 89 by camera analysts DxOMark, making it the highest ranked smartphone
camera to date, beating both Apple's iPhone 7 with 87 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge
with 88.

For Google, however, the most important part of the Pixel phones is the new
Google Assistant, which replaces Google Now and Google voice search previously
available to other Android smartphones with a new integrated smart assistant.

Nugent said: "This is the first device with Google Assistant, a conversational,
contextually aware assistant that will help you through you day. You can talk to
it, ask it various questions and it will provide a consistent experience
throughout, as well as prompting you with information when it thinks its
relevant."

Ana Corrales, vice president of global operations and Google Store, said: "We're
leveraging 18 years of search and evolving it into an assistant powered by
machine learning and artificial intelligence that we believe will be the next
wave of computing for the next 10 years or so and it will get better and better
as people use it."

Google Assistant will be available through the familiar "OK Google" hotword,
which can be said at any time, and a long press of the Pixel's home button. But
the Assistant access through the Pixel is just one of a new roster of devices
Google is pushing, including a new Amazon Echo-like speaker, Google Home, and
future products including tablets and smartwatches.

Assistant will be able to answer questions, perform actions and help get things
done through voice and text, learning your preferences and habits over time and
pulling information from all of Google's disparate services. Google Assistant
will be the Pixel phones' unique selling point, at least in the short term, in a
very competitive market where Apple and Samsung dominate, but neither have been
able to crack the useful integrated and intelligent personal assistant.

The Pixel will also have unlimited full resolution phone backup with Google
Photos, where other smartphones are limited in photo size and quality. They will
be some of the first devices to feature the latest version of 4G - cat 9 LTE
advanced - for the fastest possible data speeds, 4G calling and Wi-Fi calling,
supported by EE as Google's exclusive network partner in the UK.

Google will also provide a so-called Quick Switch Adapter to import iMessages,
photos, videos, contacts and other data directly from Apple's iPhone, clearly
targeting users disenfranchised with Apple's recent efforts.

The 5in Pixel will cost £599 with 32GB of storage or £699 with 128GB of storage.
The 5.5in Pixel XL will cost £719 with 32GB of storage or £819 with 128GB of
storage. Both models match the pricing of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
They will be available through EE, via Google's online store and Carphone
Warehouse in the UK.

The Pixel and Pixel XL will also be the first smartphones compatible with the
Google's new virtual reality headset called Daydream View, and a controller. The
device, similar in idea to Samsung's Gear VR accessory, is a step up from the
company's basic Cardboard viewer and represents the next phase in Google's push
for virtual reality, complete with a new minimum specification for Daydream
compatible smartphones.

Andrey Doronichev, Google's product Manager for VR, said: "Most of the other
headsets out there that are bulky, made of plastic with connectors and cables
everywhere. Daydream is none of these things. It's made of fabric, very
lightweight and it feels like clothing, not like a piece of electronics.

"Cardboard is a great way to get introduced to VR with short experiences, but we
designed it without a head strap for a reason for quick, bitesize experiences.
By contrast Daydream is designed for long term, high quality VR for a much more
immersive and richly interactive experience."

Alongside the Pixel smartphones Google also launched its take on the Amazon Echo
called Google Home, which represents a different in-home outlet for the
company's smart assistant.

Home is a small speaker equipped with a series of far-field microphones capable
of responding to voice commands, controlling other smarthome devices, setting
timers, playing music and giving access to Google's voice search. But Assistant
goes beyond relatively simple voice recognition, and as on the Pixel
smartphones, can pull personal information, schedules, the weather and other
day-to-day activities. It is designed as an artificial intelligence in-home
helper.

Explaining how Home would work in day-to-day life, Gummi Hafsteinsson, product
management director on the Assistant engineering team said: "The other day I was
trying to cook some eggplant, so I said 'OK Google, how do I cook an eggplant?'
It then described it to me and said I had to cook it for 25 minutes, so I just
said 'OK, Google, set a timer for 25 minutes' and it was done. I didn't have to
touch anything, because my hands are busy doing something in the kitchen, and I
can just get it to play music while I wait.

"The long-term vision is for the assistant be available wherever you need it,
not just on your phone. In your home, your car, wherever. For now, it's just the
new phone from Google and the Home," added Hafsteinsson.

Google Home will be released in the US in the near future, but the company has
yet to announce release details for the UK. Google also launched an updated
version of it's instant smart TV dongle, the Chromecast Ultra, which supports 4K
streaming and will cost £69.


     ·    Google Pixel phone launch - as it happened
     ·    Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home


LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 9:27 PM GMT

Google launches Pixel phone in direct bid to take on Apple's iPhone;
Search company unveils first own-brand phone with 12 megapixel cameras and
unlimited photo storage, pitting it directly against Apple Google Pixel phone
launch - as it happenedGoogle launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of
Home

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1159 words


Google has launched two own-brand smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, in a bid
to take on Apple and its iPhone 7 head on.

The two Android smartphones are the first to carry Google's branding without
being associated with another manufacturer and are a clear mark in the sand by
the Android-maker: the fight with Apple is now on for the top premium
smartphone.

Google even went as far as to reference Apple on stage, showing a "storage full"
message from an iPhone, something it said the Pixel would avoid with unlimited
full resolution backups of photos and videos using Google Photos' cloud storage.

Burn. Unlimited full res photo and video (4K included) backup on Google Pixel.
No more storage full alerts. Apple. pic.twitter.com/2yICubIVLQ - Samuel Gibbs
(@SamuelGibbs) October 4, 2016

James Nugent, product manager for Pixel, said: "We're putting a stake in the
ground for the Android ecosystem in terms of what we think is the best from both
the software and hardware point of view, which has been developed and made by
Google."

The Google phones come in two sizes with either a 5in or a 5.5in screen, have
the latest processor the Snapdragon 821 from industry leader Qualcomm, aluminium
bodies and the next version of Android 7.1 Nougat.

The Pixel smartphones also have 12 megapixel cameras with large 1.55 micrometre
pixels for boosted low light performance on the back, which were awarded a
rating of 89 by camera analysts DxOMark, making it the highest ranked smartphone
camera to date, beating both Apple's iPhone 7 with 87 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge
with 88.

For Google, however, the most important part of the Pixel phones is the new
Google Assistant, which replaces Google Now and Google voice search previously
available to other Android smartphones with a new integrated smart assistant.

Nugent said: "This is the first device with Google Assistant, a conversational,
contextually aware assistant that will help you through you day. You can talk to
it, ask it various questions and it will provide a consistent experience
throughout, as well as prompting you with information when it thinks its
relevant."

Ana Corrales, vice president of global operations and Google Store, said: "We're
leveraging 18 years of search and evolving it into an assistant powered by
machine learning and artificial intelligence that we believe will be the next
wave of computing for the next 10 years or so and it will get better and better
as people use it."

Google Assistant will be available through the familiar "OK Google" hotword,
which can be said at any time, and a long press of the Pixel's home button. But
the Assistant access through the Pixel is just one of a new roster of devices
Google is pushing, including a new Amazon Echo-like speaker, Google Home, and
future products including tablets and smartwatches.

Assistant will be able to answer questions, perform actions and help get things
done through voice and text, learning your preferences and habits over time and
pulling information from all of Google's disparate services. Google Assistant
will be the Pixel phones' unique selling point, at least in the short term, in a
very competitive market where Apple and Samsung dominate, but neither have been
able to crack the useful integrated and intelligent personal assistant.

The Pixel will also have unlimited full resolution phone backup with Google
Photos, where other smartphones are limited in photo size and quality. They will
be some of the first devices to feature the latest version of 4G - cat 9 LTE
advanced - for the fastest possible data speeds, 4G calling and Wi-Fi calling,
supported by EE as Google's exclusive network partner in the UK.

Google will also provide a so-called Quick Switch Adapter to import iMessages,
photos, videos, contacts and other data directly from Apple's iPhone, clearly
targeting users disenfranchised with Apple's recent efforts.

The 5in Pixel will cost £599 with 32GB of storage or £699 with 128GB of storage.
The 5.5in Pixel XL will cost £719 with 32GB of storage or £819 with 128GB of
storage. Both models match the pricing of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
They will be available through EE, via Google's online store and Carphone
Warehouse in the UK.

The Pixel and Pixel XL will also be the first smartphones compatible with the
Google's new virtual reality headset called Daydream View, and a controller. The
device, similar in idea to Samsung's Gear VR accessory, is a step up from the
company's basic Cardboard viewer and represents the next phase in Google's push
for virtual reality, complete with a new minimum specification for Daydream
compatible smartphones.

Andrey Doronichev, Google's product Manager for VR, said: "Most of the other
headsets out there that are bulky, made of plastic with connectors and cables
everywhere. Daydream is none of these things. It's made of fabric, very
lightweight and it feels like clothing, not like a piece of electronics.

"Cardboard is a great way to get introduced to VR with short experiences, but we
designed it without a head strap for a reason for quick, bitesize experiences.
By contrast Daydream is designed for long term, high quality VR for a much more
immersive and richly interactive experience."

Alongside the Pixel smartphones Google also launched its take on the Amazon Echo
called Google Home, which represents a different in-home outlet for the
company's smart assistant.

Home is a small speaker equipped with a series of far-field microphones capable
of responding to voice commands, controlling other smarthome devices, setting
timers, playing music and giving access to Google's voice search. But Assistant
goes beyond relatively simple voice recognition, and as on the Pixel
smartphones, can pull personal information, schedules, the weather and other
day-to-day activities. It is designed as an artificial intelligence in-home
helper.

Explaining how Home would work in day-to-day life, Gummi Hafsteinsson, product
management director on the Assistant engineering team said: "The other day I was
trying to cook some eggplant, so I said 'OK Google, how do I cook an eggplant?'
It then described it to me and said I had to cook it for 25 minutes, so I just
said 'OK, Google, set a timer for 25 minutes' and it was done. I didn't have to
touch anything, because my hands are busy doing something in the kitchen, and I
can just get it to play music while I wait.

"The long-term vision is for the assistant be available wherever you need it,
not just on your phone. In your home, your car, wherever. For now, it's just the
new phone from Google and the Home," added Hafsteinsson.

Google Home will be released in the US in the near future, but the company has
yet to announce release details for the UK. Google also launched an updated
version of it's instant smart TV dongle, the Chromecast Ultra, which supports 4K
streaming and will cost £69.


     ·    Google Pixel phone launch - as it happened
     ·    Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home


LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 9:27 PM GMT

Google launches Pixel phone in direct bid to take on Apple's iPhone;
Search company unveils first own-brand phone with 12 megapixel cameras and
unlimited photo storage, pitting it directly against Apple Google Pixel phone
launch - as it happenedGoogle launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of
Home

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1159 words


Google has launched two own-brand smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, in a bid
to take on Apple and its iPhone 7 head on.

The two Android smartphones are the first to carry Google's branding without
being associated with another manufacturer and are a clear mark in the sand by
the Android-maker: the fight with Apple is now on for the top premium
smartphone.

Google even went as far as to reference Apple on stage, showing a "storage full"
message from an iPhone, something it said the Pixel would avoid with unlimited
full resolution backups of photos and videos using Google Photos' cloud storage.

Burn. Unlimited full res photo and video (4K included) backup on Google Pixel.
No more storage full alerts. Apple. pic.twitter.com/2yICubIVLQ - Samuel Gibbs
(@SamuelGibbs) October 4, 2016

James Nugent, product manager for Pixel, said: "We're putting a stake in the
ground for the Android ecosystem in terms of what we think is the best from both
the software and hardware point of view, which has been developed and made by
Google."

The Google phones come in two sizes with either a 5in or a 5.5in screen, have
the latest processor the Snapdragon 821 from industry leader Qualcomm, aluminium
bodies and the next version of Android 7.1 Nougat.

The Pixel smartphones also have 12 megapixel cameras with large 1.55 micrometre
pixels for boosted low light performance on the back, which were awarded a
rating of 89 by camera analysts DxOMark, making it the highest ranked smartphone
camera to date, beating both Apple's iPhone 7 with 87 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge
with 88.

For Google, however, the most important part of the Pixel phones is the new
Google Assistant, which replaces Google Now and Google voice search previously
available to other Android smartphones with a new integrated smart assistant.

Nugent said: "This is the first device with Google Assistant, a conversational,
contextually aware assistant that will help you through you day. You can talk to
it, ask it various questions and it will provide a consistent experience
throughout, as well as prompting you with information when it thinks its
relevant."

Ana Corrales, vice president of global operations and Google Store, said: "We're
leveraging 18 years of search and evolving it into an assistant powered by
machine learning and artificial intelligence that we believe will be the next
wave of computing for the next 10 years or so and it will get better and better
as people use it."

Google Assistant will be available through the familiar "OK Google" hotword,
which can be said at any time, and a long press of the Pixel's home button. But
the Assistant access through the Pixel is just one of a new roster of devices
Google is pushing, including a new Amazon Echo-like speaker, Google Home, and
future products including tablets and smartwatches.

Assistant will be able to answer questions, perform actions and help get things
done through voice and text, learning your preferences and habits over time and
pulling information from all of Google's disparate services. Google Assistant
will be the Pixel phones' unique selling point, at least in the short term, in a
very competitive market where Apple and Samsung dominate, but neither have been
able to crack the useful integrated and intelligent personal assistant.

The Pixel will also have unlimited full resolution phone backup with Google
Photos, where other smartphones are limited in photo size and quality. They will
be some of the first devices to feature the latest version of 4G - cat 9 LTE
advanced - for the fastest possible data speeds, 4G calling and Wi-Fi calling,
supported by EE as Google's exclusive network partner in the UK.

Google will also provide a so-called Quick Switch Adapter to import iMessages,
photos, videos, contacts and other data directly from Apple's iPhone, clearly
targeting users disenfranchised with Apple's recent efforts.

The 5in Pixel will cost £599 with 32GB of storage or £699 with 128GB of storage.
The 5.5in Pixel XL will cost £719 with 32GB of storage or £819 with 128GB of
storage. Both models match the pricing of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
They will be available through EE, via Google's online store and Carphone
Warehouse in the UK.

The Pixel and Pixel XL will also be the first smartphones compatible with the
Google's new virtual reality headset called Daydream View, and a controller. The
device, similar in idea to Samsung's Gear VR accessory, is a step up from the
company's basic Cardboard viewer and represents the next phase in Google's push
for virtual reality, complete with a new minimum specification for Daydream
compatible smartphones.

Andrey Doronichev, Google's product Manager for VR, said: "Most of the other
headsets out there that are bulky, made of plastic with connectors and cables
everywhere. Daydream is none of these things. It's made of fabric, very
lightweight and it feels like clothing, not like a piece of electronics.

"Cardboard is a great way to get introduced to VR with short experiences, but we
designed it without a head strap for a reason for quick, bitesize experiences.
By contrast Daydream is designed for long term, high quality VR for a much more
immersive and richly interactive experience."

Alongside the Pixel smartphones Google also launched its take on the Amazon Echo
called Google Home, which represents a different in-home outlet for the
company's smart assistant.

Home is a small speaker equipped with a series of far-field microphones capable
of responding to voice commands, controlling other smarthome devices, setting
timers, playing music and giving access to Google's voice search. But Assistant
goes beyond relatively simple voice recognition, and as on the Pixel
smartphones, can pull personal information, schedules, the weather and other
day-to-day activities. It is designed as an artificial intelligence in-home
helper.

Explaining how Home would work in day-to-day life, Gummi Hafsteinsson, product
management director on the Assistant engineering team said: "The other day I was
trying to cook some eggplant, so I said 'OK Google, how do I cook an eggplant?'
It then described it to me and said I had to cook it for 25 minutes, so I just
said 'OK, Google, set a timer for 25 minutes' and it was done. I didn't have to
touch anything, because my hands are busy doing something in the kitchen, and I
can just get it to play music while I wait.

"The long-term vision is for the assistant be available wherever you need it,
not just on your phone. In your home, your car, wherever. For now, it's just the
new phone from Google and the Home," added Hafsteinsson.

Google Home will be released in the US in the near future, but the company has
yet to announce release details for the UK. Google also launched an updated
version of it's instant smart TV dongle, the Chromecast Ultra, which supports 4K
streaming and will cost £69.


     ·    Google Pixel phone launch - as it happened
     ·    Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home


LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 9:27 PM GMT

Google launches Pixel smartphone in direct bid to take on Apple's iPhone;
Search company unveils first own-brand phone with 12 megapixel cameras and
unlimited photo storage, pitting it directly against Apple Google Pixel phone
launch - as it happenedGoogle launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of
Home

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1159 words


Google has launched two own-brand smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, in a bid
to take on Apple and its iPhone 7 head on.

The two Android smartphones are the first to carry Google's branding without
being associated with another manufacturer and are a clear mark in the sand by
the Android-maker: the fight with Apple is now on for the top premium
smartphone.

Google even went as far as to reference Apple on stage, showing a "storage full"
message from an iPhone, something it said the Pixel would avoid with unlimited
full resolution backups of photos and videos using Google Photos' cloud storage.

Burn. Unlimited full res photo and video (4K included) backup on Google Pixel.
No more storage full alerts. Apple. pic.twitter.com/2yICubIVLQ - Samuel Gibbs
(@SamuelGibbs) October 4, 2016

James Nugent, product manager for Pixel, said: "We're putting a stake in the
ground for the Android ecosystem in terms of what we think is the best from both
the software and hardware point of view, which has been developed and made by
Google."

The Google phones come in two sizes with either a 5in or a 5.5in screen, have
the latest processor the Snapdragon 821 from industry leader Qualcomm, aluminium
bodies and the next version of Android 7.1 Nougat.

The Pixel smartphones also have 12 megapixel cameras with large 1.55 micrometre
pixels for boosted low light performance on the back, which were awarded a
rating of 89 by camera analysts DxOMark, making it the highest ranked smartphone
camera to date, beating both Apple's iPhone 7 with 87 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge
with 88.

For Google, however, the most important part of the Pixel phones is the new
Google Assistant, which replaces Google Now and Google voice search previously
available to other Android smartphones with a new integrated smart assistant.

Nugent said: "This is the first device with Google Assistant, a conversational,
contextually aware assistant that will help you through you day. You can talk to
it, ask it various questions and it will provide a consistent experience
throughout, as well as prompting you with information when it thinks its
relevant."

Ana Corrales, vice president of global operations and Google Store, said: "We're
leveraging 18 years of search and evolving it into an assistant powered by
machine learning and artificial intelligence that we believe will be the next
wave of computing for the next 10 years or so and it will get better and better
as people use it."

Google Assistant will be available through the familiar "OK Google" hotword,
which can be said at any time, and a long press of the Pixel's home button. But
the Assistant access through the Pixel is just one of a new roster of devices
Google is pushing, including a new Amazon Echo-like speaker, Google Home, and
future products including tablets and smartwatches.

Assistant will be able to answer questions, perform actions and help get things
done through voice and text, learning your preferences and habits over time and
pulling information from all of Google's disparate services. Google Assistant
will be the Pixel phones' unique selling point, at least in the short term, in a
very competitive market where Apple and Samsung dominate, but neither have been
able to crack the useful integrated and intelligent personal assistant.

The Pixel will also have unlimited full resolution phone backup with Google
Photos, where other smartphones are limited in photo size and quality. They will
be some of the first devices to feature the latest version of 4G - cat 9 LTE
advanced - for the fastest possible data speeds, 4G calling and Wi-Fi calling,
supported by EE as Google's exclusive network partner in the UK.

Google will also provide a so-called Quick Switch Adapter to import iMessages,
photos, videos, contacts and other data directly from Apple's iPhone, clearly
targeting users disenfranchised with Apple's recent efforts.

The 5in Pixel will cost £599 with 32GB of storage or £699 with 128GB of storage.
The 5.5in Pixel XL will cost £719 with 32GB of storage or £819 with 128GB of
storage. Both models match the pricing of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
They will be available through EE, via Google's online store and Carphone
Warehouse in the UK.

The Pixel and Pixel XL will also be the first smartphones compatible with the
Google's new virtual reality headset called Daydream View, and a controller. The
device, similar in idea to Samsung's Gear VR accessory, is a step up from the
company's basic Cardboard viewer and represents the next phase in Google's push
for virtual reality, complete with a new minimum specification for Daydream
compatible smartphones.

Andrey Doronichev, Google's product Manager for VR, said: "Most of the other
headsets out there that are bulky, made of plastic with connectors and cables
everywhere. Daydream is none of these things. It's made of fabric, very
lightweight and it feels like clothing, not like a piece of electronics.

"Cardboard is a great way to get introduced to VR with short experiences, but we
designed it without a head strap for a reason for quick, bitesize experiences.
By contrast Daydream is designed for long term, high quality VR for a much more
immersive and richly interactive experience."

Alongside the Pixel smartphones Google also launched its take on the Amazon Echo
called Google Home, which represents a different in-home outlet for the
company's smart assistant.

Home is a small speaker equipped with a series of far-field microphones capable
of responding to voice commands, controlling other smarthome devices, setting
timers, playing music and giving access to Google's voice search. But Assistant
goes beyond relatively simple voice recognition, and as on the Pixel
smartphones, can pull personal information, schedules, the weather and other
day-to-day activities. It is designed as an artificial intelligence in-home
helper.

Explaining how Home would work in day-to-day life, Gummi Hafsteinsson, product
management director on the Assistant engineering team said: "The other day I was
trying to cook some eggplant, so I said 'OK Google, how do I cook an eggplant?'
It then described it to me and said I had to cook it for 25 minutes, so I just
said 'OK, Google, set a timer for 25 minutes' and it was done. I didn't have to
touch anything, because my hands are busy doing something in the kitchen, and I
can just get it to play music while I wait.

"The long-term vision is for the assistant be available wherever you need it,
not just on your phone. In your home, your car, wherever. For now, it's just the
new phone from Google and the Home," added Hafsteinsson.

Google Home will be released in the US in the near future, but the company has
yet to announce release details for the UK. Google also launched an updated
version of it's instant smart TV dongle, the Chromecast Ultra, which supports 4K
streaming and will cost £69.


     ·    Google Pixel phone launch - as it happened
     ·    Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home


LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

Google's Pixel not all that new but is standout;
Ambitious phone has a starting price of about $650.;
TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: ByAnickJesdanun

SECTION: ; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 791 words


Apple's iPhone 7 Plus (top),

and Google's Pixel XL are shown in New York's Central Park. The Pixel's camera
falls short in extreme close-ups.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 (middle),

Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot that's new.
Yet it's still one of the best out there.

Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung
and other phone makers and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones -
starting at about $650 for the regular, 5-inch model and $770 for the 5.5-inch
"XL" edition. Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best Buy and
Google's online store.

I tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features except
for its smaller display and battery - still enough for 13 hours of internet use,
according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and a strong voice
assistant that promises to get smarter - all without the bloat common with other
Android phones.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe ;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 .

The camera

The Pixel's image quality is superb - though purists may quibble. Colors in some
shots look too strong and clean to me, thanks to software processing intended to
reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to some extent).

But automation pays off in another way: The Pixel will automatically combine
successive shots into an animated "GIF" file, offering a fun way to share a
toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video, the Pixel's stabilization
technology compensates for shaky hands and other movement, matching what the
iPhone and Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, just double twist the phone like a door knob
- a feature Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Low-light images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (which has the same camera as the Note
7). But differences are small, and the Pixel does better than typical
smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in extreme close-ups, such as
shooting a flower petal or a small bug; photos were typically blurry. The
Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front flash or control over the
focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical distances for selfies.

The assistant

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa features.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences - say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius - and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar Assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. It will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays. Assistant
waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now back. Google says Assistant will
eventually get the Google Now functionality.

Other features

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home or launching the selfie camera. It's similar to the iPhone's
3D Touch. The Pixel also offers "Night Light," a feature that tints your screen
amber by filtering out blue light that might keep you up at night. Apple calls
it Night Shift.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels. The free offer will make a difference for those who take video in
ultra-sharp "4k" resolution, but the default setting is lower, at 1080p, which
is already free at Google Photos.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              62 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Google's Pixel not all that new but is standout;
Ambitious phone has a starting price of about $650.;
TECHOOLOGY

BYLINE: ByAnickJesdanun

SECTION: ; Pg. SPB3

LENGTH: 791 words


Apple's iPhone 7 Plus (top), Samsung's Galaxy S7 (middle), and Google's Pixel XL
are shown in New York's Central Park. The Pixel's camera falls short in extreme
close-ups.

Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot that's new.
Yet it's still one of the best out there.

Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung
and other phone makers and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones -
starting at about $650 for the regular, 5-inch model and $770 for the 5.5-inch
"XL" edition. Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best Buy and
Google's online store.

I tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features except
for its smaller display and battery - still enough for 13 hours of internet use,
according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and a strong voice
assistant that promises to get smarter - all without the bloat common with other
Android phones.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe ;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 .

The camera

The Pixel's image quality is superb - though purists may quibble. Colors in some
shots look too strong and clean to me, thanks to software processing intended to
reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to some extent).

But automation pays off in another way: The Pixel will automatically combine
successive shots into an animated "GIF" file, offering a fun way to share a
toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video, the Pixel's stabilization
technology compensates for shaky hands and other movement, matching what the
iPhone and Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, just double twist the phone like a door knob
- a feature Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Low-light images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (which has the same camera as the Note
7). But differences are small, and the Pixel does better than typical
smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in extreme close-ups, such as
shooting a flower petal or a small bug; photos were typically blurry. The
Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front flash or control over the
focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical distances for selfies.

The assistant

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa features.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences - say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius - and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar Assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. It will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays. Assistant
waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now back. Google says Assistant will
eventually get the Google Now functionality.

Other features

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home or launching the selfie camera. It's similar to the iPhone's
3D Touch. The Pixel also offers "Night Light," a feature that tints your screen
amber by filtering out blue light that might keep you up at night. Apple calls
it Night Shift.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels. The free offer will make a difference for those who take video in
ultra-sharp "4k" resolution, but the default setting is lower, at 1080p, which
is already free at Google Photos.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              63 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
Google Nexus is dead - long live Google Pixel. Here's everything we know about
Google's iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 546 words


Google has revealed two new phones that will offer an alternative to Apple's
popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but no more.

Google has ditched the Nexus brand in favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past,
the company has used the Pixel name on its premium tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

The new Pixel is, in Google's words, "the first phone built by Google inside and
out."

Just like Apple, Google controlled both the hardware and the software - in this
case - Android version 7.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Google has said that pre-orders for the phone will begin today (October 4) in
the US, UK, Australia, Germany and Canada.

The phone will physically be available on October 20.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

The white Pixel bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 although it has the
rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

And - of course - Google has kept the 3.5mm headphone jack in place, unlike
Apple which ditched it.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both the Pixel and the XL have a similar design to last year's well-received
Nexus 6P albeit with a thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

At the moment, we've just got the US pricing for the new Pixel phones.

The company is charging $649 for the 5-inch version and $769 for the larger
handset.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone, and
we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one.

It will also have a beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with
the option to upgrade to a 128GB if needed.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Google will be offering unlimited amounts of photo storage through its Google
Photos app.

And the latest version of Android (Nougat) is preinstalled - it comes Google's
AI-powered assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:56 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones finally revealed - can they compete with
the iPhone 7?;
The search giant unveiled two new handsets along with a virtual reality headset
at an event in San Francisco

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 424 words


The much-anticipated Google Pixel has been revealed by the US tech giant at an
exclusive event in San Francisco.

Widespread leaks had already taken much of the surprise out of the announcement,
but Google still made the most out of its answer to Apple's market-leading
iPhone.

The company's CEO Sundar Pichai launched the phones from the stage and was met
with plenty of applause.

Taking over from the Nexus brand, Pixel is a shift towards a more premium phone
that will compete with both the iPhone 7 and Samsung's popular Galaxy S7.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

As expected, Google revealed two different versions of the Pixel - a standard
5-inch model and a larger 5.5-inch version called the Pixel XL.

Inside the Pixel is a quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit processor, 4GB of RAM and a
non-removable 2,770mAh lithium ion battery. The phone comes with either 32GB or
128GB of storage.

The Pixel XL meanwhile has a 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM and a big 2,450mAh battery.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Both phones boast the same 12MP rear-facing camera and 8M front-facing one. And
what's more, in Google's own words, "there's no unsightly camera bump."

They both have fingerprint scanners on the back of the phone and the new USB-C
charging port on the bottom. And, unlike Apple, both phones come with 3.5mm
headphone ports.

One of the biggest benefits of the new Pixel phones is that they will ship with
the latest version of Android pre-installed. Also, when it comes to future
updates, Google's own phones tend to get their first compared with other Android
phone makers like Samsung or Sony.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Android "Nougat" is notable for a new AI-powered assistant called Allo and the
FaceTime-style video chat app called Duo.

If you're keen to ditch the iPhone and get hold of either of the Pixels then you
won't have to wait long as they're going to be available on October 20th.

However, it won't be cheap.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel
and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as we know for certain.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Google's Pixel phone: Not much new, but still a standout

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 862 words


NEW YORK - Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot
that's new. Yet it's still one of the best out there.

Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung
and other phones and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones - starting at
about $650 for the regular, 5-inch model and $770 for the 5.5-inch "XL" edition.
Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best Buy and Google's online
store.

I tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features except
for its smaller display and battery - still enough for 13 hours of Internet use,
according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and a strong voice
assistant that promises to get smarter.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7.

The camera

The Pixel's image quality is superb - though purists may quibble. Colours in
some shots look too strong and clean to me, thanks to software processing
intended to reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to
some extent).

But automation pays off in another way: The Pixel will automatically combine
successive shots into an animated "GIF" file, offering a fun way to share a
toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video, the Pixel's stabilization
technology compensates for shaky hands and other movement, matching what the
iPhone and Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, just double twist the phone like a door knob
- a feature Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Lowlight images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (which has the same camera as the Note
7). But differences are small, and the Pixel does better than typical
smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in extreme close-ups, such as
shooting a flower petal or a small bug; photos were typically blurry. The
Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front flash or control over the
focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical distances for selfies.

The assistant

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa features.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences - say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius - and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar Assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. It will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays. Assistant
waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now back. Google says Assistant will
eventually get the Google Now functionality.

Other features

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home or launching the selfie camera. It's similar to the iPhone's
3D Touch. The Pixel also offers "Night Light," a feature that tints your screen
amber by filtering out blue light that might keep you up at night. Apple calls
it Night Shift.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels. The free offer will make a difference for those who take video in
ultrasharp "4k" resolution, but the default setting is lower, at 1080p, which is
already free at Google Photos.

What's missing

The Pixel will be OK if you spray it with water, but don't drop it in the pool.
You also can't expand its storage with a memory card, as you can with the S7 and
Note 7 - though for $100 more, the Pixel's 32 gigabytes of storage quadruples to
128 gigabytes, and the free online storage should take care of your photos and
videos. The battery isn't removable, though that's true for most phones these
days.

Those looking for a Note 7 replacement will find the Pixel missing a stylus. If
you're an iPhone user, you'll have to brace yourself for the switch to Android,
which would entail buying new apps and learning new ways to navigate.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1185 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

A day before Google is set to unveil its new phone, Carphone Warehouse appears
to have let the entire cat out of the bag.

The retailer accidentally posted finished pictures of the new smartphone along
with details of some of its key features.

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

The unveiling for Google's new phones will happen on October 4th.

The video announcing the date (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal
search box slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a
typical smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1185 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

A day before Google is set to unveil its new phone, Carphone Warehouse appears
to have let the entire cat out of the bag.

The retailer accidentally posted finished pictures of the new smartphone along
with details of some of its key features.

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

The unveiling for Google's new phones will happen on October 4th.

The video announcing the date (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal
search box slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a
typical smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1185 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

A day before Google is set to unveil its new phone, Carphone Warehouse appears
to have let the entire cat out of the bag.

The retailer accidentally posted finished pictures of the new smartphone along
with details of some of its key features.

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

The unveiling for Google's new phones will happen on October 4th.

The video announcing the date (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal
search box slowly morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a
typical smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1073 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

A leaked image supposedly showing a finished render of the Google Pixel has
given us our clearest look yet at the new phone.

It was posted on Twitter and tech site VentureBeat before being swiftly picked
up and circulated around the rest of the tech industry press.

The image seems to confirm a lot of what we already new about the new Google
phone: Thinner bezels and lack of any physical home buttons.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly
morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1073 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

A leaked image supposedly showing a finished render of the Google Pixel has
given us our clearest look yet at the new phone.

It was posted on Twitter and tech site VentureBeat before being swiftly picked
up and circulated around the rest of the tech industry press.

The image seems to confirm a lot of what we already new about the new Google
phone: Thinner bezels and lack of any physical home buttons.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly
morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1073 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

A leaked image supposedly showing a finished render of the Google Pixel has
given us our clearest look yet at the new phone.

It was posted on Twitter and tech site VentureBeat before being swiftly picked
up and circulated around the rest of the tech industry press.

The image seems to confirm a lot of what we already new about the new Google
phone: Thinner bezels and lack of any physical home buttons.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly
morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1007 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones next week that will offer an alternative
to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly
morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1007 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones in the next few weeks that will offer an
alternative to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly morphs
inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical smartphone.
Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1009 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones in the next few weeks that will offer an
alternative to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video (see above) is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly
morphs inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical
smartphone. Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its upcoming smartphone - here's
everything we know about it so far

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: SCIENCE

LENGTH: 956 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones in the next few weeks that will offer an
alternative to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - multiple sources
are claiming October 4 is the date we'll see the new devices.

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                               Hyderabad Edition

Google takes on Apple with pricey Pixel smartphones

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 589 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardwa re business, Alphabet's Google is
going after a familiar foe: Apple.

The Mountain View-based maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled
new smartphones on Tuesday , the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head
on with the iPhone.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US). The smaller model, which starts
at $649 for 32-gigabytes of storage, features a 5inch screen, while the bigger
model, priced at $769, has a 5.5inch screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus. A
128-gigabyte storage option is also available, with the larger device topping
out at $869 -also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature highresolution displays that Google said are sharper than the
iPhones', along with 12-mega pixel rear cameras, 8 mega pixel front cameras, and
Qualcomm's Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new
Siri-like digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the

first conceptualized, designed, engineered and tested in-house by Google.
Similar to Apple's partnership with Foxconn in China, Google is getting HTC Corp
to assemble the Pixel devices, Google's hardware chief Rick Osterloh said in a
recent interview.

Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going right after Apple
customers with a new option to automatically transfer data such as contacts and
photos from an

iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched on. Google included a physical
adapter in the box that plugs the new devices into iPhones to conduct the
process. Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users
to port their information over from Android gadgets.

\x93Premium is a very important category ,\x93 Hiroshi Lockheimer, head of
Android, said in a recent interview. \x93It's where Apple is also very strong.
Is

there room for another player there? We think so.\x93

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customized by Google. The home screen includes a translucent
launcher that reveals circular icons as it gradually blurs the background
wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom. There's also a shortcut to summon
technical support and a digital home button to wake up Google's digital
Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone
manufacturers.The Pixel phones can be preordered Tuesday via Google's website
and will be available in retail stores October 20, according to the company.They
will be available in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, and Germany this month, and
the phone will arrive in India in November.

The phones can be purchased in the US as part of a monthly wireless plan from
Verizon Communications Inc., Google said. They can also be bought through
Project Fi, Google's own wireless service.

To cost Rs 57,000 onwards in India

Starting at Rs 57,000, Pixel will be available for pre-order in India starting
October 13, 2016 on Flipkart and at over 1,000-plus organized and multi-brand
retail stores with leading retail partners, including Reliance Digital, Croma
and Vijay sales, among others, Google said. India is among the first six
countries where Pixel is being launched.

Pixel will be available in India in two sizes -5\x93 or 5.5\x93 -and two colors
-Quite Black and Very Silver -with memory configurations of 32GB and 128GB.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about new
Android smartphones;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its 2016 smartphone - here's
everything we know about the upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1007 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones in the next few weeks that will offer an
alternative to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly morphs
inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical smartphone.
Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Google's Pixel phone: Not much new, but still a standout;
Image quality is superb, purists may quibble

BYLINE: Anick Jesdanun, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 752 words


Google's ambitious new smartphone, the Pixel, doesn't offer a lot that's new.
Yet it's still one of the best out there.

Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung
and other phones and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones - starting at
about $650 for the regular, 5-inch model and $770 for the 5.5-inch "XL" edition.
Both versions go on sale Thursday through Verizon, Best Buy and Google's online
store.

I tested the Pixel XL model; the regular version has identical features except
for its smaller display and battery - still enough for 13 hours of Internet use,
according to Google. With either, you get an excellent camera and a strong voice
assistant that promises to get smarter.

The Pixel isn't quite an iPhone replacement, as Google wants you to believe;
hardware is just part of what makes an iPhone an iPhone. But it might serve up a
strong challenge to Samsung, especially as people look for alternatives to the
fire-prone Galaxy Note 7.

The camera

The Pixel's image quality is superb - though purists may quibble. Colours in
some shots look too strong and clean to me, thanks to software processing
intended to reduce distortion and improve detail (something all phones do to
some extent).

But automation pays off in another way: The Pixel will automatically combine
successive shots into an animated "GIF" file, offering a fun way to share a
toddler's steps or a dog jumping. For video, the Pixel's stabilization
technology compensates for shaky hands and other movement, matching what the
iPhone and Galaxy phones can do.

The Pixel borrows a quick-launch feature from Samsung phones. Just double tap
the power button to start the camera, even if the phone is locked. To switch
between the front and rear cameras, just double twist the phone like a door knob
- a feature Motorola, which Google once owned, has long offered.

Lowlight images taken with the Pixel in three museums aren't as crisp as those
from the iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (which has the same camera as the Note
7). But differences are small, and the Pixel does better than typical
smartphones. Where the Pixel falls short is in extreme close-ups, such as
shooting a flower petal or a small bug; photos were typically blurry. The
Pixel's selfie camera is also inferior, with no front flash or control over the
focus. But it's fine in good light and at typical distances for selfies.

The assistant

Google's voice assistant, simply known as Google Assistant, will seem familiar
to those who have used Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa features.

Google's version goes further in offering daily updates such as weather and
news, though plenty of apps already offer similar capabilities through
notifications. Google is also better at remembering preferences - say, if you
prefer temperatures in Celsius - and at integrating with its own services, such
as Translate and Photos.

But Assistant doesn't yet sync with a similar Assistant in Google's Allo chat
app and upcoming Home speaker. And it isn't as proactive as the Google Now
assistant already built into Android phones. Google Now, for instance, will look
through your Gmail account for flight reservations and remind you when to head
to the airport. It will analyze your daily commute and warn of delays. Assistant
waits for you to ask.

Assistant holds up well compared with Siri and Alexa, but for more, swipe from
left to right to get the old Google Now back. Google says Assistant will
eventually get the Google Now functionality.

Other features

If you need help, you can reach Google's customer support and enable screen
sharing reminiscent of Amazon's Mayday help feature. And the Pixel will work
with Google's upcoming Daydream View virtual-reality headset, much as Samsung
phones have Samsung's Gear VR.

Long-pressing an app icon brings up a menu of shortcuts, such as getting
directions to home or launching the selfie camera. It's similar to the iPhone's
3D Touch. The Pixel also offers "Night Light," a feature that tints your screen
amber by filtering out blue light that might keep you up at night. Apple calls
it Night Shift.

Pixel owners get unlimited storage of photos at original resolution, though
that's a little like offering Google search for free. Google Photos already
offers unlimited storage at up to 16 megapixels; the Pixel's camera is 12
megapixels. The free offer will make a difference for those who take video in
ultrasharp "4k" resolution, but the default setting is lower, at 1080p, which is
already free at Google Photos.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 19, 2016 Monday 4:36 PM GMT

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals;
The search giant has nixed the Nexus brand for its upcoming smartphone - here's
everything we know about it so far

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1007 words


Google is set to reveal two new phones in the next few weeks that will offer an
alternative to Apple's popular iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

The search giant has been producing its own Android-based phones for the last
few years under the "Nexus" brand - but that looks set to change.

According to the latest rumours, Google is planning to ditch the Nexus brand in
favour of the Pixel moniker. In the past, the company has used the Pixel name on
its tablet and laptop products.

Google Duo video-calling app for Android and iOS takes aim at FaceTime and Skype

Early rumours suggest the Pixel and Pixel XL phones could be revealed in early
October.

Although they won't be manufactured directly by Google the company will oversee
the entire design process to help it integrate with Android's latest software as
closely as possible.

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test

Now the iPhone 7 launch has been and gone, the internet rumour mill is churning
out plenty of information on Google's next gadget. Here's what we know about it
so far.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly morphs
inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical smartphone.
Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

Google might be ditching 'Nexus' branding in favour of 'Pixel' name for new
smartphones

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

Moto G4 2016 review - the best budget smartphone ever made

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

What makes phone batteries explode? And what to do if YOU bought Samsung's
Galaxy Note 7

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which smartphone is best when Apple and Samsung go
toe-to-toe?

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Android 7.0 Nougat: All the features of Google's new mobile operating system and
how to download it onto your smartphone

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:10 PM GMT

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them;
Interested in picking up one of Google's anticipated new smartphones? This is
how much they are likely to cost you

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 367 words


Google has two brand spanking new phones to choose from - the Pixel and the
Pixel XL. If you're sick of the idea of another iPhone, then these are a worthy
alternative.

There are three different places you can get the new Google Pixel phone: From
the company itself, high street chain Carphone Warehouse and through the EE
network.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch
version and £719 for the 5.5-inch model.

Google Home is the voice-controlled gadget that wants to take over your house

That's if you decide to go with 32GB of storage. If you opt for 128GB you're
looking at £699 for the Pixel and £819 for the Pixel XL.

Those prices put them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone
models.

If you'd rather buy it through a contract then you're either going to have to be
an EE customer or be willing to switch to the carrier. The phones themselves
will be available from October 20th whilst the Daydream View VR headset that
Google also announced will be available from early November.

Google announces Daydream VR headset - and it will be available in early
November

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:10 PM GMT

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them;
Interested in picking up one of Google's anticipated new smartphones? This is
how much they are likely to cost you

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 367 words


Google has two brand spanking new phones to choose from - the Pixel and the
Pixel XL. If you're sick of the idea of another iPhone, then these are a worthy
alternative.

There are three different places you can get the new Google Pixel phone: From
the company itself, high street chain Carphone Warehouse and through the EE
network.

Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse means you can pick up the
phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of £599 for the 5-inch
version and £719 for the 5.5-inch model.

Google Home is the voice-controlled gadget that wants to take over your house

That's if you decide to go with 32GB of storage. If you opt for 128GB you're
looking at £699 for the Pixel and £819 for the Pixel XL.

Those prices put them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone
models.

If you'd rather buy it through a contract then you're either going to have to be
an EE customer or be willing to switch to the carrier. The phones themselves
will be available from October 20th whilst the Daydream View VR headset that
Google also announced will be available from early November.

Google announces Daydream VR headset - and it will be available in early
November

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Just as an extra sweetener, those who pre-order before October 20th will receive
a £50 Google Play voucher they can use to purchase content from the Google Play
store.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:56 PM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones finally revealed - can they compete with
the iPhone 7?;
The search giant unveiled two new handsets along with a virtual reality headset
at an event in San Francisco

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 352 words


The much-anticipated Google Pixel has been revealed by the US tech giant at an
exclusive event in San Francisco.

Widespread leaks had already taken much of the surprise out of the announcement,
but Google still made the most out of its answer to Apple's market-leading
iPhone.

The company's CEO Sundar Pichai launched the phones from the stage and was met
with plenty of applause.

Taking over from the Nexus brand, Pixel is a shift towards a more premium phone
that will compete with both the iPhone 7 and Samsung's popular Galaxy S7.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

As expected, Google revealed two different versions of the Pixel - a standard
5-inch model and a larger 5.5-inch version called the Pixel XL.

Inside the Pixel is a quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit processor, 4GB of RAM and a
non-removable 2,770mAh lithium ion battery. The phone comes with either 32GB or
128GB of storage.

The Pixel XL meanwhile has a 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM and a big 2,450mAh battery.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

Both phones boast the same 12MP rear-facing camera and 8M front-facing one. And
what's more, in Google's own words, "there's no unsightly camera bump."

They both have fingerprint scanners on the back of the phone and the new USB-C
charging port on the bottom. And, unlike Apple, both phones come with 3.5mm
headphone ports.

One of the biggest benefits of the new Pixel phones is that they will ship with
the latest version of Android pre-installed. Also, when it comes to future
updates, Google's own phones tend to get their first compared with other Android
phone makers like Samsung or Sony.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Android "Nougat" is notable for a new AI-powered assistant called Allo and the
FaceTime-style video chat app called Duo.

If you're keen to ditch the iPhone and get hold of either of the Pixels then you
won't have to wait long as they're going to be available on October 20th.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      March 12, 2015 Thursday 4:40 PM GMT

Google Chromebook Pixel 2 review round up: gorgeous, powerful, but still just
Chrome;
Google's vision of a cloud-computing future has another champion, the £800
Chromebook Pixel 2, with a high resolution screen and solid aluminium body

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 812 words


Google has launched a new premium Chromebook - the Pixel 2. It is faster than
its predecessor and has a high resolution screen but it raises the question:
does anyone really want to pay £800 for a glorified web browser.

Google's Chromebooks are designed to be a fast, cheap, portal to the internet
costing under £250 and providing a browsing experience far better than similarly
priced PCs. They are essentially a computer that's just a web browser, capable
of doing anything you can through the browser but not much more.

Google's original Chromebook Pixel was launched in 2013 and was an oddity. It
had a high resolution display rivalling Apple's "retina" displays and cost
£1,000, but was only as capable as any other Chromebook costing a quarter of the
price.

The new Pixel is cheaper, faster and comes with the new USB type-C port, but
essentially offers the same conundrum: who should you buy a £800 Chromebook?

Reviews have started pouring in from the US to attempt to answer that very
question. Here's what they said.

Chromebook Pixel review (2015): less expensive, still impractical

                     Engadget's Dana Wollman found the design fantastic, the
build great and the screen better than almost any other.

In addition to being sharp, the Pixel's display boasts rich colours and wide
viewing angles, even despite the touchscreen's glossy finish. The visibility is
so good, in fact, that when my seatmate on a recent flight asked me to open the
window shade, I could make out the contents of the screen, even with sunlight
streaming in next to me.

Chromebook Pixel (2015) review

The Pixel 2 adopts the reversible USB type-C for charging and connecting
screens, despite having regular USB ports too. According to Dieter Bohn on the
Verge users won't have to charge it very often, though.

About the battery life: it's out-of-this-world good. The last Pixel was a
disappointment in that regard, and most other Chromebooks are serviceable, but
not stupendous. Google rates this Pixel as good for 12 hours, and in our own
battery test, it clocked in at 14.

Google Chromebook Pixel (2015) review

David Pierce writing for Wired explained that the Pixel 2 makes compromises on
software not on hardware, but that is the point of Google's Chrome OS.

The limitations are the opposite of the new MacBook: there's plenty of
processing power inside the Pixel, but there are some software limitations.
Forget video editing or anything resembling heavy-duty gaming, for instance;
there just aren't apps for those things on Chrome OS. For the basic tasks and
mundanities we all slog through each day, though, Chrome OS is now more than
enough. The biggest downside at this point is the local storage. Google really,
really wants you to use Drive, so it gives you 1TB of online storage but only
32GB of hard drive space. You'll fill that with photos and torrented copies of
The Hobbit movies way too quickly.

Google's Chromebook Pixel 2 is ready to be your work laptop

                     Mashable's Pete Pachal said that the Pixel 2 is the best
Chrome browser experience money can buy, but £800 is a lot of money and that
doesn't even buy the most powerful version.

The standard Pixel 2 has lots of muscle, but there's an even stronger kid on the
block. If you really want to be the biggest Chromebook on the block, Google
actually makes a Chromebook Pixel 2 LS version. Google says the "LS" stands for
"ludicrous speed," and that version packs an Intel Core i7 processor, 16GB of
RAM and 64GB of storage. Why would you ever need that kind of power on a
Chromebook, which runs and stores most everything in the cloud? I'm sure a
developer somewhere will figure it out.

New Chromebook Pixel is lovely hardware with limited appeal

Andrew Cunningham from Ars Technica comes to the conclusion that despite being a
very nice machine it's niche is small.

The new Chromebook Pixel is an improvement over its predecessor in every
important way-it's the best kind of upgrade, the kind that keeps what worked
about the previous model and upgrades everything else. It's still the same kind
of computer the first Pixel was, though. Its quality is excellent, but its
operating system combined with its price makes it a nonsensical purchase for
most people. The big question is still "who is this for" and the answer is still
"die-hard Chrome developers, people who get them for free at Google I/O or
whatever, and tinkerers who like the design and buy Chromebooks to put Linux on
them."

In the end the new Chromebook Pixel is a weird juxtaposition - a premium machine
running a system designed to be cheap but do one thing well. It stands as
Google's idea of what the next step in cloud-powered computing should be and
Chrome OS developers are going to love it. The rest of us should probably just
stick with the £200 machines or buy a PC or Mac for £800.

· Five best laptops to suite any budget

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                    September 29, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Google Pixel XL Renderings Show It Has Replicated Google Pixel

BYLINE: Wrik Sen

LENGTH: 422  words


The newest renderings show that the Pixel XL may have similar form factor to the
Google Pixel, after from new changes in the UI.

Even though the October 4 event is around the corner, it seems speculations
around Google's latest products is already filling up the market. In a latest
revelation of renderings, it seems that the Google Pixel XL handset, which is
set to get revealed alongside Google Pixel, are actually quiet reminiscent of
each other. VentureBeat in its latest posting claimed the latest renderings to
be the design for the Google Pixel XL handset which is the latest series of
products from Google, under the new brand name, ever since they let go of the
Nexus branding. Other similarities included the UI and launcher like the Pixel
launcher, and new icons being solid filled instead of being plain borders at the
bottom of the screen.

Other revelations about the new Pixel XL include the Home Screen buttons
alongside the other changes. The new rounded icon design could just be exclusive
to the Pixel and the Pixel XL handsets, as per the speculations. Not even the
other phones running the Android 7.0 Nougat would have those.

[Home Screen buttons on Pixel as shared by Android Police on it's website. From
top to bottom: Android 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, Pixel leak]

The form factor as mentioned earlier, does indeed look familiar. However, for
those looking at an upgrade in the Android experience, the UI of the new Nougat
edition of the Android OS, should see a 3D user experience, much like what
Apple's 3D technology entails. The additional challenge here would be to design
the hardware in such a way, that there might not be extra changes needed to
incorporate the new 3D user interface.

Since nothing is really official yet, AndroidPolice has revealed what it
considers the most probable specifications of the Pixel XL handset. Currently
codenamed Marlin, the handset is known to have a 5.5-inch QHD display, a
quad-core 2.0 GHz 64-bit processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of internal storage, apart
from a 3450 mAh battery, a 12 MP rear camera, and a 8MP version for the front
selfie shooter. Additionally, there could be the headphone jack on the top, a
Type-C USB port at the bottom, and a fingerprint scanner on the rear.

Not just this, the October 4 event is also expected reveal about Andromeda, the
supposed merger OS of the Android and Chrome OS from Google. Following this,
there is the expected details about the Google Wi-fi router, Chromecast Ultra,
and the Google Home Assistant, which could be revealed to the public.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Google Pixel set to take fight to Apple iPhone 7

BYLINE: Shruti Dhapola

LENGTH: 319  words


Pixel and Pixel XL, made by Google phones, are here with a price tag and
specifications ready to challenge the Apple iPhone 7. With the new Pixel phones,
Google is bidding goodbye to the Nexus series, and instead focusing on the
premium segment, one where Apple has dominated for years. And like Apple, Google
too will retain top to bottom control of the hardware and software on Pixel
phones.

These ones are not just about pure Android or getting the latest update like say
the Nexus was in the eyes of many; the Pixel phones will get exclusive features
that you might not get on the Nexus or any other Android phone for that matter.

Google appears to have a simple approach to this new hardware foray. It now
views itself as a hardware player building on its open-source Android platform;
just like Samsung or a Xiaomi or Lenovo do with their phones. Nexus was about
collaborating and showcasing the power of Android. Pixel is about creating a
premium hardware product, one that shows the power of Google. Priced at R57,000
onwards, Pixel phones are not mid-range like Nexus, and there's a reason for
that.

According to Google's Chrome VP Dave Burke, "Android ecosystem doesn't really
need a Nexus programme anymore," especially since the world has seen the rise of
other mid-range phones like OnePlus, Xiaomi which can highlight everything that
Android does well.

Pixel phones will be Google's challenger to Apple, and the search giant intends
to use its prowess in machine learning and machine intelligence to make these
stand out. Based on Google's presentation, one could see the focus was on
software and not specifications as such, though these phones come with
top-of-the-line specs too.

For starters, Pixel devices are the first to run the Google Assistant and
currently it looks like Assistant will be Google Pixel exclusive, kind of like
how Siri is to the iPhone.

Travel for this report was sponsored by Google

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google Unveils 'Pixel' Smartphone

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 5 -- Google is taking another leap into the $400 billion
smartphone market. While the company's software, Android, runs millions of
phones worldwide, Google unveiled a line of smartphones called Pixel at an event
Tuesday.

The phone is expected to sell for $649, about the same as Apple's iPhone and
Samsung's Galaxy.

Pixel will come in two sizes, 12.7 centimeters and 14 centimeters, and three
colors, black, silver and blue. In addition to a premium camera and long battery
life, the company is expected to use Pixel to highlight a digital assistant
software called "Google Assistant."

The software uses artificial intelligence that would create a "personal Google
for each and every user," according to Sundar Pichai, Google's CEO.

Pixel is built by HTC, but Google has reportedly been in on the design, leading
to the "phone by Google" branding. The phones are powered by a Snapdragon 821
processor.

Google also said it would offer free unlimited cloud storage for all,
full-resolution images and videos shot with Pixel.

Pixel will not be Google's first move into the smartphone market. In the past,
the company sold phones and tablets under the Nexus brand. The company did not
heavily market the phones, which limited their popularity.

Pixel will be powered by Google's Android operating system, which powers most of
the world's smartphones At Tuesday's event, the company said the phones will run
on a cleaner version of Android than on other phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7.
Google said the Pixel version would be faster.

The Bloomberg news service called Google's move into the smartphone market
"risky" but said it likely is spurred by the company's desire to "ensure
distribution for its web services, and more complex offerings like virtual and
augmented reality." Google has not said how much it has spent on Pixel.

Credit : Voice of America (VOA) | Photo Credit: AP

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

Wolverton: Google's flashy Chromebook is beautiful, but pricey and limited

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 693 words


Pixel is their attempt to create a Chromebook that the boss would be proud to
take home.

In terms of design, theGoogleGOOG ) folks have achieved their goal. The Pixel is
thinner and lighter thanAppleAAPL )'s comparable MacBook Pro, but feels just as
sturdy. Like the Apple laptops, the Pixel's case is made from aluminum, not from
the plastic found on the less-expensive Chromebooks. The Pixel has sharper edges
and is much more rectangular than the MacBook Pros, which gives it a sleek,
modern look.

The Pixel takes another page from Apple by including a high-resolution screen
similar to Apple's "Retina" display. In fact, the Pixel's screen is even higher
resolution than those in Apple's new MacBook Pros. It's beautiful and bright,
making text and pictures super-sharp.

But Google has also looked beyond Apple for inspiration. The Pixel features a
touch screen like those found in many of the latest Windows laptops. And it
includes a powerfulIntelINTC ) Core i5 processor, which is standard fare on
Apple and Windows-based notebooks, but is unique for a Chromebook.

The processor makes a difference. While the Samsung Chromebook I recently tested
felt sluggish, the Pixel is snappy and responsive, instantly resuming from sleep
and quickly switching among tabbed Web pages.

The Pixel also offers some uncommon features. One model includes an LTE radio,
which provides a fast Internet connection when you aren't near a Wi-Fi hotspot.
That model also includes a limited amount of monthly broadband access from
Verizon for two years.

All models of the Pixel come with 1 terabyte of space on the Google Drive cloud
storage service for free for three years. That's a bargain, because Google
typically charges $50 a month for that much space.

But despite all of its bells and whistles, the Pixel is still a Chromebook and
suffers the same limitations as the others.

Because Chrome is designed to run Web-based apps, the operating system lacks
many popular PC applications. You won't find Skype, for example, or Photoshop or
many high-end video games. And if you need to use special software for work or
to connect to a device in your house, you can almost be certain that software
won't be available for Chrome.

That lack of applications means you simply can't do as much with a Chromebook as
you can with a Mac or Windows PC. If you're spending only $250 for a basic
Chromebook, that shortcoming is acceptable. But it's not when you're spending
$1,300, which is the starting price of the Pixel. For that money, you can get a
very nice Windows machine or Apple's MacBook Air.

And some of the Pixel's embellishments that help to drive up its price seem
unnecessary. The touch screen in particular seems to have little use. Google
hasn't redesigned Chrome's interface to take advantage of the touch screen. And
unlike some of the new Windows notebooks, the Pixel's screen doesn't detach or
fold back on itself, so you can't use the device like a tablet.

While the screen is wonderful, it has one huge drawback: it drains the device's
battery. Google says users should see up to five hours of battery life from the
Pixel. That's already less than you'd get on many of the latest Mac or Windows
laptops. But in my testing, the battery life wasn't even as good as advertised;
I got around 4 1/2 hours of use at best.

So while I understand Google's impulse and appreciate the Pixel's design and
display, I'm not convinced that anyone yet needs a premium Chromebook.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or twolverton@mercurynews.com Follow him
at www.mercurynews.com/troy-wolverton or Twitter.com/troywolv.

What: Google Chromebook Pixel laptop
Likes: High-resolution screen; fast processor; solid-feeling aluminum body;
sleek, modern design; optional LTE radio; 1 terabyte of free space on Google
Drive
Dislikes: Pricey; lacks access to certain popular PC programs; doesn't take
advantage of included touch screen; relatively short battery life.
Specs: 1.8 GHz, dual-core Intel Core i5 processor; 12.85-inch, 2560 x 1700 pixel
screen; 4GB memory.
Price: $1,300 for Wi-Fi-only model with 32GB storage; $1,450 for model with LTE
radio, Wi-Fi and 64GB of storage.
Web:www.chromebook.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chromebook Pixel laptop from Google. (Google photo)
The Chromebook Pixel laptop from Google. (Google photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 29, 2015 Tuesday 6:03 PM GMT

Pixel C - first wholly Google-made tablet spells end for Nexus slates;
Made end-to-end by company, rather than by partnering with a third-party
manufacturer, new Android tablet follows in Chromebook Pixel's footsteps

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 372 words


Google is making its own Android tablet called the Pixel C, its second wholly
Google-made machine after the Chromebook Pixel.

The 10in Pixel C will have a high resolution screen, a metal body, and will
resemble the Chromebook Pixel with a multi-coloured bar light on the back.

The tablet will also have a keyboard accessory that docks with the tablet and
holds it like a laptop.

The Pixel C has a USB-C port for charging - the same one used on the Chromebook
Pixel and Google's latest Nexus smartphones - but is not designed to replace
Chromebooks, according to Google.

Nexus tablets dead?

The new tablet, briefly shown off at Google's Nexus and Chromecast launch event
in San Francisco, marks a departure from the partner-based model used by Google
before with its Nexus tablets.

The first Nexus tablet, the Nexus 7, was launched in 2012 and made by Asus. It
followed the model established by the first Nexus smartphone made by HTC in
2010, where Google partnered with a manufacturer to produce a device with a pure
Android experience without the manufacturer's standard customisations.

Google partnered with HTC last year to produce the Nexus 9 tablet, but the
device suffered from manufacturing defects and overheating issues. It appears
Google is replacing the Nexus tablet line with devices made wholly in-house.

The search company uses both its Nexus and Pixel device lines to show what its
platforms can do, attempting to entice developers to create apps for those
platforms.

In this case the Pixel C is the new flagship Android Marshmallow tablet
experience, which Google obviously thinks should be based at least partially
around productivity in the new hybrid laptop-tablet category, started by
Microsoft's original Surface tablet in 2012.

Apple recently announced the iPad Pro with a larger screen and similar keyboard
accessory available in November. The new devices will pit both Google and Apple
in direct competition with Microsoft.

The Pixel C will be available with either 32GB of storage for $499 (£330) or
64GB for $599 (£396) and is expected to be available before Christmas. The
keyboard will cost $149 (£98).

· Google Chromebook Pixel review: beautiful, powerful - but still just Chrome

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 4:12 PM GMT

Cryptic Legend of Zelda reference in Google event countdown hints that NINTENDO
could be joining the Pixel party;
A quote from the Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask has made it into Google's promo
material - and fans are getting excited

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 314 words


When Apple launched the iPhone 7 last month it announced a partnership with
Nintendo that finally brought Mario to the smartphone world .

Could the famed gaming company be about to do the same with another of its epic
franchises?

Eagle-eyed fans on Reddit spotted a line from the Legend of Zelda on Google's
YouTube channel in the hours leading up to today's launch of the new Pixel
smartphone.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of
Google's new Android smartphones

The teaser "Dawn of the Final Day - 24 Hours Remain" is a title card from the
Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask - released on the Nintendo 64 back in 2000.

The appearance of the hint was quickly screengrabbed and dissected on the
Nintendo Reddit forum .

As with the iPhone 7, many of the details of the Pixel phone have been leaked
online prior to this evening's announcement.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

If there is some kind of Zelda-based announcement then both companies have
managed to keep it tightly under wraps so far.

"To be fair and realistic: it could be a simple tribute, or it could be that
tomorrow Nintendo is announcing something the likes of a Mario Run but on The
Legend Of Zelda franchise for android," wrote Reddit user teo_many .

"If by now we've all agreed that this free to play games are ADS for Nintendo,
since Android is the leading platform of mobile market it makes so much sense."

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

The Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones are believed to be the key announcements from
this evening's event in San Francisco, but Google is also tipped to reveal a new
version of the Chromecast and a smart speaker for your house called Google Home.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          October 5, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Will Google's Pixel make dent into Apple ecosystem, especially in India?

LENGTH: 487  words


Google's newly-launched artificial intelligence-powered premium device Pixel
will impact Apple's iPhone ecosystem and even Samsung's flagship premium device
Note 7 to an extent, experts have said.

Samsung has delayed on its Note 7 owing to battery explosion fears, thus
creating a void in the premium segment.

India is among the first six countries where Pixel is being launched. Starting
at Rs, 57,000, the device will be available for pre-order in the country
starting October 13.

"Google, while merging software and hardware towards creating a new ecosystem,
poses a direct threat to the Apple ecosystem. Pixel will come with the newest
Android operating system -- Android 7.1 Nougat. Pixel phones will also get
software and security updates as soon as they are available, directly from
Google," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems at New
Delhi-based Counterpoint Research, told.

"On the other hand, the void created by the absence of Note 7 is also going to
help Pixel cement its position in the premium segment. Note 7 is yet to arrive
in India so Pixel may have a headstart here," Pathak told.

Pixel comes in two sizes -- 5 and 5.5-inch -- with 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4
protected super AMOLED display.

Pixel is first smartphone with Google Assistant -- a built-in AI programme that
works as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator like Apple's
"Siri".

Users can have a natural conversation with Google to find answers or get things
done on the go. Say "Ok Google" or touch and hold the Home button and Assistant
is ready to help.

According to Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner, Google now has a
complete ecosystem in place and needs to focus on bolstering its distribution
network.

"Having said that, it can't outsell devices like iPhone7 or Note 7 right now as
Apple and Samsung have hundred and thousands of touchpoints. Overnight, Google
can't outsell these brands. It has to build a robut distribution network to gain
ground," Gupta told.

"With controlling both hardware and software, Google is making a statement here
to deliver the best product powered with Google Assistant. Good news is that the
company will now reach out directly to its customers and not via partners,"
Gupta added.

Although HTC has manufactured the smartphones, the new devices bear Google
branding.

Google is also offering free and unlimited online storage for photos and videos
-- in original quality. Pixel also comes pre-installed with Google Duo video
calling app and messaging app Allo.

With powerhouse specifications, both the devices have similar hardware under the
hood. Pixel smartphones are fitted with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 821 Quad
core (2x 2.15 Ghz and 2x1.6 Ghz) processors and 4GB RAM.

Pixel has a 2770 battery while the 5.5-inch device has 3450 mAh battery. Both
devices support "Quick Charge" technology, promising 7 hours of battery life
with just 15 minutes of charging.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Will Google pixelate the smartphone market?

BYLINE: Joyce Hooi , Will Google pixelate the smartphone market?

SECTION: OPINION; Commentaries

LENGTH: 657 words


1 What do you think was the most remarkable thing that happened this week'

As we come off a week of bond defaults and presidential election skirmishes, it
would be a nice change to look at something new and shiny. Incidentally, a nice
change is what Google is offering consumers this week.

On Tuesday, the Internet giant launched its Pixel phone in San Francisco. It
unveiled two variations - the Pixel and Pixel XL, with a five-inch and 5.5-inch
display, respectively. Pre-orders have begun in Australia, Canada, Germany,
Britain, and the United States. The phones are priced from US$649 in the US. So
far, there has been no word on when it will be sold in Singapore.

2 Why is this a big deal'

Dubbed "Pixel, phone by Google", the phone is the first one to bear the
behemoth's branding, even though HTC actually manufactures it. Up till now,
Google's phones had been under the Nexus brand.

The Pixel will be fresh and overdue competition, given how the smartphone
business has mostly become a two-company game played by Apple and Samsung. Both
dominant players have tested consumers' goodwill this year. Apple eliminated
standard headphone jacks from its new phones, and Samsung produced some
smartphones that caught fire.

Google clearly has its eye on Apple's and Samsung's shares of the pie. The Pixel
pointedly comes with an adaptor that lets you transfer your data from your
iPhone or another Android device.

The smartphone battle with Google will be more evenly matched than the
skirmishes involving other smaller handset makers. Unlike those players, Google
has already woven itself into the fabric of modern existence with services such
as Gmail, Google Drive and YouTube.

Also, what is remarkable about this development is not so much the Pixel phone
itself, but what Google is doing with artificial intelligence (AI) and virtual
reality (VR). On Tuesday, Google unveiled its US$79 VR headset, called Daydream
View, which works with the Pixel phones. The headset might not be the last word
on such devices, but could touch off a long and steady evolution of products in
that space.

Google Assistant, the voice-activated feature that comes with the Pixel, is
powered by AI and will compete with iPhone's Siri. The assistant will also
appear in Google Home, a voice-activated gadget going on sale in November, and
eventually, in a multitude of digital devices.

Between Google's advances in speech-recognition and AI technology, and its iron
grip on search results, the world could soon be intoning not just "Ok Google",
but "Whatever you want, Google".

3 Did you see this coming'

Who didn't? The Pixel's pre-launch period was leakier than a balloon that had
been pulled over a durian. Photos of the handsets were accidentally leaked, as
were details such as display sizes and the location of the fingerprint sensor on
the back of the handsets.

4 Should anyone be worried? Or excited'

It is hard to imagine smartphone makers doing cartwheels this week, as they are
already scrabbling for territory in an increasingly fragmented market. Google's
Pixel also means more competition for other phones that use its mobile operating
system, Android.

Also, the smartphone market is now a tougher place for all players. Today's
handset race is about small and incremental improvements, instead of
revolutionary leaps. It has become more difficult for a new model to
differentiate itself from its predecessor, even if it comes out of Apple or
Samsung.

5 What happens next'

While there are now more smartphone brands than you can shake a fire
extinguisher at, there is no particular handset that is the Platonic Ideal of
the Smartphone.

It remains to be seen if the Pixel will claim this title, but it is the most
promising challenger to Apple and Samsung, to date. That in itself is
refreshing.

For what it's worth, the Pixel comes with a cutting-edge 3.5mm headset jack. Is
it the smartphone that Gotham deserves? Who knows. But it is the one that it
needs right now.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of the handsets were accidentally leaked, as were details such
as display sizes and the location of the fingerprint sensor on the back of the
handsets.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 3, 2016 Monday 11:37 AM GMT

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement;
Google has a new gadget to show off tomorrow - but thanks to a huge slip-up we
already know what's coming

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 402 words


Trying to keep a cutting-edge new gadget under wraps is getting harder and
harder. And it doesn't help when a massive UK retailer accidentally spills the
beans.

Carphone Warehouse has revealed almost all the details of the forthcoming Google
Pixel phone a day before the company was scheduled to announce it.

The US tech giant has been building momentum for an event on October 4 for a few
weeks now - but it appears to have fallen at the final hurdle.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, price, screen size, news and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Google October 4 2016 event expected to see release of new Pixel and Pixel XL
phones

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, price, specs and other rumours about the next
generation smartphone

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is pre-installed and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

Differences between the two phones come down to things like size, screen
resolution and battery power. The Pixel has a 5-inch, 1080p screen with a
2,770mAh battery whilst the Pixel XL offers a 5.5-inch, 1440p screen with a
3,450mAh battery.

For comparison, Apple's iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch screen with a 750p display and a
1,960mAh battery, while the iPhone 7 Plus offers a 5.5-inch screen with a 1080p
display and a 2,900mAh battery.

In fact, the only thing that wasn't revealed about the two new phones was their
pricing and availability.

Google is also heavily expected to reveal some other hardware at its event
tomorrow, including a competitor to Amazon's smart Echo speaker .

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Expert views: Google's Pixel to make dent into Apple ecosystem

LENGTH: 494  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 5 -- Google's newly-launched artificial intelligence-powered
premium device Pixel will impact Apple's iPhone ecosystem and even Samsung's
flagship premium device Note 7 to an extent, experts have said.


 Samsung has delayed on its Note 7 owing to battery explosion fears, thus
creating a void in the premium segment.
 India is among the first six countries where Pixel is being launched. Starting
at Rs, 57,000, the device will be available for pre-order in the country
starting October 13.
 "Google, while merging software and hardware towards creating a new ecosystem,
poses a direct threat to the Apple ecosystem. Pixel will come with the newest
Android operating system - Android 7.1 Nougat. Pixel phones will also get
software and security updates as soon as they are available, directly from
Google," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems at New
Delhi-based Counterpoint Research, told IANS.
 "On the other hand, the void created by the absence of Note 7 is also going to
help Pixel cement its position in the premium segment. Note 7 is yet to arrive
in India so Pixel may have a headstart here," Pathak told IANS.
 Pixel comes in two sizes - 5 and 5.5-inch - with 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4
protected super AMOLED display.
 Pixel is first smartphone with Google Assistant - a built-in AI programme that
works as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator like Apple's
"Siri".
 Users can have a natural conversation with Google to find answers or get things
done on the go. Say "Ok Google" or touch and hold the Home button and Assistant
is ready to help.
 According to Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner, Google now has a
complete ecosystem in place and needs to focus on bolstering its distribution
network.
 "Having said that, it can't outsell devices like iPhone7 or Note 7 right now as
Apple and Samsung have hundred and thousands of touchpoints. Overnight, Google
can't outsell these brands. It has to build a robut distribution network to gain
ground," Gupta told IANS.
 "With controlling both hardware and software, Google is making a statement here
to deliver the best product powered with Google Assistant. Good news is that the
company will now reach out directly to its customers and not via partners,"
Gupta added.
 Although HTC has manufactured the smartphones, the new devices bear Google
branding.
 Google is also offering free and unlimited online storage for photos and videos
- in original quality. Pixel also comes pre-installed with Google Duo video
calling app and messaging app Allo.
 With powerhouse specifications, both the devices have similar hardware under
the hood. Pixel smartphones are fitted with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 821
Quad core (2x 2.15 Ghz and 2x1.6 Ghz) processors and 4GB RAM.
 Pixel has a 2770 battery while the 5.5-inch device has 3450 mAh battery. Both
devices support "Quick Charge" technology, promising 7 hours of battery life
with just 15 minutes of charging.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                October 09, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

Google drops some cool tech on market

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 828 words


Most of us still think of Google as a search engine, but it's so much more than
that. It's a major cloud storage company through Google Drive and Photos, it's
the world's biggest e-mail provider thanks to Gmail, and its self-driving car
project has already ensured Google's place â[#x20ac]¨in history as an automotive
pioneer.

Now, the California-based tech juggernaut has signalled its intention to be a
serious player in the mobile communications and tech hardware space with the
release of a clutch of new gadgets and gizmos.

The headline items at the Tuesday launch event in San Francisco were its two
Pixel-branded smartphones.

Google's software heart already beats inside the majority of the world's
smartphones in the form of its Android operating system. But the Pixel and Pixel
XL were the first to be designed from the ground up by Google - both hardware
and software.

As Google chief executive Sundar Pichai put it, Pixel is the "first phone made
by Google, inside and out".

By all accounts they're top-notch devices with the build quality and specs (
Google claims the cameras are the best in a smartphone) to take on the flagship
phones from reigning heavyweights, Apple and Samsung.

Unfortunately, they're also priced to match, rather than beat, their
competitors, with the 5-inch Pixel starting at $649 (R8â[#x20ac][0/00]920) and
the 5.5-inch Pixel XL starting at $769. Those prices are for the versions with
32GB of internal storage. You'll need to add $100 to each for the 128GB
versions.

Within mere hours of the launch, Twitter and other social media were echoing
with howls of outrage from Google fans complaining that the company had priced
the devices too high.â[#x20ac]¨They have a point.

On specs alone, the Pixel phones may struggle in a head-to-head contest with
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge or Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both competitors are water resistant while the Pixels are not, and both Samsung
and Apple will, I'm sure, contest Google's best smartphone camera claim.

But Google isn't competing on hardware and specs alone. Owners of the new Pixels
will get the latest updates to the Android operating system as soon as Google
releases them, instead of waiting months, sometimes forever, for third-party
manufacturers to roll them out.

And the Pixels will, for now, also be the only phones in the world to come with
Google's new artificial intelligence service, Google Assistant, built in.

Users can talk directly to Google Assistant to get information or perform tasks.

Think of it as a more powerful and human-like version of its existing Google Now
feature or Apple's Siri.

Gummi Hafsteinsson, a leader on the Assistant engineering team described it as a
natural progression of what Google's been doing for years. "Search has always
been about finding things, first with a text box you type into, then natural
language queries," he said.

"So now we're moving from a box you type into to more of a conversation with
Google, so we can help answer questions and get things done to help people
throughout the day."

Will that be enough to give the Pixels an edge over the other premium-priced
phones? Maybe. But against a wave of well made, high-specced newcomers from the
likes of Huawei and Xiaomi that cost significantly less - some have 90 percent
of the capability at half the price - I suspect Google may find them a tough
sell.

The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are already available for pre-order in the US, UK
and a handful of a other markets. There's no word yet on when they'll be
available in South Africa and at what price.

One device launched on Tuesday that I will be buying as soon as it's available
locally is Google Home, a compact table-top speaker that's been given a dose of
artificial intelligence (AI) courtesy of Google Assistant.

At $129 (R1â[#x20ac][0/00]800) its cheaper than the product it's clearly
designed to take on, Amazon's Echo - a runaway success in the US market but yet
not available in SA.

With the smarts of Google Assistant and the full power of the search giant's
knowledge banks at its disposal it's likely to trump the Echo in every
department except easy voice-powered ordering from Amazon, hardly a handicap in
â[#x20ac]¨my books.

Depending on your views on privacy, having a device in your kitchen, living room
or bedroom (or all three) that's waiting to respond to your every command
through its array of built in mics linked to the world's most powerful
publicly-available AI is either geek's dream come true or a dystopian nightmare
in the making.

As you've probably guessed, I'm in the geek dream camp. I already find Google
Now a hugely valuable tool and if Assistant takes that to the next level, I'll
happily welcome it into my home.

Feel free to say "I told you so" when the Terminators arrive.

lâ[#x20ac]¯Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper for updates on local
availability and pricing of the Pixel phones and Google Home as well as the
Google Wi-Fi internet router, Daydream View VR headset and 4K Chromecast Ultra
also launched this past week.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                                October 09, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

Geekbeard Online with Alan Cooper Google drops some cool tech on market

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 826 words


Most of us still think of Google as a search engine, but it's so much more than
that. It's a major cloud storage company through Google Drive and Photos, it's
the world's biggest e-mail provider thanks to Gmail, and its self-driving car
project has already ensured Google's place in history as an automotive pioneer.

Now, the California-based tech juggernaut has signalled its intention to be a
serious player in the mobile communications and tech hardware space with the
release of a clutch of new gadgets and gizmos.

The headline items at the Tuesday launch event in San Francisco were its two
Pixel-branded smartphones.

Google's software heart already beats inside the majority of the world's
smartphones in the form of its Android operating system. But the Pixel and Pixel
XL were the first to be designed from the ground up by Google - both hardware
and software.

As Google chief executive Sundar Pichai put it, Pixel is the "first phone made
by Google, inside and out".

By all accounts they're top-notch devices with the build quality and specs (
Google claims the cameras are the best in a smartphone) to take on the flagship
phones from reigning heavyweights, Apple and Samsung.

Unfortunately, they're also priced to match, rather than beat, their
competitors, with the 5-inch Pixel starting at $649 (R8â[#x20ac][0/00]920) and
the 5.5-inch Pixel XL starting at $769. Those prices are for the versions with
32GB of internal storage. You'll need to add $100 to each for the 128GB
versions.

Within mere hours of the launch, Twitter and other social media were echoing
with howls of outrage from Google fans complaining that the company had priced
the devices too high.â[#x20ac]¨They have a point.

On specs alone, the Pixel phones may struggle in a head-to-head contest with
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge or Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both competitors are water resistant while the Pixels are not, and both Samsung
and Apple will, I'm sure, contest Google's best smartphone camera claim.

But Google isn't competing on hardware and specs alone. Owners of the new Pixels
will get the latest updates to the Android operating system as soon as Google
releases them, instead of waiting months, sometimes forever, for third-party
manufacturers to roll them out.

And the Pixels will, for now, also be the only phones in the world to come with
Google's new artificial intelligence service, Google Assistant, built in.

Users can talk directly to Google Assistant to get information or perform tasks.

Think of it as a more powerful and human-like version of its existing Google Now
feature or Apple's Siri.

Gummi Hafsteinsson, a leader on the Assistant engineering team described it as a
natural progression of what Google's been doing for years. "Search has always
been about finding things, first with a text box you type into, then natural
language queries," he said.

"So now we're moving from a box you type into to more of a conversation with
Google, so we can help answer questions and get things done to help people
throughout the day."

Will that be enough to give the Pixels an edge over the other premium-priced
phones? Maybe. But against a wave of well made, high-specced newcomers from the
likes of Huawei and Xiaomi that cost significantly less - some have 90 percent
of the capability at half the price - I suspect Google may find them a tough
sell.

The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are already available for pre-order in the US, UK
and a handful of other markets. There's no word yet on when they'll be available
in South Africa and at what price.

One device launched on Tuesday that I will be buying as soon as it's available
locally is Google Home, a compact table-top speaker that's been given a dose of
artificial intelligence (AI) courtesy of Google Assistant.

At $129 (R1â[#x20ac][0/00]800) its cheaper than the product it's clearly
designed to take on, Amazon's Echo - a runaway success in the US market but yet
not available in SA.

With the smarts of Google Assistant and the full power of the search giant's
knowledge banks at its disposal it's likely to trump the Echo in every
department except easy voice-powered ordering from Amazon, hardly a handicap in
my books.

Depending on your views on privacy, having a device in your kitchen, living room
or bedroom (or all three) that's waiting to respond to your every command
through its array of built in mics linked to the world's most powerful
publicly-available AI is either geek's dream come true or a dystopian nightmare
in the making.

As you've probably guessed, I'm in the geek dream camp. I already find Google
Now a hugely valuable tool and if Assistant takes that to the next level, I'll
happily welcome it into my home.

Feel free to say "I told you so" when the Terminators arrive.

lâ[#x20ac]¯Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper for updates on local
availability and pricing of the Pixel phones and Google Home as well as the
Google Wi-Fi internet router, Daydream View VR headset and 4K Chromecast Ultra
also launched this past week.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Google Pixel smartphones to arrive on October 4, confirms company

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 266  words


Google has officially confirmed that it will host a smartphone launch event on
October 4!

Google has sent out invites for an event on October 4 in San Francisco, where it
is expected to unveil its new phone line - Pixel. The devices will most likely
run Android Nougat. Additionally, Google may unveil Google Home, Daydream VR and
a Chromecast capable of 4K playback.

Google has unveiled a teaser page which offers a "Keep me updated about devices
from Google" along with a video posted to its YouTube channel.

While we've seen a few leaks regarding both phones' specifications, this time
around, the rumours talk about the OS inside. A leaked benchmark test on
Geekbench indicates both the upcoming PIxel and Pixel XL smartphones will ship
with Android 7.1 Nougat. In addition, the Google Pixel will feature a 1.6GHz
quad-core Snapdragon processor (likely the Snapdragon 820) with 4GB RAM.

In other leaks, Phone Arena spotted possible renders for the Pixel and Pixel XL,
while Android Headlines, came across TPU cases available on AliExpress. Assuming
the designs on both are correct, it appears the Pixel XL will sport a
fingerprint scanner on the rear panel, similar to the Nexus 5X and 6P, The Pixel
will sport a 5-inch display, while the Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch display.

Also set for the event are Google Home, a voice-controlled smart home assistant
which debuted at Google I/O in May, a Chromecast media streaming device that
will support 4K ultra HD resolution, and a personal viewer device for its
Daydream VR program (also announced at Google I/O.)

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday
                             Print & First Editions

Google's Pixel phone has plenty of answers;
Review

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 618 words


Ask Google's new phone, the Pixel, how old Nick Cave is, and it will come back
to you with the answer: he's 59.

That much, any Android phone can do. But make the next question "What are his
best songs", and that's when it starts to get interesting. That's when the
Pixel's most interesting new feature, the artificial intelligence engine known
as Google Assistant, starts to show you how it's different from the voice
queries in other phones.

Google Assistant figures out you're still talking about Nick Cave, so it comes
back to you with a list of the first few songs from his "Best of" album. OK, so
that wasn't exactly the question, but at least it means you can string multiple
queries together, the way humans do all the time when they're conversing with
other humans.

The next question works too: "When did his son die?" brings up an article about
the tragic death of his son, Arthur. But it's not a properly internalised
response from Google Assistant: it's just a web clipping, undigested by the
artificial intelligence engine, which means the conversation has gone down a
blind alley.

Make your next question "And how old was he?", and the answer comes back as if
you were still talking about Nick: he's 59.

Google might have 70 billion facts at it fingertips courtesy of its search
engine, powering the artificial intelligence behind the Pixel phone, but it
doesn't use all of them with the same level of intelligence. You don't have to
use Google Assistant very long before you fall out of the AI and into something
more akin to traditional voice search.

But, still, it's impressive, and it will be very handy. You can ask the Pixel
"What is the best cafe near me?", look at the answer that comes up on the
screen, and then ask the Pixel "How do I get there?" to bring up directions.

Or you can tell it (as I did) "My name is John", it will tell you that it has
noted that fact, and then later you can ask it "Who am I?" and it will tell you
that you are John. Or whatever your name is.

Which means, the Pixel can learn, which means it will get better at doing things
for you over time.

Though, it doesn't learn everything. After asking four or five questions about
Nick Cave, I asked the Pixel "What musicians am I interested in?" and it didn't
make the connection back to Mr Cave. I told it "I live at the Sydney Opera
House" and then later I asked it "Where do I live?" and it came back to me with
the address that was listed in Google Maps as the owner's home location.

In the 20 or so minutes I had previewing the Pixel at its launch event in
Sydney, I also got the chance to briefly test the camera, which Google claims is
the best camera ever to appear in a smartphone. To support that claim it's using
a rating system that isn't always a reliable indicator of camera greatness
(other cameras that have topped the ratings have turned out to be far from the
best cameras on the market) so it very much remains to be seen just how good the
camera on the Pixel actually is.

But I did manage to take a handful of shots of foliage with the Pixel, as well
as four similar shots with an iPhone 7 (which I rate as having the second best
camera on the market, behind the camera Samsung uses in its Galaxy Note7 and
Galaxy S7). And I have to say that the Pixel might yet live up to Google's
claim.

Getting Google Assistant to converse just like a human is not going to be easy,
and it's not something Google will pull off in the life of the Pixel, its first
phone. As Google itself admits, perfecting artificial intelligence on a phone is
going to be a long, long journey.

Much farther than my trip home to the Opera House. Or wherever I live.

The Pixel can learn - it will get better at doing things for you over time.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                    September 21, 2016 Wednesday 9:35 AM GMT

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: All the latest news and rumours about the new Andriod
smartphones;
Everyth8ing you need to know about the iPhone 7 rivals ahead of the official
launch

BYLINE: By Rebecca Koncienzcy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 890 words


Looking for an alternative to Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus ? Well, Google
may have the answer for you as they prepare to unveil two new phones over the
next few weeks.

The tech team behind Google's venture into smartphones seems to be planning to
ditch the Nexus brand that they have currently been working under in favour of '
Pixel', a name they have used on laptops and tablets in the past.

According to the latest rumours, the search giant is set to launch the new
Andriod-based phones in early October with the company overseeing the design
process and latest software.

So, with the iPhone 7 hype calming down, all eyes are firmly on Google for the
next big gadget announcment.

The unveiling for Google's new phones seems pretty clear cut - the company
itself has just revealed a teaser video for an event on October 4th.

The video is a simple one: A standard horizontal search box slowly morphs
inwards and upwards until it resembles the outline of a typical smartphone.
Finally the date October 4 appears alongside Google's logo.

The caption to the video, posted on YouTube, simply reads "Something new to love
on Oct 4."

As for the release date, things are a little murkier. Google will want to have
the phones in store as soon as possible to compete with Apple's iPhone 7.
Therefore it's reasonable to expect the new Pixel phones to land towards the end
of October. If not, expect to see them around the first week of November.

Like the unveiling date, the name of the two new phones seem certain to be the
Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will have 5-inch display, and the Pixel XL
will come in at 5.5 inches.

"Speaking to two independent sources, we now strongly believe that Google's
formerly-maybe-Nexus-phones, Marlin and Sailfish, will be marketed as the Pixel
and the Pixel XL," wrote David Ruddock from Android Police .

While it's not yet confirmed who will be making the handsets, Android Police
have suggested that HTC will behind both of the handsets, while other rumours
have suggested it will be split between HTC and LG.

The only things to distinguish the Pixel from the Pixel XL will be screen and
battery size, with both models boasting quad-core Qualcomm processors, 4GB of
RAM, and 12-megapixel cameras.

By ditching the Nexus name, Google is no doubt trying to put more of its own
stamp onto its smartphones.

There have even been suggestions that Google follow Apple's lead and take
manufacturing completely in-house - so that it has complete control over the
over the design and engineering of its devices, as well as the software.

New iPhone 7 user could not resist giving it a quick bath

So far it seems unlikely that Google will follow Apple's lead and ditch the
headphone jack on the bottom of its new phones.

In fact, leaked images supposedly showing the upcoming Pixel phones give us an
idea of what to expect.

Both have a similar design to last year's well-received Nexus 6P albeit with a
thinner bezel that means a near edge-to-edge display.

The images appeared on German site WinFuture and are believed to have come from
a Hong Kong-based parts dealer.

Interestingly, some tech commentators are saying the phones will have a
dual-lens camera similar to the iPhone 7 Plus.

There are two schools of thought when it comes to the pricing for Google's next
fleet of phones.

Firstly, it may follow Apple's model of simply swapping the new phones in to the
existing prices. That would mean the Pixel would launch at £299 for the 16GB
version and £339 for the 32GB model.

The Pixel XL meanwhile would take the place of the Nexus 6P at £449 for 16GB,
£499 for 64GB and £579 for 128GB.

The second school of thought is that Google will up the premium-ness of its
phones (as it did with the Pixel brand of Chromebook) and therefore raise
prices. We're not sure what kind of prices that means, but it probably won't be
cheap.

Crafty new Whatsapp feature now means people can't ignore you

One thing we do know about the new Pixel phones is they will ship with Google's
latest version of Android. That means improved efficiency and (hopefully) better
battery life.

Our friends at Alphr have an idea of what kind of power the new blowers will be
packing.

"The Pixel XL will have a 5.5in 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM, USB Type-C, rear-facing fingerprint reader,
12-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facing one. It will also have a
beefy 3,450mAh battery and standard 32GB of storage, with the option to upgrade
to a 128GB if needed," the site claims.

Pre-ordered iPhone 7s are not being delivered today and people FUMING

"The Pixel has similar specs, but it's clearly the lower-end of the two
flagships. It will sport a 5in Full HD AMOLED display, quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit
processor, 4GB of RAM, the same cameras as the XL and a smaller 2,770mAh
battery. As expected, it will also come with a rear-mounted fingerprint reader
and a USB Type-C port."

If you don't like the idea of an iPhone 7 there's a lot to suggest Google's
phones will offer a decent alternative. These phones will be developed to
Google's spec so should have the best integration with Android on the market.

What's more, they're going to be entirely free of the third-party bloatware
commonly loaded onto Android phones by other manufacturers.

We'll have to wait until October 4 to really find out what Google has planned.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Google Pixel: Assistant, camera add up to win-win;
Intelligent smartphone destined to be major player

BYLINE: Ed Baig

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 766 words


Google's new Pixel phones should be on a smartphone shopper's short list -- and
not just for those disheartened by Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 recall.

Pixel is a winner for anyone looking for an excellent phone. Start with cameras
that are at the very least on par with the terrific cameras on the Samsung
Galaxy S7 and iPhone 7. Add the baked-in voice-enabled Google Assistant,
Google's answer to Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Amazon's Alexa, where
another battleground is poised to take place. Google's voice brings a high IQ
and a world of potential.

Over  several days, I've been testing the larger of the two Pixel models, the
Pixel XL, which boasts a lovely Quad HD 5.5-inch display and costs $769 for 32
gigabytes of storage or $869 for 128 GB. The smaller Pixel has a full HD 5-inch
screen and costs $649 or $749, respectively.

The phones are already on back order and will be available through Verizon
(exclusive U.S. carrier), at Best Buy, via Google's Project Fi or Google's own
Play Store. You can get an unlocked version that will work with any of the other
major U.S. carriers. Key takeaways:

Design: Pixels are crafted out of an aerospace-grade aluminum slab and glass.
The XL model is a tad shorter than the iPhone 7 Plus. The relatively wide bezels
on the front appear to be mostly wasted real estate, as there are no physical
buttons. On the upper third of the back, Pixel has a Gorilla Glass-covered glass
shade that reveals smudges.

What I do like is that there's no camera bump -- the rear lens and flash lie
flat. The fingerprint sensor you can use to unlock the phone is also on the
rear.

Pixels run the latest version of Android called Nougat and with Google in
charge, you ought to get software updates as soon as they are ready. The phone
has a robust Qualcomm processor.

And score one for Google against the iPhone 7: Pixel has the same standard
3.55mm headphone connector that the iPhone 7 got rid of and that every other
smartphone I know has.

Alas, there's only a single speaker on Pixel; Apple added stereo speakers to the
iPhone 7 and other smartphones also have them. And unlike the iPhone 7 or
ill-fated Galaxy Note 7, Pixel is not fully water-resistant.

Camera. I detected only subtle differences between the pictures and videos I
shot here (under all sorts of lighting conditions) and those I've captured on a
Galaxy or the iPhone. Consider that high praise. I was impressed with the color
and fine detail on most shots. By double-twisting the phone, you can switch from
the rear camera to the front 8-megapixel selfie camera or back, a trick that
usually worked.

Maybe as important as the picture quality is what you can do with your images.
Google is giving Pixel owners unlimited free cloud storage at full resolution
for all the pictures and videos shot with the phone, including 4K video. That's
a big deal.

Google Assistant:  Google is pushing the conversational aspects of its AI-based
Assistant further than its rivals'.

I asked Assistant to "tell me about my day" and it reported weather, told me
what appointments I had coming and how long my commute would take. Without
prompting, it then played radio broadcasts from NPR, Fox, News, Bloomberg and
BBC.

When I asked it to show me pictures of Sydney with horses, it correctly surmised
that I meant my daughter, Sydney, rather than Sydney, Australia, and found
pictures I'd taken of her with horses. When I instead asked the Assistant to
"show me pictures of Sydney with bridges" it pulled pictures of the Sydney
Harbour Bridge off the Web.

It even identified songs where I knew only a few of the lyrics and played them.

Most promising is the idea you can continue a conversation without repeating
search parameters at each step. I asked Google to show me pictures of dogs and
it did so off the Web. Without mentioning dogs, I followed up with "how about by
the beach?" It surfaced Web images of canines by the beach. Impressive.

Battery. The phone kept a charge well into the evenings during mixed use; since
I never ran it down, I didn't get to test a fast-charging feature that Google
claims can get you up to seven hours of juice in just 15 minutes.

Pixel will be the first phone to support Google Daydream, but the mobile
virtual-reality headset wasn't yet available for testing.

The phones are powerful and darn intelligent and demonstrate Google's commitment
to be a major player in the space.

BOTTOM LINE

Pixel by Google

$649 on up;

store.google.com

Pro. Google

Assistant, excellent camera, free cloud photo storage, free support,
Daydream-ready, fast USB-C charging

Con. Not water-resistant, only a single speaker

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Pixel C is Google's Chromebook-design tablet that runs Android M

BYLINE: Karthekayan Iyer

LENGTH: 233  words


Google also showed a preview of Pixel C tablet that has same design like
Chromebook Pixel but runs Android Marshmallow

At the Nexus event, Google also announced a new kind of offering called Pixel C.
Pixel C is an Android Marshmallow tablet aimed to enhance productivity. While
Google didn't really use the word 'productivity' but it has added a keyboard,
presumably with this in mind to the large-screen tablet.

Google Pixel C features a 10.2-inch display and like Nexus 6P
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/mobile-tabs/google
-nexus-6p-launched/) and Nexus 5X
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/mobile-tabs/google
-nexus-5x-launched/) features a USB Type-C connector. Powering the tablet is an
Nvidia Tegra X1 chipset with 3GB RAM. The design eschews the design of
Chromebook Pixel and comes with magnetic keyboard.

Google said the keyboard has an 18.8mm pitch and attaches to the tablet via
magnetic latch and has bluetooth. The keyboard has its own battery and charges
when the tablet is folded with keyboard on top of the display via inductive
charging.

Google Pixel C doesn't come with a kickstand like Microsoft
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/microsoft/) Surface Pro 3 but when connected to
keyboard, the tablet can be adjusted from 100 to 135 degrees. Notable omission
here is the stylus.

Google says the both Pixel C and the keyboard will be available in time for the
holidays.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Google's Chromebook Pixel: A high-end, high-priced touchscreen laptop

BYLINE: By Brandon Bailey bbailey@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 924 words


SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT (publ. 2/23/2013, pg. 2A)
An article and fact box incorrectly reported the price for the Verizon
LTE-enabled model of Google's new Chromebook Pixel laptop. The correct price is
$1,449.

SAN FRANCISCO -- Betting that computer users are increasingly "committed to
living in the cloud,"GoogleGOOG ) on Thursday added to the line of laptops
running its Chrome operating system by introducing a new high-end, high-priced
notebook computer with touch-screen capability.

The new Chromebook Pixel laptop has an ultrahigh-resolution screen that's
intended to outshineApple'sAAPL ) vaunted "Retina" screen. And unlike earlier
Chromebook models that Google sells for $249 as second or third computers for
workers, students and home users, the new machine is aimed at "power users" who
might fork over $1,299 for a Wi-Fi model or $1,449 for a version that will
connect to Verizon's high-speed LTE network.

That's a price many people would expect to pay for a MacBook Air or a premium
Windows-based "Ultrabook," which come with more built-in storage and run widely
used applications from Apple and Microsoft. One industry expert predicted the
Pixel will have difficulty competing against that field.

"Even with beautiful hardware and a great screen, you're basically competing
with very high-end, premium devices that at the end of the day can do an awful
lot more things that consumers want to do," said Michael Gartenberg, a personal
technology analyst at the Gartner research group. "At that price point, I don't
think we're going to see a whole lot sold."

But another analyst, Richard Shim of NPD DisplaySearch, said the Pixel
capitalizes on trends that favor sleeker design, touch capability and other
premium features. As consumers become accustomed to using smartphones and
tablets alongside traditional PCs, he added, "that's providing an opportunity
for nontraditional brands" including Google's Chromebooks.

Chromebooks have relatively small amounts of built-in flash memory -- 32 or 64
gigabytes -- and no hard drive, because the Chrome operating system was designed
to use files and software applications that are stored "in the cloud," on
servers reached via the Internet. With its new Pixel laptop, Google is offering
a staggering 1,000 gigabytes of free online storage for three years.

"There's a set of users who spend money to buy full-fledged laptops, but this is
targeted to a segment who have committed to living in the cloud," said Sundar
Pichai, Google's senior vice president for Chrome.

Developed and built by Google, using a contract manufacturer in Taiwan, the new
laptop represents a further step by the Internet search giant into the business
of making its own hardware devices. But the Chrome software is designed to
encourage people to use Google's Web-based services, which are often integrated
with its search and advertising business.

"I think it's less that they want to be in the hardware business and more that
they want to guide the market toward new usage models" that rely on Web-based
services, Shim added.

Pichai contended Thursday that many businesses and consumers are already
embracing the cloud model. "Many companies have committed to using Google Apps,"
he said, referring to Google's suite of Web-based email, word-processing,
spreadsheets and other programs.

Consumers are also using more Web-based apps, he added, joking that, "my mom and
dad live in the cloud. They just don't know what the cloud is."

Google designed the Pixel for users who want premium features, including a full
keyboard, an extra-tall touch screen and a high-speedIntelINTC ) processor,
Pichai told reporters at a launch event. While other companies sell touch-screen
laptops, he said none match the clarity of the new Chromebook's 239 pixels per
inch.

"I'm pretty sure every laptop will have touch (capability) in the future, so we
want to push that forward," he said.

While critics of earlier Chromebooks have complained about limited apps and
inability to use popular software made by Microsoft and Apple, Pichai said the
Pixel has new software that makes it easy for Chrome users to edit documents and
spreadsheets that were created with Microsoft programs.

Google is developing more programs and working with independent developers to
create more apps for the Chrome touch screen, he added.

By moving into touch computing, Chrome is potentially competing with Google's
other operating system, Android, which powers a number of smartphones and
tablets. "The lines do blur," Pichai acknowledged, but he said the two systems
are compatible, so files and applications look the same on a Chromebook as they
do on an Android smartphone.

"This helps us make apps look great across multiple screens," he said, adding
that many users won't know or care which software they're using.

Google is selling the newest Chromebook through its online store and on Best
Buy's website. Pichai did not answer directly when asked about rumors that
Google is planning to open its own retail stores.

Contact Brandon Bailey at 408-920-5022; follow him at Twitter.com/BrandonBailey.

chromebook pixel specs

Screen: 12.85-inch touch-enabled, with 3:2 aspect ratio and pixel density of 239
ppi (2560 x 1700).
Storage: 32 or 64 GB solid state drive; one TB of Google Drive online storage
free for three years.
Components: Intel Core i5 processor (1.8Ghz); 4 GB RAM.
Battery life: up to 5 hours active use.
Weight: 3.35 pounds.
Other features include full keyboard and touchpad; HD webcam.
Price: $1,299 for Wi-Fi model; $1,449 for Verizon LTE version.
Source: Google

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: People test the the Google Chromebook Pixel laptop after an
announcement in San Francisco, Thursday, Feb. 21, 2013. Google is adding a new
touch to its line of Chrome laptops in an attempt to outshine personal computers
running on software made by rivals Microsoft and Apple. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
A man uses the Google Chromebook Pixel laptop computer after an announcement in
San Francisco, Thursday, Feb. 21, 2013. Google is adding a new touch to its line
of Chrome laptops in an attempt to outshine personal computers running on
software made by rivals Microsoft and Apple. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
Sundar Pichai, Google's senior vice president of Chrome and apps, discusses the
Google Chromebook Pixel laptop computer at an announcement in San Francisco,
Thursday, Feb. 21, 2013. Google is adding a new touch to its line of Chrome
laptops in an attempt to outshine personal computers running on software made by
rivals Microsoft and Apple. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
A Chromebook Pixel is on display on February 21, 2013 as Google unveiled in San
Francisco the touch-screen notebook computer designed for high-end users. Google
said its Chromebook Pixel computers blending tablet and laptop technology,
boasting heavyweight Intel chips and screens tailored for rich graphics, were
released in the United States and Britain. AFP PHOTO/GLENN CHAPMANGLENN
CHAPMAN/AFP/Getty Images
Google product manager Kan Li unveils the company's new Chromebook Pixel on
February 21, 2013 in San Francisco . Google said its Chromebook Pixel computers,
a touch-screen notebook designed for high-end users, blends tablet and laptop
technology, boasting heavyweight Intel chips and screens tailored for rich
graphics. AFP PHOTO/GLENN CHAPMANGLENN CHAPMAN/AFP/Getty Images
The Chromebook Pixel laptop from Google. (Google photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     October 20, 2016 Thursday 11:08 AM GMT

Google Pixel goes on UK sale TODAY - here's how to get one and how much it'll
cost;
Google's premium phone is finally on sale in the UK and has two different models
to choose from

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 449 words


The Google Pixel is the Android answer to the iPhone 7 and, after weeks of
waiting, it's now available to buy in the UK.

The bad news is it's expensive: Buying directly from Google or Carphone
Warehouse means you can pick up the phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off
price of £599 for the 5-inch version and £719 for the 5.5-inch one.

That's if you decide to go with 32GB of storage. If you opt for 128GB you're
looking at £699 for the Pixel and £819 for the Pixel XL.

Google Pixel storage: How much space do you REALLY get on the new 32GB
smartphone?

You might be swayed by some of the positive reviews that have analysed the phone
since it was announced earlier this month.

We said that: "For Android purists, the Google Pixel is the best phone you can
buy - even if it costs the same as Apple's high priced iPhone 7." And you can
read the full review right here .

You can buy the phone directly through the Google Store, or you can choose to
buy it through the high street Carphone Warehouse chain . Carphone is selling it
on a couple of different networks, but you can also buy an unlocked SIM-free
version.

Alternatively, if you'd rather buy it through a contract then EE is the best
option as it is the exclusive direct network partner for the Pixel.

With EE, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month, 24 month 4GEE plan, which comes
with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month for
existing customers.

Google Pixel vs OnePlus 3: Which is the best Android phone to buy in 2016?

The Pixel XL is also available free on a £55.99 a month, 24 month plan, and
comes with unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 10GB of mobile data a month
for existing customers.

4GEE Plan customers receive unlimited minutes, texts and 500MB of data a month
for use abroad in the EU. Alternatively, for just £5 per month more, you can get
Pixel and Pixel XL on 4GEE Max plans giving you access to the UK's fastest 4G
speeds, and inclusive access to the BT Sport App for the duration of the plan.

To celebrate the launch, the network dropped a giant Google Maps pin at Marble
Arch in London. It's taller than a double decker bus and nearly 700 times bigger
than the Google pin that appears on your phone screen.

The Pixel comes in two sizes: 5-inch and 5.5-inch. Both phones are exactly the
same when it comes to power, software and cameras.

Kodak launches smartphone for photographers - can it compete with the likes of
Apple and Samsung?

The difference is that the larger Pixel XL has a slightly bigger battery and a
better screen resolution. But it's also more expensive and not good if you've
got smaller hands.

Both phones come in a choice of either white ("Very Silver") or black ("Quite
Black").

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 22, 2013 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Google Chromebook: You can touch this;
Pixel targets cloud minders

BYLINE: Scott Martin, @scottysmartin, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 417 words


Google on Thursday showed off a sleek touch-screen laptop based on its Chrome
operating system, making a big bet on a premium-price, cloud-based machine in
direct aim at Apple.

The  search giant unveiled the new touch laptop, called the Chromebook Pixel, at
a press event here. The  device has the highest screen resolution available in a
laptop, Google said. "It's clear touch is here to stay, and it's the future,"
said Sundar Pichai, senior vice president of Chrome at Google.

Google's Chromebook Pixel, a sleek aluminum-encased machine, in many ways
physically resembles Apple's Mac lineup.

But the Pixel targets a generation of people whose photos and applications are
accessed  from  cloud-based services.  Nowadays, people spend most of their time
in a Web browser on Google, Facebook, Twitter, Amazon or any number of services.
The Chromebook Pixel will provide people 1 terabyte of data storage in the cloud
for three years.

"We think this is a real game changer in terms of people living in the cloud,"
Pichai said.

Google's Pixel tops the 2560-by-1600 resolution of Apple's Macbook Pro with its
Retina display, which Apple has touted as the highest-resolution notebook ever.

"What you're getting from our hardware in many ways is far superior" to Apple,
Pichai said.

Pixel laptops will be available at $1,299 for a 32-gigabyte  Wi-Fi version
(shipping next week) and $1,449 for a 64-GB 4G LTE version (scheduled to ship
the first week of April). People can order them  at the Google Play store and
at Best Buy stores.

Google has been turning up the heat on Microsoft's Windows and Office
franchises. Chromebooks from their  beginning featured a boot-up time of a few
seconds and quick access to Chrome search, Maps, Gmail, YouTube and Docs.  The
Pixel has added an integrated Google Drive with the massive storage addition.

Hardware manufacturers of those non-touch models include Samsung, Acer, Lenovo
and Hewlett-Packard, with prices starting at just $199.

"Google smells blood" at Microsoft, IDC analyst Crawford Del Prete said. "They
are an incredibly interesting proposition."

The new Chromebook is slightly more than half an inch thick and and weighs 3.3
pounds.

The Pixel has a 12.85-inch display that has twice as many pixels as a standard
HDTV, with 2560-by-1700 resolution, and uses Gorilla Glass, the durable glass
used in Apple's iPhones.

The Pixel packs an Intel Core i5, a dual-core 1.8GHz processor, and has 4GB of
DDR3 RAM memory. Google says the device's battery lasts up to five hours.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Google's touch-screen Chromebook.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

What time is Google's October 4 event 2016? Google Home release date, 4K
Chromecast and Pixel smartphones rumoured to be announced;
It is heavily rumoured that two new Android phones will be the focus at the
Google Pixel launch event - as well as several other new pieces of hardware

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 568 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting today.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Yesterday, the cat looked to be well and truly out of the bag thanks to Carphone
Warehouse. The UK retailer has inadvertently listed pictures and details of the
upcoming phones.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The event itself is being held in San Francisco and kicks off at 9am Pacific
Standard Time.

Over here in the UK, that equals 5pm in British Summer Time.

The event will be live-streamed on YouTube for any of those who can't make it
over to San Francisco in person.

Along with the two new smartphones, Google is going to try and push further into
your home with its other new kit.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

First up is expected to be a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

Amazon Echo smart speaker goes on sale in the UK - and Apple's already planning
a rival

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK, which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Google's 5 new devices, at a glance

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 800  words


Google announced its much-anticipated Pixel phones, a VR headset and a lot more!

Google introduced a slew of hardware devices at it's 'Made By Google' Event in
San Francisco. In all, five new products were unveiled which included two
smartphones, a VR headset, a media-streaming device, a new WiFi router along
with a smart consumer device for your home. Even though these gadgets don't
foray into an innovation, what's impressive among all things 'By Google' is how
they are all interconnected with just one thing that binds them together -
Artificial Intelligence.

1. Pixel and Pixel XL

Here they are! Google's very own smartphones. They're called Pixel and Pixel XL.
These devices will replace the Nexus brand line of smartphones offering by
offering a 'Pure Android' experience. Pixel is Google's baby, nurtured right
from the start, by having full authority over design, manufacturing and
everything. However, FCC filings did mention that HTC seems to be involved with
the production for these smartphones.

It is safe to say, Google Pixel picks up inspiration from the iPhone,
exclusively on the design front. It is offered in a 5-inch and 5.5-inch screen
with bundled specifications such as a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821
processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB and 128GB storage variants sans expandable storage,
Android 7.1 Nougat along with a 12.3MP rear camera and an 8MP front facing
camera.

The company touts the Pixel to feature the "best smartphone camera ever". It
receives a score of 89 from DXOMark, leaving the latest iPhone 7 at a score of
86. It is capable of taking clear photos in any light along with 4K
video-recording capabilities. The camera is said to open quicker than any other
smartphone camera as well.

To top it all, the Pixel smartphones have a headphone jack too!

Price: Google Pixel (32GB) - $649, Google Pixel (128GB) - $749, Google Pixel XL
(32GB) - $769, Google Pixel XL (128GB) - $869

Availability: Pre-oders begin in India on October 13.

2. Daydream View VR

Replacing the company's own Cardboard is, Daydream View VR. Making an entry for
the second time into virtual reality, Google's Daydream View VR is a clear
example of an old idea, repackaged in a fresh design. The device is made out of
lightweight, soft, flexible and breathable fabrics found in athletic wear. It
weighs roughly 220 grams and comes with a controller which sports smart sensors
with volume buttons. You can control Google Street View, YouTube, and Google
Photos apps from the remote itself. Additionally, you can watch 360 VR videos
with YouTube and explore the world at ease.

Price/Availability: To go on sale starting November at $79

3. Google Home

Simply start by saying, 'OK Google'. Google unveiled Home, the WiFi,
voice-controlled home assistant which plays songs, news and podcasts, as well as
streams from iOS and Android devices. It is powered by the smart Google
Assistant, a unique combination of Google Now paired with a voice-controlled
search. A simple voice request triggers Google Home to play music from services
like Google Play Music, Spotify, YouTube Music, Pandora and TuneIn.

It connects with smart devices like Chromecast, Nest and Philips Hue, so you can
use your voice to set the temperature or turn down the lights. Lastly, Google
Home includes a 'My day' feature that (with user permission) summarizes the day.
Controlling your home ambience doesn't get easier.

Price/Availability: Pre-orders begin November 4 at $129

4. Chromecast Ultra

Google unveiled the third-gen streaming player, Chromecast Ultra. It is said to
be 1.8 times faster than the previous model. The streaming device offers 4K
content, HDR and Dolby Vision along with Ethernet support. It is said to
automatically optimize your content for the best picture quality possible.

It sports a similar design to the previous Chromecast. Ultra features the chunky
'G' logo on the badge, with a small HDMI cord attached which can be plugged into
the TV.

The company also stated that till date, it has sold 30 million of its wireless
streaming Chromecast devices. It had a market share of about 35 percent of
streaming devices by end of 2015.

Price: To go on sale starting November at $69

5. Google WiFi

Google is taking hardware, seriously. At the event, the company also unveiled
Google WiFi, an effort into the home networking space, which will let you
control selective and block certain devices from the network. It includes
Network Assist which optimizes signals, placing users on the right channel as
they move around in the house. You can add modular router points for maximum
coverage in your home too.

Google says the new WiFi supports AC1200 wireless speeds, as well as dual-band
2.4GHz and 5GHz networks. It also includes support for Bluetooth Smart.

Price: Pre-orders begin November at $129 (single pack), $299 (three-pack)

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Moving Into Hardware, Google Introduces Pixel, a Smartphone of Its Own

BYLINE: By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 850 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- For all the bells and whistles of Google's new smartphone, the
biggest point of emphasis is tucked away in small type on the back of the
device: ''Phone by Google.''

Today, most of Google's smartphone software runs on devices manufactured by
companies like Samsung, LG Electronics and Lenovo, with Google's presence often
relegated to the background. But with its new Pixel smartphone, introduced
Tuesday at a press event, Google is front and center and selling a phone that it
created from the industrial design to the components.

Google's new strategy of controlling both hardware and software for its devices
puts the company more directly in competition with Apple and many of its own
Android partners. It's a necessity, Google says, because of the advent of
artificial intelligence.

Sundar Pichai, Google's chief executive, said devices with artificial
intelligence -- where computers can understand what people are saying and
respond conversationally with the right information at the right moment --
present a seminal moment in computing on par with the creation of the personal
computer, the World Wide Web and smartphones.

For Google, artificial intelligence takes form in the Google Assistant. Google
demonstrated how the Assistant, through a series of questions, can be used to
plan a night out -- from finding out about upcoming concerts at a certain venue
to booking a reservation at a restaurant or researching how long the drive from
the restaurant to the show will take.

''The goal is to build a personal Google for each and every individual,'' Mr.
Pichai said.

Pixel is the first smartphone with the Google Assistant built into the device.
It was part of a new-product barrage including a Wi-Fi router, a virtual reality
headset and a Chromecast device for streaming high-resolution video.

The Assistant is also a key part of another product the company introduced on
Tuesday, Google Home. As the company's answer to the Amazon Echo, Google Home is
a speaker that listens for questions or commands to play music or control
internet-connected devices. The Echo, which relies on A.I. software created by
Amazon called Alexa, has been a surprise hit and has been on the market for two
years.

The Echo's success informed an important part of Google's strategy: hardware
products that provide a vessel to get the Google Assistant into the hands of
consumers.

Its competitors are taking a similar path with their A.I. technology. Amazon is
now building Alexa into its other hardware products like Fire tablets and Fire
TV set-top boxes. Apple is considering expanding the reach of its virtual
assistant from the iPhone and iPad into the home with an Echo-like device.

''If you really want to make a step-change difference, you really have to design
the software and hardware together,'' said Rick Osterloh, who returned to Google
in April to be its senior vice president of hardware. He was the president of
Motorola when it was owned by Google and moved with the company when it was sold
to Lenovo in 2014.

Part of Mr. Osterloh's mandate is to make sense of Google's fragmented hardware
efforts, which span a wide range of devices, from Chromebook computers to Wi-Fi
routers. He said he planned to focus Google's hardware resources in areas that
highlight the company's software, while also creating a unified look and feel to
the devices.

Creating a uniform experience, especially in the world of smartphones, has been
a challenge for Google. Hardware manufacturers often modify Google's software to
make what they sell a little different from that of their competitors.

For the last six years, Google worked with other hardware manufacturers such as
Samsung and LG Electronics to develop the Nexus line of smartphones. Those
phones provided a showcase for the best of Google's software, but much of the
design and production process was handled by the company's hardware partners.

With Pixel, Mr. Osterloh said, ''we wanted to build things as Google intended.''

But becoming a hardware manufacturer is not easy. Google is now exposed to new
risks associated with a hardware business, such as managing inventory, providing
customer service and procuring components.

With the Pixel, Google clearly has Apple's iPhone in its sights. During an
onstage presentation, Mr. Osterloh said the Pixel doesn't have an ''unsightly
camera bump'' -- a reference to the protruding nub that sticks out from the
iPhone's rear camera.

In a commercial for the Pixel, Google also said its phone is all-new while
noting that the Pixel comes with a ''satisfyingly not new'' headphone jack.
Apple's latest iPhones come without a headphone jack, a design decision that has
sparked furious debate in the technology news media.

The Pixel, which is available for order, will come with a very iPhone-like
price, starting at $649. Google said Google Home will sell for $129 and be
available starting next month. The Pixel is available at Verizon and Best Buy
stores. For people who want to use the phone with a different carrier, Google
will sell the phone unlocked at its online store.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/05/technology/google-introduces-the-pixel
-its-own-smartphone.html

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Google presented an array of new products, including the Pixel
smartphone, in San Francisco on Tuesday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BECK DIEFENBACH/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              107 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Say hi to the new Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones

BYLINE: Thomas J. Donegan, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 229 words


Google is getting back into making phones.

The search giant and creator of the Android operating system debuted its two
newest flagship phones -- the Pixel and the Pixel XL -- at an event in San
Francisco on Tuesday.

Google has previously helped design "Nexus" phones such as the Huawei-made Nexus
6P and LG-made Nexus 5X, but the Pixel and Pixel XL will be the first phones to
bear the Google brand, with the tagline "Phone by Google."

Their return takes aim at Samsung, the top maker of Android phones, and
iPhone-maker Apple with state-of-the art hardware and artificial
intelligence-driven software -- the feature seen as giving the edge to tech
companies vying to dominate consumers' time and spending.

From a design and specification standpoint, the two Pixel phones are similar to
other current flagship smartphones on the market, with large high- definition
displays, 12-megapixel f/2.0 rear cameras and metal bodies. Google claims the
new phone is the best smartphone camera yet.

The Pixel will offer a 5-inch display and the Pixel XL will have a 5.5-inch
screen.

The first two features Google focused on during the announcement were the Google
Assistant and the improved camera software. Assistant allows you to have
Siri-like interactions that can leverage the full power of Google's search
results and the smart integration found in things such as the Google Now
launcher.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo photos by JOHN G. MABANGLO, European pressphoto agency

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Google has guaranteed you'll receive software updates for Pixel until 2018

LENGTH: 328  words


Google has made it very clear to Pixel and Pixel XL users that they will receive
software updates, at least until 2018 is finally over

Google has made it very clear that both its Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones are
going to receive software updates for at least 2 years. This ultimately means
that they will receive software updates till 2018. Unfortunately, those that are
in possession of Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P are going to receive software updates
till 2017, and after that, Google cannot guarantee that these two previous
generation phones will receive those much-awaited software updates.

One thing that we should point out is that if you do not root your Pixel or your
Pixel XL, then Google will roll out software updates for your device much
quicker than any other company on the planet that manufacturers Android phones.
These software updates can be triggered on your smartphone through an OTA
process, where all the necessary downloads and installation processes are going
to take place from within your phone.

Google has stated that after 2018, it cannot guarantee if these Pixel devices
will continue to receive software updates or not. It is possible that the
factory images of these smartphones are introduced which will allow you to flash
the software update on your Pixel and Pixel XL, but you'll have to be careful
with these. As for security updates, Google has also stated that both of its
flagship smartphones will receive these particular updates for at least 3 years,
which is a good sign.

However, we feel that the 2-year time period is far too less for devices that
are being sold for premium prices. Keep in mind that both Pixel and Pixel XL are
offered at the same price tag as the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, but software
support for iOS is much better since they will be compatible for these devices
over a larger stretch of time. Still, if you want stock-Android exclusive
features, then you should still opt to purchase a Pixel or a Pixel XL.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Google unveils Pixel to take on Apple's iPhone

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 478 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Alphabet Inc's

Google is going after a familiar foe: Apple Inc. The Mountain View-based maker
of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones on Tuesday , the
Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the iPhone.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US). The smaller model, which starts
at $649 for 32-gigabytes of storage, features a 5inch screen, while the bigger
model, priced at $769, has a 5.5inch screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus. A
128-gigabyte storage option is also available, with the larger device topping
out at $869 -also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature highresolution displays that Google said are sharper than the
iPhones', along with 12 mega pixel rear cameras, 8 mega pixel front cameras, and
Qualcomm's Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new
Siri-like digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualized, designed, engineered and tested
inhouse by Google. Similar to Apple's partnership with Foxconn in China, Google
is getting HTC Corp. to assemble the Pixel devices, Google's hardware chief Rick
Osterloh, said

in a recent interview.

Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going right after Apple
customers with a new option to automatically transfer data such as con

tacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched on. Google
included a physical adapter in the box that plugs the new devices into iPhones
to conduct the process. Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year,
allowing users to port their information over from Android gadgets.

\x93Premium is a very important category ,\x93 Hiroshi Lockheimer, head of
Android, said in a recent interview. \x93It's where Apple is also very strong.
Is there room for another player there? We think so.\x93

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customized by Google.The home screen includes a translucent
launcher that reveals circular icons as it gradually blurs the background
wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom. There's also a shortcut to summon
technical support. BLOOMBERG

To cost Rs 57,000 onwards in India

Starting at Rs 57,000, Pixel will be available for pre-order in India starting
October 13, 2016 on Flipkart and at over 1,000-plus organized and multi-brand
retail stores with leading retail partners, including Reliance Digital, Croma
and Vijay sales, among others, Google said. India is among the first six
countries where Pixel is being launched.

Pixel will be available in India in two sizes -5\x93 or 5.5\x93 -and two colors
-Quite Black and Very Silver -with memory configurations of 32GB and 128GB.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

5 things you need to know about the new Google Pixel smartphone

BYLINE: GWYN D'MELLO

LENGTH: 255  words


Basic specs and key features, here is the short version of why the Pixel is so
exciting.

Pixel is Google's latest smartphone offering, with the Nexus line being
effectively discontinued. Here are the key points you need to know about the
all-new Pixel and Pixel XL, which debuted at Google's October 4 launch event.

1. The Google Pixel features a 5-inch display while the Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch
screen. Both smartphones pack a quad-core Snapdragon 821 processor with 4GB RAM
and 32/128GG storage. They have USB Type-C support, a fingerprint scanner,
2770/3450mAh battery respectively.

2. The smartphone packs a 12.3MP rear cam, with a higher rating by DXOMARK than
any previous smartphone, even better than the iPhone 7. In addition, you get
free unlimited cloud storage for all your full resolution photos and videos.

3. The Pixel line Ships with Android Nougat and has the latest Google assistant
built in, meaning you can leverage the contextual searches and the entirety of
Google's services anywhere.

4. Google Pixel will also be Daydream ready, Google's own VR platform for
smartphones. With the additional hardware you'll not only be able to play VR
games, but also enjoy your movies and YouTube videos in virtual reality.

5. The phone will be available in Quite Black, Really Blue, and Very Silver
colour variants, starting at US $649 (approximately Rs 43,000. Preorders begin
today in US, Australia, Canada, Germany, and UK, while India will receive the
smartphone on October 13.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Google unveils new line of smartphones; Hardware launch comes as a direct
challenge to Apple and Samsung

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey, The Associated Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics giants like
Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones called Pixel
and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "
Google Assistant."

The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own
hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At
a starting price of roughly US$650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same
markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones.

GADGETS ON PARADE During a press event Tuesday, Google executives showed off a
series of gadgets in rapid succession. Its new Home device is a sleek
Internet-connected speaker that's designed to respond to voice commands, like
Amazon's popular Echo. A new virtual reality headset called Daydream View will
work with the new Pixel phones and other Android devices. Also unveiled were a
new Wi-Fi router and an update to the company's Chromecast streaming media
device.

In announcing the new Pixel phones, Google executives touted features like a
powerful camera, a long-lasting battery - and a dedicated headphone jack, which
Apple recently eliminated from its latest iPhones. The Pixel phones will be sold
in two screen sizes - five inches and 5.5 inches - and three colours: black,
silver and blue.

But they're clearly hoping that the new Pixel phones will be distinguished by
their use of Google's software. A central element of all the new devices is the
Google Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to deliver what CEO Sundar
Pichai described as "a personal Google for each and every user."

Google, which is best known for its widely used Internet search engine, makes
most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it is putting more
emphasis on hardware as it competes for consumers' attention with other leading
tech firms.

HARDWARE IS HARD New devices could help Google keep its services front and
centre in the battle for consumers' attention, said analyst Julie Ask at
Forrester Research. Unlike a new mobile app or other software, she noted, it can
be an expensive gamble to build and ship new hardware products. "But if you're
Google, you can't afford to stop placing bets."

Google has sold smartphones and tablets under the Nexus brand, which it launched
in 2010 as a way to show offthe best features of its Android software. But it
put little effort into promoting those devices, which have mostly ended up in
the hands of Google purists.

Android already powers the majority of smartphones sold around the world. But
Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones, has increasingly been adding more
of its own software - even its own Samsung Pay mobile wallet - on the phones it
sells. Another big rival, Apple, has built its own services, such as online maps
and its own Siri personal assistant, to replace Google's apps on the iPhone.
Google will sell its Pixel phones online, through retail chains like Best Buy
and various wireless carriers around the world, although the company said it has
an exclusive deal with Verizon in the United States.

HOME, BUT NOT ALONE Like the Pixel phones, the "Home" device uses Google's
digital "Assistant" service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search
the Internet, play music or perform other useful tasks. "Assistant" is the
company's answer to similar concierge services from rivals, including Siri,
Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 online and at
electronics retailers starting next month.

Leading tech companies are all competing to assist consumers in their online
activities, from search and navigation to shopping. That gives the companies a
better chance of selling advertising or other services. Home-based systems like
the Echo are taking on more importance as voice technology has improved, said
Forrester's Ask. "You can't assume somebody is going to go sit down at a
computer or pick up a phone and type in a question anymore," she said.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Eric Risberg, The Associated Press; Google CEO Sundar Pichai
introduces Google's own line of smartphones called Pixel, Tuesday in San
Francisco. The Pixel showcases a digital helper called "Google Assistant.";
Photos: Eric Risberg, The Associated Press;  The Pixel represents a push by
Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of just supplying software for
other manufacturers.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Pix of the bunch;
Star Tech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 623 words


THERE are some swanky new phones in town and they've got Google's name written
all over them.

The Pixel and Pixel XL are the first smartphones designed and made by the
internet giant.

They have stunning screens, fast processors, top-notch cameras and a
ridiculously high price. So are they worth it.

The phones officially go on sale today and here's our full review.

DESIGN

WHEN we first got our hands on the Pixel we were not that impressed.

Compared to Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge, the Pixel felt a little bland.

However, the simplistic design has grown on us and one thing is certain, this is
a premium device.

Google's new call maker features an aerospace-grade aluminium case which feels
solid in your hand and is definitely built to last.

To help the Pixel stand out, Google has added a touch of glass on the rear of
the device.

On first impressions we did wonder why it was plonked there, but we've actually
grown quite fond of this two-tone design.

The frosted glass also houses the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner which not
only unlocks the phone but also allows you to interact with the screen - a bit
like a laptop trackpad.

SCREEN

GOOGLE Pixel packs a screen good enough for any blockbuster movie.

The Pixel has a stunning five-inch AMOLED display, while its bigger brother gets
a pin-sharp Quad HD 5.5inch screen.

Unlike Samsung's newest devices, there's no edge-toedge design, but the Pixel
packs plenty of punch with content looking crisp, clean and bursting with
colour.

CAMERA

GOOGLE has made a big song and dance about its camera, boasting that it is the
best smartphone snapper on the market and they might just be right.

Pictures taken on the Pixel look incredible, particularly impressive considering
the small size of the lens.

Video can also be shot in Ultra HD 4K, while electronic image stabilisation is
included to keep your footage wobblefree. And all your snaps get backed-up
automatically for free in the cloud.

Bargain!

ASSISTANT

THE Pixel might not have a waterproof design or dual-lens camera but don't
panic, there are still plenty of party tricks.

This is the first smartphone to feature Google Assistant, which is there to help
guide you through life via the power of your voice. You can ask the Pixel
anything and get an instant reply, but where things get clever is the way
conversations continue.

Saying "Where's my nearest fish and chip shop" will bring up the usual
recommendations. But with a few follow-up questions, Google Assistant will give
you directions, opening times and even book you a table.

The voice control is hugely impressive. But talking to your phone still feels
odd.

BATTERY & SPEED

LEAVE your charger at home, the Pixel will easily plough through your daily fix
of Facebook, emails and WhatsApp chats.

We ran our gruelling Star Wars Trilogy test and it passed with flying colours,
with over 50% still left in the tank. That is far better than Apple's iPhone 7.
It also fastcharges in 15 minutes.

With the latest Qualcomm processor tucked inside, it's also fast and you
shouldn't find anything it cannot cope with.

PRICE

LOOK away now if you were hoping for a bargain.

The Pixel is not a budget smartphone and you'll need a healthy bank balance to
afford one.

Prices for the 5-inch Pixel start from £599 and rise to £819 for the
top-of-the-range XL. Ouch.

GOOGLE PIXEL REVIEW

****

from £599

Verdict

AFTER a few initial doubts, we have become quite smitten with the Pixel.

Google's first phone is friendly enough to make anyone at home with Android.

From its great camera, free back-up, and helpful assistant, everything about the
Pixel tries to make your life easier.

It's not water resistant, and nowhere near as sexy as its nearest competition,
but that's fine. If you can stomach the price, the Pixel is almost perfect.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOOGLE IT: The new phones are slick and easy to use

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Attack of the clone;
keeps you up to date with technology which future

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 530 words


GOOGLE is planning a full-scale assault to steal customers from arch-rival Apple
- with handsets that look just like the iPhone 7. But the software giant is keen
to point out one key difference between its new Pixel and Pixel XL devices.

They have a headphone jack - a feature controversially ditched from the Apple
product.

And, in a clear sign it wants to lure users, Google showed off a new feature to
move content such as photos, contacts and settings from an iPhone.

They are even including a lead in the box to connect a Pixel to an iPhone.

Crucially, Google and EE, the network selling the devices, plan a
multimillion-pound marketing campaign that will see the Pixel splashed across
adverts on TV, in print and on billboards.

An insider said: "By Christmas everyone will have heard of these phones."

Not only do the Pixel phones look like the iPhone 7, they have similar features
- detailed screens, top-of-the-range cameras and powerful processors.

They don't, however, have the dual-lens camera of the bigger 7 Plus. Pixel
handsets also feature Google Assistant, a new voiceactivated virtual personal
assistant that promises to answer questions and help organise users' days for
them.

Google reckons it is smarter than Apple's similar Siri service.

When demonstrated on stage, the feature let Pixel offer details on a restaurant
mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos and
directions.

First to have 'Phone by Google' branding Google drew laughs when it announced
the Pixel devices have a headphone jack.

They also come with unlimited "cloud" storage, a service where you can back-up
your photos, videos, contacts and emails on Google's computers.

It is similar to Apple's iCloud but that has a charge once you max out your free
allowance.

Many say they don't swap phones because of the hassle of moving settings between
rival devices, which is a key issue when switching between iPhones and devices
running Android.

To help make that easier, Google has come up with the new software and thrown in
a cable adapter.

The Pixel, with a 5in screen, and Pixel XL, which has a 5.5in one, are out on
October 20 and can be pre-ordered from EE.

On two-year contracts, the Pixel is free on a £50.99 a month deal and the XL on
£55.99. They come with unlimited minutes, texts and 10GB of data.

The phone can also be bought sim-free from £599 with 32GB of storage up to £819
with 128GB from Google or from Carphone Warehouse, which will also offer the
phone on contracts with other networks.

Google has been involved in handsets before, under the Nexus name, but these are
the first the company has fully designed.

And they are first to come under the "Phone by Google" branding.

The Nexus devices were produced with manufacturers including LG and Huawei and
were not sold or marketed widely.

APPLE iPHONE 7 Price: £599 Screen: 4.7in Resolution: 750 x 1,334 Camera: 12MP
front, 7MP rear Storage: 32GB, 128GB or 256GB RAM: 2GB Operating system: iOS 10
Weight: 4.87oz Ports: Lightning GOOGLE PIXEL Price: £599 Screen: 5in Resolution:
1,080 x 1,920 Camera: 12MP front, 8MP rear Storage: 32GB or 128GB RAM: 4GB
Operating system: Android 7.1 Weight: 5.04oz Ports: USB, headphones

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google launches AI-powered Pixel smartphone

LENGTH: 729 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 5 -- With an aim to lead the world of smartphones with its
artificial intelligence (AI)-based technology, Google on Tuesday launched
much-awaited Pixel -- a new premium device completely designed by the tech giant
with Google Assistant built right-in -- at a special event in San Francisco.

India is among the first six countries where Pixel is being launched. Starting
at Rs, 57,000, it will be available for pre-order in India starting October 13
on e-tailer website Flipkart and at over 1,000 plus multi-brand retail stores,
including Reliance Digital, Croma and Vijay sales, among others.

The launch also ended the Nexus branding under which the company has always
released phones in partnership with other original equipment manufacturers like
LG (for Google Nexus 5) and Huawei (for Google Nexus 6P).

Although HTC has manufactured the smartphones, the new device bears Google
branding.

With curved sculpted edges and a unibody made up of combination of aerospace
grade aluminum and glass, the device comes in two sizes -- 5 and 5.5-inch with
2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protected super AMOLED display. Pixel is available
in two -- quite black and very silver colours in India.

Pixel is first smartphone with Google Assistant -- a built-in AI programme that
works as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator.

With the Google Assistant, users can have a natural conversation with Google to
find answers or get things done on the go. Say "Ok Google" or touch and hold the
Home button and the Assistant is ready to help.

"Ask it for a brief update on your day or to play a video on YouTube, look up
traffic on the way home from work, find photos or when the nearest pharmacy
closes. The Assistant can also offer help with what's on-screen in any app. So
if your friend texts you to meet up at a new restaurant, you can just say
A'navigate there'," the company said in a statement.

With the highest ever DxOMark Mobile score of 89, Pixel's 12.3MP rear camera
with f/2.0 clicks stunning photos in any light condition -- #Nofilter needed.

Catch action shots as they happen with Smartburst, which takes a rapid-fire
sequence of shots. Use Lens Blur to achieve shallow depth of field and bokeh
effects, making your subject pop.

Google is offering free and unlimited online storage for photos and videos -- in
original quality.

The Pixel also comes with Google Duo video calling app and messaging app Allo
pre-installed.

The device also has Pixel Imprint -- the fingerprint scanner on the back of the
smartphone for quick access to all apps, texts and e-mails. It even allows a
user to swipe it to access notifications.

Catering to the demand of a large battery that not only charges fast but also
lasts all day long, Pixel devices come with 2,770 or 3,450 mAh battery packs
that can give up to seven hours of charge in just 15 minutes.

It comes with a Type-C charging port and has retained the 3.5mm headphone jack.
The device has Bluetooth 4.2.

With powerhouse specifications, both the devices have similar hardware under the
hood. Pixel smartphones are fitted with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 821 Quad
core (2x 2.15 Ghz and 2x1.6 Ghz) processors and 4GB LPDDR4 RAM.

Pixel ships with the newest Android operating system, Android 7.1 Nougat. Pixel
Phones will get software and security updates as soon as they are available,
directly from Google.

"The update process too has been made easier. When a new update is available, it
can download and install in the background, so users no longer have to wait for
the phone to update," the company said.

Making the Google experience come to life, the company also brought together the
best of Google's software and hardware in other products like Google Wi-Fi to
offer modular and customisable home networking, Virtual-Reality (VR) headset
Daydream View, new Google Chromecast -- named the Chromecast Ultra that offers
4K and HDR streaming support and AI-powered voice-assistant Google Home.

Google Wi-fi costs $129 for one and $299 for three devices. AI-powered
voice-assistant Google Home costs $129 and is available in seven colours, the
Daydream VR device is priced at $79 and Chromecast Ultra will be available for
$69.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2016 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                October 10, 2016

Google's Pixel - An Alternative to Samsung Galaxy? [analysis]

BYLINE: Foluso Ladeinde

LENGTH: 806 words


As if to say it's got a better alternative for you if you would rather not deal
with the combusting Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, Google, last week, unveiled its
new smartphone called Pixel. Early reports suggest that Pixel sounds like a
hardcore Android fan's dream phone. The attributes include cutting-edge specs,
premium hardware, class-leading cameras, the latest and greatest Nougat software
from Google, Virtual Reality capabilities, and much more.

Before now, the Galaxies dominated Android-domain high-end smartphones. However,
with the Pixel, the battle may be on. Google unveiled two versions of Pixel, one
simply called Pixel, and the other, Pixel XL. Optimists are suggesting these
might be shaping up to be two of the hottest smartphones of the year.

Right on time, I'll say, given that Samsung doesn't seem to be getting a handle
on its problem with Galaxy Note 7, which was released a few weeks ago but were
found to burst into flames in numerous instances around the world. Even the
shipments to China, which were initially believed to be safe, turned out to be
also defective. More worrisome perhaps is the fact replacement phones have also
been found to explode. Southwest Airlines in the US was forced to evacuate its
passengers and crew before taking off last week Wednesday from a Louisville,
Kentucky airport after smoke was detected from a replacement Samsung smartphone.
Brian Green, the owner of the phone told the media that his Galaxy Note 7
started to smoke after he powered it down in the cabin. He also said the
exploding phone was actually a replacement for one recalled last month. The
incident will complicate safety concerns for Samsung. Moreover, Samsung's
efforts toward restoring customer loyalty by implementing a worldwide recall
plan might have been undermined by the event of last week.

Zack Epstein, who had published a rousing approval of Galaxy Note 7 when it was
released, is now reversing his accolades for the device. In fact, in his 6
October 2016 online article, he is of the opinion that "... but for the time
being, things are not looking good at all - and consumers cannot and should not
be confident that Samsung's replacement Note 7 handsets are safe." Furthermore,
he is asking consumers to not buy Galaxy Note 7: "So, until Samsung and the CPSC
complete their investigations, do not purchase a Galaxy Note 7." (CPSC stands
for "Consumer Product Safety Commission," an agency of the U.S.)

How will existing Android-based smartphones fair in the face of Pixel? Unlike
Google's phone Nexus, Pixel is coming in as a very high-end phone with tons of
capabilities and features that compare well with iPhone by Apple. So, the
current development should be of real concern to the companies peddling one type
of Android phone or another. Moreover, as was the case for the Nexus devices,
the Pixel phones will be running a special version of Android OS that does not
seem to be available to other smartphone vendors and carriers. The Pixels will
also be able to instantly access Android OS updates as soon as they are
released. Thus, if the Pixel phones have competitive basic high-end smartphone
features, they might not be operating on a level-playing ground relative to
Android-based phones manufactured by other companies.

These are the rumored features of Pixel - the relatively "low-end" version:
Display is 5 inch with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels. The phone weighs
143g, uses Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 quad-core 2.1GHz processor, and has the
graphical processing unit (GPU) Adreno 530. The RAM is 4GB while storage is 32GB
or 128GB, with a MicroSD of up to 256GB of extra storage. There is a 12 MP Rear
camera and an 8 MP Front camera. The battery is 2770mAh Quick Charge. The phone
runs Android 7.1 Nougat. It is available in Silver and Black. The "higher end"
phone, Pixel XL, has similar features, except that it is larger - 5.5 inch; has
better resolution (2560 x 1440 pixels), is a bit heavier 168g, and has a longer
battery life: 3450mAh Quick Charge. The Taiwanese company HTC, which
manufactured the very first Nexus for Google, is also making Pixel.

There are speculations as to why Google is getting away from Nexus and into
Pixel. But then, why Pixel now, when the demand for smartphones seems to have
saturated? May be Google wants a platform to display its tech prowess, such as
Google's DayDream Virtual Reality, which the Pixel phones will support? Some
suggest that Pixel is Google's reaction to the news that both Samsung and Huawei
are working on a future without Android running their phones. Increased revenues
from phone sales are always attractive, as is the ability to have more control,
the way Apple does with its products.

Pixel will play catchup to both iPhone and the Galaxies, and so it is not easy
to predict the eventual performance of Pixel in the marketplace.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Google challenges Apple with high-end laptop

LENGTH: 692 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 -- Google unveiled a touchscreen notebook computer
Thursday designed for high-end users, throwing down the gauntlet to Apple and
its MacBooks.

Google said its Chromebook Pixel computers blending tablet and laptop
technology, boasting heavyweight Intel chips and screens tailored for rich
graphics, were released in the United States and Britain, starting at $1,299.

"People will give up a MacBook Air for this," Google Chrome senior vice
president Sundar Pichai said.

A Pixel model featuring built-in connectivity to the Verizon mobile Internet
service will hit the US market in April at a price of $1,449.

The newly unveiled version can connect online with wireless hot-spot technology
or cables.

"It's a great looking product," Om Malik of technology news website GigaOM said
at the Pixel debut in San Francisco.

"But Google is facing a selling problem, they have to compete on price
originally and build a developer base for a high-end product."

Google is hoping enthusiasts will forego price comparisons with competitors such
as MacBooks or laptops built on Windows 8 software and focus instead on the
Pixel's touchscreen feature and the massive terabyte of Google Drive online data
storage included.

"It seems like a pretty hard sell," said Forrester analyst James McQuivey. "I
hope they are not planning to make a lot of money off it."

While the Pixel seems aimed at the MacBook market, it also faces fierce
competition from touchscreen laptops based on Windows 8 software.

"It seems like more of a symbolic product release with Google trying to make a
point that it is no longer just a low-end provider of devices," McQuivey said.

Analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group branded the Pixel move "a train wreck,"
arguing that notebook computers above $600 have historically not sold well and
that Apple even sells a slick MacBook Air model for $999.

The booming popularity of tablet computers is also eroding the overall market
for laptops.

"It just boggles the mind," Enderle said. "I have no clue what the hell Google
was thinking."

The announcement adds a new dimension to the rivalry between the two tech
giants, locked in a fierce battle over smartphones and tablets.

"This is for power users we expect to live completely in the cloud," Pichai
said. "The Pixel is about pushing the state of the art."

Google custom built Pixel and is producing it with the help of electronics
manufacturers in Taiwan.

"It is clear that touch is here to stay and that it is the future," Pichai said.

He described the Pixel screen resolution as superior to that on any laptop
shipped today.

Within three months, Google will release Quickoffice software for handling
documents and spreadsheets after complaints by Chrome notebook users over
difficulties when trying to work with Microsoft's widely used Word or Excel
software, according to Pichai.

Google's main intent with the Pixel is to more deeply mesh the California-based
Internet giant's money-generating products and services into people's lives.

Google was working with third-party application developers to tailor Pixel
programs.

"The goal is to get the Pixel in the hands of all our early adopters as well as
developers," Pichai said. "We think our ecosystem will respond well."

Google introduced the first Chromebook in mid-2010 in a challenge to Windows
operating software at the heart of Microsoft's empire.

The array of Chromebook makers has grown to include Acer, Lenovo, Samsung and
Hewlett-Packard, with previous models offered at bargain prices when compared to
high-end laptops.

Shifting operating software to banks of servers online means that Google updates
programs and fends off hackers and malicious software.

The disk drive-free Pixel machines feature a quick startup and can dive into a
user's desktop data from anywhere online.

Google remains devoted to its Android software for powering tablets and
smartphones, following two paths when it comes to Internet-synched hardware,
according to Pichai. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bangkok Post

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Google challenges Apple with high-end laptop

LENGTH: 656  words


Google unveiled a touchscreen notebook computer Thursday designed for high-end
users, throwing down the gauntlet to Apple and its MacBooks.

Google said its Chromebook Pixel computers blending tablet and laptop
technology, boasting heavyweight Intel chips and screens tailored for rich
graphics, were released in the United States and Britain, starting at $1,299.

"People will give up a MacBook Air for this," Google Chrome senior vice
president Sundar Pichai said.

A Pixel model featuring built-in connectivity to the Verizon mobile Internet
service will hit the US market in April at a price of $1,449.

The newly unveiled version can connect online with wireless hot-spot technology
or cables. "It's a great looking product," Om Malik of technology news website
GigaOM said at the Pixel debut in San Francisco.

"But Google is facing a selling problem, they have to compete on price
originally and build a developer base for a high-end product."

Google is hoping enthusiasts will forego price comparisons with competitors such
as MacBooks or laptops built on Windows 8 software and focus instead on the
Pixel's touchscreen feature and the massive terabyte of Google Drive online data
storage included.

"It seems like a pretty hard sell," said Forrester analyst James McQuivey. "I
hope they are not planning to make a lot of money off it."

While the Pixel seems aimed at the MacBook market, it also faces fierce
competition from touchscreen laptops based on Windows 8 software.

"It seems like more of a symbolic product release with Google trying to make a
point that it is no longer just a low-end provider of devices," McQuivey said.

Analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group branded the Pixel move "a train wreck,"
arguing that notebook computers above $600 have historically not sold well and
that Apple even sells a slick MacBook Air model for $999.

The booming popularity of tablet computers is also eroding the overall market
for laptops. "It just boggles the mind," Enderle said. "I have no clue what the
hell Google was thinking."

The announcement adds a new dimension to the rivalry between the two tech
giants, locked in a fierce battle over smartphones and tablets.

"This is for power users we expect to live completely in the cloud," Pichai
said. "The Pixel is about pushing the state of the art."

Google custom built Pixel and is producing it with the help of electronics
manufacturers in Taiwan.

"It is clear that touch is here to stay and that it is the future," Pichai said.
He described the Pixel screen resolution as superior to that on any laptop
shipped today.

Within three months, Google will release Quickoffice software for handling
documents and spreadsheets after complaints by Chrome notebook users over
difficulties when trying to work with Microsoft's widely used Word or Excel
software, according to Pichai.

Google's main intent with the Pixel is to more deeply mesh the California-based
Internet giant's money-generating products and services into people's lives.
Google was working with third-party application developers to tailor Pixel
programs.

"The goal is to get the Pixel in the hands of all our early adopters as well as
developers," Pichai said. "We think our ecosystem will respond well."

Google introduced the first Chromebook in mid-2010 in a challenge to Windows
operating software at the heart of Microsoft's empire.

The array of Chromebook makers has grown to include Acer, Lenovo, Samsung and
Hewlett-Packard, with previous models offered at bargain prices when compared to
high-end laptops.

Shifting operating software to banks of servers online means that Google updates
programs and fends off hackers and malicious software.

The disk drive-free Pixel machines feature a quick startup and can dive into a
user's desktop data from anywhere online.

Google remains devoted to its Android software for powering tablets and
smartphones, following two paths when it comes to Internet-synched hardware,
according to Pichai.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

SILICON VOLLEY Google's Pixel phone leads launch

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 501 words


Google is pushing into the hardware business - but it still can't stop talking
about software.

The search giant on Tuesday unveiled the first-ever Google-made smartphone,
called the Pixel, as well as a virtual-reality headset and a $129 home speaker
called Google Home that will take aim at Amazon's popular $180 Echo.

"We're just getting started" with the hardware push, Google Chief Executive
Sundar Pichai admitted at a San Francisco shindig that was webcast Tuesday
afternoon.

While the hardware certainly stole the show, Google brass were equally keen on
showing off how the new gadgets worked with Google Assistant, the latest version
of the company's voice-activated competitor to Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa.

"In many ways, we've been working on this since Google was founded 18 years
ago," Pichai said, touting Google Assistant's prowess in voice recognition,
image recognition, machine learning and artificial intelligence.

"Remember my bike combo is 3-2-6," a user told the digital helper in a video
demo, getting the response, "Got it." More than a few attendees must have sensed
the executives at the Mountain View, Calif., tech behemoth were oblivious to
growing privacy concerns around voice-activated software.

Google's Pixel phone will cost $649 - less than Apple's iPhone 7, priced at
about $800 - but otherwise it's a gadget that looks a lot like the iPhone 7.
Except the Pixel has a headphone jack.

A larger, $769 "Pixel XL" model with a 5.5-inch screen, versus 5 inches for the
regular Pixel, will also be available. Pixels can also get seven hours of
battery time on a 15-minute charge, execs said. Both will be launched
exclusively on Verizon.

"There's no unsightly 'camera bump,' " added Google hardware chief Rick
Osterloh, noting that the Pixel's camera lens didn't awkwardly protrude from the
back the way those of recent iPhone models do.

The real selling point, execs said, is that the Pixel's integration with Google
Assistant, which it says can give smoother interactions and better answers than
the competition can.

Brian Rakowski, head of software product management for the Pixel, demonstrated
how the new phone used Google Assistant's advanced algorithms to give directions
and reviews for an Italian restaurant his wife mentioned in a text message -
without even being asked to do so.

Google Home will hit retail stores next month.

Amazon released the Echo nearly two years ago. The Echo has a software
developer's kit that's now used by more than 3,000 third-party developers to
play music, provide weather forecasts, keep shopping lists and order food.

Google Assistant will launch an SDK for third parties next year, execs said.

Elsewhere, Google unveiled a VR headset it calls Daydream View, which uses a
smartphone and will begin selling next month for $79. Google also is launching a
new line of Wi-Fi routers ($129 each, $299 for a set of three), and is updating
its ChromeCast TV dongle to stream 4K videos.

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHONES 'N' STUFF: Google is back in the phonemaking business, as exec
Sabrina Ellis (far left) discusses during a multi-product launch on
Tuesday.(Post photo composite, Getty Images, AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

Review: Google's Chromebook Pixel offers stunning features -- once it starts
running

BYLINE: By Dan Nakaso dnakaso@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 399 words


Our review ofGoogle'sGOOG ) new Chromebook Pixel laptop got off to a bumpy start
when the thing wouldn't even fire up.

A Google spokeswoman initially diagnosed the problem over the phone as a faulty
"power brick" because the barrel end of the power source that plugs into the
Chromebook Pixel didn't light up green as it's designed to do.

So while we waited for a new power source -- and laptop -- to arrive from Google
headquarters in Mountain View, we spent the time passing the Chromebook Pixel
around the newsroom and comparing it to one of Google's main competition -- my
11-inch, MacBook Air.

Where the MacBook Air has rounded edges and a shape reminiscent of the old
"clamshell"AppleAAPL ) laptops of old, the new 12.85-inch Chromebook Pixel has
the sharper edges and muscular look of an F-117 stealth fighter.

While it's slightly narrower than my MacBook Air, the Chromebook Pixel sits a
good inch-and-a-quarter deeper and -- at 3.35 pounds -- is considerably heftier.

But the Chromebook Pixel's smoke gray, aluminum skin makes it look very slick
and very cool.

Tim Chae, a lead Chrome OS tech, finally arrived from Mountain View just before
deadline and said the power brick wasn't to blame after all. We received a bad
laptop, which Chae said has never happened with the Chromebook Pixel.

After typing my gmail address into the new laptop as required, Chae quickly
fired it up and put it through its paces.

The Chromebook Pixel's display is loaded with more pixels per inch than any
laptop on the market, so images are stunning. And the Pixel's touch-screen
capabilities make navigating the Internet and playing with apps a breeze. Keys
on the top of the keyboard also allow easy maneuvering around the web.

There is no touch-screen keyboard, however, so you still need to use the
old-fashioned keyboard to type in the names of websites and such.

With only enough time left on deadline for a quick test drive, the Chromebook
Pixel showed enough pixel power to represent a step forward. But its sizable
price tag -- $1,299 for 32 gigs of flash storage and Wi-Fi only, and $1,449 for
64 gigs of flash storage and the ability to connect to Verizon's 4G network --
represents a big enough price jump to give the MacBook Air another look. On the
other hand, the Chromebook Pixel comes with a whopping 1,000 gigs of online
storage.

Contact Dan Nakaso at 408-271-3648. Follow him at Twitter.com/dannakaso.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man uses the Google Chromebook Pixel laptop computer after an
announcement in San Francisco, Thursday, Feb. 21, 2013. Google is adding a new
touch to its line of Chrome laptops in an attempt to outshine personal computers
running on software made by rivals Microsoft and Apple. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
The Chromebook Pixel laptop from Google. (Google photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                      October 6, 2016 Thursday 4:18 PM GMT

Everything you need to know about Google's new Pixel phones;
Your guide to Google's new Pixel and Pixel XL models

BYLINE: By Catherine Murphy

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 416 words


Google has well and truly sought revenge on its rivals Apple with their latest
phone release.

They unveiled their two latest models the Google Pixel and Pixel XL during their
annual Autumn event on Tuesday night where they also announced other products
including daydream View headset, a new Chromecast and the Google Home speaker.

The tech-giant claims the biggest selling point for their new mobile models are
their new Google assistant- which is a voice activated controller, which claims
to be able to have a conversation with users.

How much will the new iPhone 7 cost in the UK?

The handsets will also provide unlimited storage for photos, and a headphone
jack which make it stand-out against competing models from Apple and Motorolla.

Google also claim by charging both Pixel models for only 15 minutes, the phones
will have seven hours of battery life. Another claim is the camera shutter speed
will make it the fastest on the market.

There are three colour options available; very silver, quite black or really
blue.

Google Pixel phone - what you need to know about the iPhone's new rival

The main difference is the size.

The Pixel has a five-inch screen while the XL model has a 5.5 inch display.

Both models promise to automatically install the latest operating systems and
security updates- which can be a big selling point.

They both in a glass and high-end aluminium case.

iPhone 7 review - what the critics say about Apple's new handset

This new technology, means Google can close in on competition from Apple's Siri
and Microsoft's Cortana.

On their previous models they have had Google Now, however Google assistant
claims to have an edge over everything else currently on the market.

It can be accessed by holding down the menu button, by doing this users can then
search for pictures, places and things and so far reviewers have claimed it to
be very accurate.

Apple iOS 10 release time - How to install, and everything you need to know
about Apple's new software

According to the search engine giant, this new software will have a
conversational feel to it.

For example, users will be able to ask Google Assistant, which has been
integrated into Google home, 'What films are on in their local cinema' and then
narrow down the options by adding 'child-friendly'.

The Pixel costs £599 for 32GB model or £699 for 128GB of storage.

The Pixel XL starts at £719 for 32GB this increases to £819 if you choose the
128GB option.

The phone will be on sale on October 20 from The Carphone Warehouse and EE
stores.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Review: Google Pixel laptop impresses

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 740 words


CHARLOTTE, N.C. * There's a lot to love about Google's new high-end Chromebook
Pixel laptop: a vivid, high-resolution touch screen, powerful speakers and
next-generation USB ports meant to standardize power chargers. All for $300
cheaper than the original model.

But the Pixel's limitations became clear during a cross-country flight. Machines
running Google's Chrome operating system are meant primarily for online use.
Although the Pixel promises offline access to files stored on Google's online
Drive service, it was hit or miss with files that weren't in Google's own
formats. Fortunately, I had my Mac laptop to turn to.

The Pixel goes on sale Wednesday for $999, while $1,299 gets you a version with
more storage and a faster processor.

Chromebook basics

On machines running Chrome just about everything works through the web browser.
Many apps, in fact, are simply bookmarks to a service's regular website.

Google figures you'll store most of your files in the cloud, so Chromebooks have
limited storage. The basic Pixel has just 32 gigabytes, compared with the
minimum 128 gigabytes on a MacBook Air. The pricier Pixel has 64 gigabytes.

Using it without Internet access

Some apps do have limited offline capabilities, and they have improved since I
tested the original Pixel in 2013. Some of these functions are now automatically
enabled, and the Pixel stores your most recently opened files automatically for
offline use.

But that doesn't apply to files you merely copied to Google Drive, as I learned
the hard way. All Google-format files are stored automatically, but what I
needed were Word and PDF documents. Next time, I'll need to open or download
those files individually ahead of time. I couldn't find a way to enable entire
folders at once.

As an online device

Chromebooks are typically budget devices costing a few hundred dollars. The
Pixel is the exception, with premium performance and a premium price tag.

Still, the Pixel offers a 13-inch touch screen and sharp display at 239 pixels
per inch for less than $1,000. Windows laptops with that performance typically
cost a few hundred dollars more. Apple doesn't make touch-screen laptops at all.
(That said, comparable Windows and Mac laptops have more storage for the money.
And many are lighter than the Pixel's 3.3 pounds.)

The slower model I tested was speedy - more than adequate for Web surfing, text
documents and even video. Sound came through nice and clear. Google promises up
to 12 hours of use on a single battery charge. With the battery nearly drained,
I got a 50 per cent charge in about a half-hour - enough for a day of meetings
Tuesday in Silicon Valley.

Power potential

What I like most is the Pixel's use of the emerging Type-C standard for USB. In
English, that means faster and more flexible charging. Android phones have long
used USB for charging, but the current USB technology limits how much power the
phone can draw. That's one reason laptops, with greater power needs, come with
their own chargers.

Type-C is meant to standardize those chargers, so you might one day need just
one for all your phones, tablets and laptops. Type-C draws more power and
transfers data faster than current USB.

You might have heard of Type-C when Apple announced a new MacBook on Monday.
Apple ditched regular USB ports in favour of USB-C, but in addition to Type-C,
the Pixel has two regular ports and an SD slot for camera memory.

With Type-C, cords can be inserted in either direction, much like the iPhone's
Lightning connector, so you don't have to figure out which side is up. The Pixel
goes further in having ports on both sides, so you're not left with tangled
cords if the outlet is on the wrong side.

The port also works for display output, though you'll need a $40 adapter until
TVs and monitors start getting Type-C. I watched The Simpsons on my TV that way.

Apps

Google gives Android developers an easy way to make their apps also work on
Chrome. Google says about 30 apps have been converted, including the
video-sharing app Vine.

Microsoft's Office isn't one of them, but Google does make it easy to work with
Office files. They open in a web browser just like Google-format files and get
saved automatically in the Microsoft formats for sharing.

The Pixel is impressive, but consider your needs away from Wi-Fi. Many other
laptops, including the new MacBook, offer more flexibility for a few hundred
dollars more. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Chromebook Pixel has head in the cloud;
But lovely laptop is a pleasure to use

BYLINE: Edward C. Baig, ebaig@usatoday.com, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 864 words


Here's what you thought you knew about Google's Chromebook laptops: They're
designed for  Internet computing and  are known for plain designs and
bargain-basement prices.

The former is still true. You're supposed to be connected to the Internet when
using a Chromebook, at least a good chunk of the time. But the latter two are
now only partially the case. You can still purchase an Acer Chromebook in the
Google Play store for  $199, or a Samsung for $249.

However, the  Chromebook Pixel laptop that began shipping this week is not only
beautiful, it fetches $1,299 for a Wi-Fi-only model.  The Pixel that I tested is
even pricier, a $1,449 model that complements Wi-Fi with fast LTE cellular
service from Verizon Wireless. It ships in April.

With Pixel, Google is now competing in the high-rent computing district against
Apple's MacBook Air and entry-level MacBook Pros, as well as some of the more
expensive Windows 8 Ultrabooks.

My test unit was an immense pleasure to use, but I'm still hesitant to recommend
the machine to everybody. Aside from its high price, Pixel has puny onboard
storage, so-so battery life, and perhaps most important, is diminished when
you're offline, since the Web-based Chrome operating system at its core mostly
depends on a pipeline to the cloud. Sadly, you cannot watch a movie you buy or
rent from the Google Play store when you lack an Internet connection.

There's certainly no mistaking Pixel's premium pedigree. The premium hardware is
crafted from anodized aluminum. Pixel is a handsome, solidly built gray
3.35-pound machine with a high-resolution 12.85-inch Gorilla Glass touch-screen
that is something to behold.

The computer is so named because of the stunning screen, which rivals the Retina
displays on some MacBook Pros. It packs 4.3 million pixels -- more than twice as
many, Google emphasizes, as a standard HDTV. In techie terms, it has a pixel
density of 239 pixels per inch, a measure of sharpness that tops its laptop
rivals.

An LED on the back cover lights up in different colors to add a nice aesthetic.
A sturdy piano hinge lets you open and close it  with a thumb. Google says the
hinge dissipates heat and augments Wi-Fi antennas.

The back-lit Chrome keyboard is first rate, and so are  hidden and surprisingly
powerful stereo speakers. Vents and screws are also concealed.

The etched-glass  trackpad is smooth and responsive. There's an HD webcam,  a
pair of USB 2.0 ports and a memory card reader. Inside, Pixel has a 1.8-GHz Dual
Core Intel Core i5 processor. The combination of hardware and software led to a
zippy experience.

While the onboard storage is quite modest -- just 32 gigabytes on the
solid-state drive that is on the Wi-Fi-only model or 64GB on the step-up model,
Google provides a complimentary 1 terabyte of storage on Google Cloud Drive for
three years -- another recruiting effort for cloud computing.  You also get a
dozen free sessions of GoGo Inflight Internet.

Google says there are now hundreds of  apps in the Chrome Web Store that work
without an Internet connection. The current list includes Angry Birds, Kindle
Cloud Reader and offline Gmail. You can use Google Docs offline, too.  But while
you can listen to songs you download when you're off line, purchased movies and
TV shows from Google Play require that cyberconnection, a serious drawback.

By embracing a touch-screen, Google is following a path similar to the one
Microsoft is taking with Windows 8.  For the most part, you'll stick with the
mouse and keyboard.

But touch made it simpler to navigate Google Maps and to travel through an
interactive 3-D visualization of the solar system known as 100,000 Stars.

One snag: I couldn't play a few ".mov" video files that were on an inserted
memory card, even though Google says ".mov" is a supported video format.

As with other Chromebooks, the  computer boots up quickly, and Google can serve
up regular updates to keep the operating system fresh and free of viruses.

One future update:  integration with QuickOffice, an  app that will let you open
and edit Microsoft Office files within their native format, without  having to
rely on Google Docs. The computer also boots up quickly.

Google says you'll get about five hours of battery under "normal" use. In my own
harsh  test, in which I cranked up the brightness all the way and streamed a
movie over Wi-Fi, the battery pooped out after  3 hours.

Is Pixel worth buying? I suspect those  who buy it will be perfectly happy, at
least when they have an online connection and  a power source. Touch is a nice
benefit, too, even if you don't use it much.  The computer is fast, attractive
and secure,  with a display that's tough to match.

Pixel isn't for the mainstream, yet. But it is the kind of showpiece Google can
use to make the case that it, too, can deliver pretty impressive hardware.

E-mail: ebaig@usatoday.com Follow @edbaig on Twitter.

---

The bottom line

Google Chromebook Pixel

play.google.com

Price: $1,299 to $1,449

Pro. Beautiful touch-screen. First-rate keyboard, trackpad, speakers. Cloud
storage. Computer is fast, automatically upgraded and secure.

Con. Expensive. So-so battery life. Cloud computer is diminished offline.
Limited onboard storage.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Google

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          October 5, 2016 6:30 AM EST

The wait is over: Google unveils AI-powered Pixel smartphone, will cost Rs
57,000 in India

LENGTH: 691  words


With an aim to lead the world of smartphones with its artificial intelligence
(AI)-based technology, Google on Tuesday launched much-awaited Pixel -- a new
premium device completely designed by the tech giant with Google Assistant built
right-in -- at a special event here.

India is among the first six countries where Pixel is being launched.

Starting at Rs, 57,000, it will be available for pre-order in India starting
October 13 on e-tailer website Flipkart and at over 1,000 plus multi-brand
retail stores, including Reliance Digital, Croma and Vijay sales, among others.

The launch also ended the Nexus branding under which the company has always
released phones in partnership with other original equipment manufacturers like
LG (for Google Nexus 5) and Huawei (for Google Nexus 6P).

Although HTC has manufactured the smartphones, the new device bears Google
branding.

With curved sculpted edges and a unibody made up of combination of aerospace
grade aluminum and glass, the device comes in two sizes -- 5 and 5.5-inch with
2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protected super AMOLED display. Pixel is available
in two -- quite black and very silver colours in India.

Pixel is first smartphone with Google Assistant -- a built-in AI programme that
works as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator.

With the Google Assistant, users can have a natural conversation with Google to
find answers or get things done on the go. Say "Ok Google" or touch and hold the
Home button and the Assistant is ready to help.

"Ask it for a brief update on your day or to play a video on YouTube, look up
traffic on the way home from work, find photos or when the nearest pharmacy
closes. The Assistant can also offer help with what's on-screen in any app. So
if your friend texts you to meet up at a new restaurant, you can just say
'navigate there'," the company said in a statement.

With the highest ever DxOMark Mobile score of 89, Pixel's 12.3MP rear camera
with f/2.0 clicks stunning photos in any light condition -- #Nofilter needed.

Catch action shots as they happen with Smartburst, which takes a rapid-fire
sequence of shots. Use Lens Blur to achieve shallow depth of field and bokeh
effects, making your subject pop.

Google is offering free and unlimited online storage for photos and videos -- in
original quality.

The Pixel also comes with Google Duo video calling app and messaging app Allo
pre-installed.

The device also has Pixel Imprint -- the fingerprint scanner on the back of the
smartphone for quick access to all apps, texts and e-mails. It even allows a
user to swipe it to access notifications.

Catering to the demand of a large battery that not only charges fast but also
lasts all day long, Pixel devices come with 2,770 or 3,450 mAh battery packs
that can give up to seven hours of charge in just 15 minutes.

It comes with a Type-C charging port and has retained the 3.5mm headphone jack.
The device has Bluetooth 4.2.

With powerhouse specifications, both the devices have similar hardware under the
hood. Pixel smartphones are fitted with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 821 Quad
core (2x 2.15 Ghz and 2x1.6 Ghz) processors and 4GB LPDDR4 RAM.

Pixel ships with the newest Android operating system, Android 7.1 Nougat. Pixel
Phones will get software and security updates as soon as they are available,
directly from Google.

"The update process too has been made easier. When a new update is available, it
can download and install in the background, so users no longer have to wait for
the phone to update," the company said.

Making the Google experience come to life, the company also brought together the
best of Google's software and hardware in other products like Google Wi-Fi to
offer modular and customisable home networking, Virtual-Reality (VR) headset
Daydream View, new Google Chromecast -- named the Chromecast Ultra that offers
4K and HDR streaming support and AI-powered voice-assistant Google Home.

Google Wi-fi costs $129 for one and $299 for three devices. AI-powered
voice-assistant Google Home costs $129 and is available in seven colours, the
Daydream VR device is priced at $79 and Chromecast Ultra will be available for
$69.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Google Pixel Event: Complete Coverage

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 258  words


The search-giant unveils peculiar hardware at its San Francisco event.

At its event in San Francisco, Google unveiled interesting hardware. For the
first time, the search-giant introduced phones and other products completely
designed by the in-house teams. Till now, most of its gadgets were made in
collaboration with its hardware partners including Samsung, LG, Huawei, and Asus
to name a few. Without further ado, here are the key announcements from Google's
event:

Pixel

Made of premium glass and metals, the Pixel takes on the iPhpne 7. It features a
5-inch Full HD AMOLED screen. In terms of fire power, you get Qualcomm's
Snapdragon 821 chipset. Among other things, it sports a 5-inch Full HD OLED
screen. The phone will run the latest Android 7.1 Nougat out-of-the-box. For
more details, follow this link.

Pixel XL

If you like plus size phones, Google has you covered with its Pixel XL
smartphone. Just like its younger sibling, the Pixel XL features metal and glass
construction. The phone boasts of Pixel Imprint, which is Google's way of saying
fingerprint sensor. Thanks to its bigger footprint, the Pixel XL packs-in a
bigger 3450 mAh battery compared to that of the Pixel. Click here, for more
information.

Daydream View

In addition to the Pixel phones, Google showcased its latest Virtual Reality
headset. Dubbed as Daydream View, Google's new VR gear is made of lightweight
fabric to provide you comfort in long VR sessions. What separates it from
hundreds of Android VR gear is the bundled wireless controller that features a
motion sensor.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

OK, Google: Will Pixel be a hit?;
If it can keep up with high demand

BYLINE: Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 292 words


When Google's new smartphone goes on sale this week, no one is expecting an
iPhone-like hit -- at least not right away.

Despite a splashy launch and a "Made by Google" marketing campaign, not to
mention some positive reviews, the Pixel is still taking on the likes of the
wildly popular iPhone. Samsung's recent spate of troubles may boost Pixel sales
with defecting Note and Galaxy owners, but not enough to make a serious dent in
the high-end smartphone market, analysts say.

And, say analysts, the new smartphone's price tag -- the Pixel comes at an
iPhone price, starting at $649 -- and lack of availability with major carriers
other than Verizon could undermine its debut.

"I'm sure the Pixel will get a deeper look from users, especially those that are
Google and Android loyalists. But I would not expect Pixel to gain significant
market share as it's still a very competitive market," Gartner analyst Brian
Blau said.

Google won't say how many Pixel smartphones it has produced or how many it
projects it will sell. An early supply chain-based estimate from Digitimes, a
Taiwanese trade publication, suggests Google could ship from 3 million to 4
million Pixel phones in the second half of 2016. Apple sells that many iPhones
in a week.

"People are reporting today that there are significant wait times for phones or
the phone is out of stock completely," said CFRA analyst Scott Kessler.

In an email, Google said: "We're thrilled to see the excitement for our new
Pixel phones and frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations. We're
working to restock our inventory as soon as possible."

With Pixel, Android is powering the first line of phones designed in-house by
Google, giving the Internet giant control over the software and the hardware.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Google Pixel XL (HTC Marlin) smartphone key specs, camera details emerge online

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 280 words


NEW DELHI: Recent reports hint that Google may finally pull plug on its 'Nexus'
line of smartphones and replace it with 'Pixel' branding. The two handsets
codenamed HTC Marlin and Sailfish are said to carry Pixel XL and Pixel names.
This will streamline the handset naming scheme with the company's Pixel laptops
and tablets range.

Now, as we come close to speculated launch of the Pixel devices, some more leaks
about the smartphones have surfaced online. Google Pixel XL (aka HTC Marlin) has
showed up on GeekBench mobile benchmarking website. As per the listing, the
smartphone will run on Android NMR1 or Android Nougat Manufacturer Release 1,
and will feature a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, which is likely to
be the flagship Snapdragon 820 processor. Also mentioned is the inclusion of 4GB
of RAM. Another rumour revolving around the Google Pixel XL is that it could
sport camera sensors made by Sony.LlabTooFeR, a tipster has also posted the
Pixel XL's camera specifications on Twitter. The smartphone is said to feature a
12MP Sony IMX378 rear camera sensor and an 8MP front-facing IMX179 camera
sensor. Google is yet to give details on the aforementioned information.Last
month, HTC Sailfish or Google Pixel surfaced on AnTuTu and Geekbench
benchmarking websites along with specifications. The handset is expected to
feature a full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) resolution display and quad-core Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor, clubbed with 4GB RAM. The listing suggests the device
to house 32GB inbuilt storage as well. On the camera front, the Nexus Sailfish
might come with an 8MP front-facing camera along with a 13MP rear camera.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Google Pixel XL (HTC Marlin) smartphone key specs, camera details emerge online

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 280 words


NEW DELHI: Recent reports hint that Google may finally pull plug on its 'Nexus'
line of smartphones and replace it with 'Pixel' branding. The two handsets
codenamed HTC Marlin and Sailfish are said to carry Pixel XL and Pixel names.
This will streamline the handset naming scheme with the company's Pixel laptops
and tablets range.

Now, as we come close to speculated launch of the Pixel devices, some more leaks
about the smartphones have surfaced online. Google Pixel XL (aka HTC Marlin) has
showed up on GeekBench mobile benchmarking website. As per the listing, the
smartphone will run on Android NMR1 or Android Nougat Manufacturer Release 1,
and will feature a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, which is likely to
be the flagship Snapdragon 820 processor. Also mentioned is the inclusion of 4GB
of RAM. Another rumour revolving around the Google Pixel XL is that it could
sport camera sensors made by Sony.LlabTooFeR, a tipster has also posted the
Pixel XL's camera specifications on Twitter. The smartphone is said to feature a
12MP Sony IMX378 rear camera sensor and an 8MP front-facing IMX179 camera
sensor. Google is yet to give details on the aforementioned information.Last
month, HTC Sailfish or Google Pixel surfaced on AnTuTu and Geekbench
benchmarking websites along with specifications. The handset is expected to
feature a full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) resolution display and quad-core Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor, clubbed with 4GB RAM. The listing suggests the device
to house 32GB inbuilt storage as well. On the camera front, the Nexus Sailfish
might come with an 8MP front-facing camera along with a 13MP rear camera.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Google Pixel, Pixel XL biggest challenge to Apple iPhone; here's why

BYLINE: The Financial Express

LENGTH: 237  words


Apple now has serious competition for leadership at the top-end of the global
smartphone market with the launch of the Google Pixel. Google has achieved
something that no other device-maker, bar Apple, has-an integration of devices
and software to build a strong ecosystem. Pixel competes head-to-head with the
iPhone on all parameters, be it OS, app stores, cloud storage, online assistance
and even price. Google also gains from the fact that Pixel was launched at a
time when the largest-selling Android device-maker Samsung was in trouble over
exploding Galaxy Note 7.

While other device-makers opted for the Android OS-since the iOS is a walled
garden-for Pixel, it is part of Google. It also has the Play Store to compete
with Apple's App Store; while Apple offers storage on the iCloud, Google is
offering Pixel users unlimited cloud storage for full-resolution photos and
video. As far as voice-activated assistants go in an AI world-it is a fight
between Apple's Siri and the Google Assistant. But, the advantage that Google
has is that it can, over time, tie-in the various ventures under Alphabet. That
includes the connected home device-Google Home, driverless cars and Nest. iPhone
sales that have been on a down-trend-from 51 million in Q2 2016 to 40.4 million
in Q3 2016-could have gained traction with the launch of the iPhone 7. But, the
Pixel could just be the beginning of the biggest competition to Apple.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Unlocking and Rooting your Pixel and Pixel XL is easy

LENGTH: 188  words


Get your Pixel or Pixel XL with unlockable bootloaders from Google

Google recently revealed that its latest Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will
come packed with unlockable bootloaders, making it much easier to root the
device, as long as you get them direct from Google Store.

Rooting a phone isnt easy, but if you manage to do it, you get more control over
the device overall. You will also be able to access the deeper settings of
Android to running a new OS altogether. In the  "root only" apps on the Android
apps section of the Google Play Store, you can see apps that will help you tweak
battery life, CPU Performance or perform full phone backups, better control the
file system and more.

However, it does have security risks which leads to people steering clear from
it. On the other hand, Pixel and Pixel XL users can do it easily, thanks to new
tools Google provides. Rooting is not something everyone opts for, instead it is
something that appeals to advanced users and developers.

The phones officially go on sale on 20 October and will be priced at $649 for
the Pixel and the Pixel XL from $769 direct from Google.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Google unveils its new Pixel smartphone; Company also reveals VR headset,
speaker device and digital 'Assistant'

BYLINE: BRANDON BAILEY, The Associated Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics giants like
Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones called Pixel
and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "
Google Assistant."

The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own
hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At
a starting price of roughly US$650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same
markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones.

GADGETS ON PARADE

During a media event Tuesday, Google executives showed offa series of gadgets in
rapid succession. Google's new Home device is a sleek Internet-connected speaker
that's designed to respond to voice commands, like Amazon's popular Echo. A new
virtual reality headset called Daydream View will work with the new Pixel phones
and other Android devices. Also unveiled were a new Wi-Fi router and an update
to the company's Chromecast streaming media device.

In announcing the new Pixel phones, Google executives touted features like a
powerful camera, a long-lasting battery - and a dedicated headphone jack, which
Apple recently eliminated from its latest iPhones.

The Pixel phones will be sold in two screen sizes - five inches and 5.5 inches -
and three colours: black, silver and blue.

But they're clearly hoping that the new Pixel phones will be distinguished by
their use of Google's software.

A central element of all the new devices is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what CEO Sundar Pichai described as "a
personal Google for each and every user."

Google, which is best known for its widely used Internet search engine, makes
most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it's putting more
emphasis on hardware as it competes for consumers' attention with other leading
tech firms.

HARDWARE IS HARD

New devices could help Google keep its services front and centre in the battle
for consumers' attention, said analyst Julie Ask at Forrester Research.

Unlike a new mobile app or other software, she noted, it can be an expensive
gamble to build and ship new hardware products. "But if you're Google, you can't
afford to stop placing bets."

Google has sold smartphones and tablets under the Nexus brand, which it launched
in 2010 as a way to show offthe best features of its Android software. But it
put relatively little effort into promoting those devices, which have mostly
ended up in the hands of Google purists.

Android already powers the majority of smartphones sold around the world. But
Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones, has increasingly been adding more
of its own software - even its own Samsung Pay mobile wallet - on the phones it
sells. Another big rival, Apple, has built its own services, such as online maps
and its own Siri personal assistant, to replace Google's apps on the iPhone.

Google will sell its Pixel phones online, through retail chains like Best Buy
and various wireless carriers around the world, although the company said it has
an exclusive deal with Verizon in the United States.

HOME, BUT NOT ALONE

Like the Pixel phones, the "Home" device uses Google's digital "Assistant"
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the Internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

"Assistant" is the company's answer to similar concierge services from rivals,
including Siri, Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana. Google said the Home
device will sell for US$130 online and at electronics retailers starting next
month.

Leading tech companies are all competing to assist consumers in their online
activities, from search and navigation to shopping. That gives the companies a
better chance of selling advertising or other services.

Home-based systems like the Echo are taking on more importance as voice
technology has improved, said Forrester's Ask. "You can't assume somebody is
going to go sit down at a computer or pick up a phone and type in a question
anymore," she said. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: ERIC RISBERG, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS; Google CEO Sundar Pichai
speaks at a product launch on Tuesday in San Francisco. Google launches new
products and software to compete with Apple and Samsung.; PHOTOS: ERIC RISBERG,
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS;  The new Google Pixel phone unveiled Tuesday utilizes a
digital helper called "Google Assistant" to make it easier for users to find
information.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Google challenges Apple with high-end laptop

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 728 words


Google on Thursday unveiled a touch-screen notebook computer designed for
high-end users, throwing down a gauntlet for Apple and its MacBooks.

Google said its Chromebook Pixel computers blending tablet and laptop
technology, boasting heavyweight Intel chips and screens tailored for rich
graphics, were released in the United States and Britain, starting at $1,299.

"People will give up a MacBook Air for this," Google Chrome senior vice
president Sundar Pichai said while showing off the premium end of what, to now,
were low-priced notebook computers that serve as windows to Internet-based
services.

A Pixel model featuring built-in connectivity to the Verizon mobile Internet
service will hit the market in April at a price of $1,449, according to Google.

The version available Thursday allowed connections to the Internet with wireless
hot-spot technology or cables.

"It's a great looking product," Om Malik of technology news website GigaOm said
at the Pixel debut in San Francisco.

"But Google is facing a selling problem, they have to compete on price
originally and build a developer base for a high-end product."

Google hoped people look beyond comparing Pixel prices with competitors such as
MacBooks or laptops built on Windows 8 software to see the value the
touch-screen and the massive terabyte of Google Drive online data storage
included.

"It is clear that touch is here to stay and that it is the future," Pichai said.
"I am sure every laptop will have touch in the future."

He described the Pixel screen resolution as superior to that on any laptop being
shipped today, including Apple's premium MacBook models.

Google also set out to remedy a complaint by Chrome notebook users frustrated
when trying to work with documents or spreadsheets made with Microsoft's widely
used Word or Excel software.

Within three months, Google will release Quickoffice software for handling those
types of files, according to Pichai.

The announcement adds a new dimension to the rivalry between the two tech
giants, which are in a fierce battle over smartphones and tablets.

"This is for power users we expect to live completely in the cloud," Pichai
said. "The Pixel is about pushing the state of the art."

Google custom built Pixel and is producing it with the help of electronics
manufacturers in Taiwan.

Google intended to make a profit on Pixel sales, but said the main intents were
to more deeply mesh the California-based Internet giant's money-generating
products and services into people's lives.

Pixels were also intended to set an example for other device makers to follow,
according to Pichai.

"Chrome notebooks bring the best of Google together; search, maps, Gmail, and
more just a click away," Pichai said. "And since we are obsessed with speed,
this Chromebook is screamingly fast."

Google was working with third-party application developers to tailor Pixel
programs.

"The goal is to get the Pixel in the hands of all our early adopters as well as
developers," Pichai said. "We think our ecosystem will respond well."

Google introduced the first Chromebook in mid-2010 in a challenge to Windows
operating software at the heart of Microsoft's empire.

The array of Chromebook makers has grown to include Acer, Lenovo, Samsung and
Hewlett-Packard, with previous models offered at bargain prices when compared to
high-end laptops.

When Chromebooks were first introduced, then Google chief executive Eric Schmidt
predicted that "cloud computing will define computing as we all know it" and
that the offering was a viable third option to computers built on Apple and
Windows platforms.

Shifting operating software to banks of servers on the Internet means that
Google tends to matters such as updating programs and fending off hackers and
malicious software.

Advantages include quick start-ups from disk-drive free machines and essentially
being able to dive into one's desktop data from anywhere on the Internet.

People can also share their computers, with the operating system preventing
snooping on one another.

Google remains devoted to its Android software for powering tablets and
smartphones, following two paths when it comes to Internet-synched hardware,
according to Pichai.

"So far, we have been in a world that is pretty straight forward: Chromebook
laptops and Android tablets," Pichai said. "Once you start building a touch
laptop, the lines blur but we are doing both."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2013 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

GOOGLE UNVEILS PIXEL PHONE, SMART SPEAKER

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 010

LENGTH: 531 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


HARDWARE WARS

SAN FRANCISCO - Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics
giants like Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones
called Pixel and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company
calls "Google Assistant."

The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own
hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At
a starting price of roughly $650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same
markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones.

GADGETS ON PARADE

During a media event Tuesday, Google executives showed off a series of gadgets
in rapid succession. Its new Home device is a sleek internet-connected speaker
that's designed to respond to voice commands, like Amazon's popular Echo. A new
virtual reality headset called Daydream View will work with the new Pixel phones
and other Android devices. Also unveiled were a new Wi-Fi router and an update
to the company's Chromecast streaming media device.

In announcing the new Pixel phones, Google executives touted features like a
powerful camera, a long-lasting battery - and a dedicated headphone jack, which
Apple recently eliminated from its latest iPhones. The Pixel phones will be sold
in two screen sizes - 5 inches and 5.5 inches - and three colors: black, silver
and blue.

But they're clearly hoping that the new Pixel phones will be distinguished by
their use of Google's software. A central element of all the new devices is the
Google Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to deliver what CEO Sundar
Pichai described as "a personal Google for each and every user."

HARDWARE IS HARD

New devices could help Google keep its services front and center in the battle
for consumers' attention, said analyst Julie Ask at Forrester Research. Unlike a
new mobile app or other software, she noted, it can be an expensive gamble to
build and ship new hardware products. "But if you're Google, you can't afford to
stop placing bets."

Google will sell its Pixel phones online and through retail chains like Best Buy
and various wireless carriers around the world, although the company said it has
an exclusive deal with Verizon in the United States.

HOME, BUT NOT ALONE

Like the Pixel phones, the "Home" device uses Google's digital "Assistant"
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks. "Assistant" is the company's answer to
similar concierge services from rivals, including Siri, Amazon's Alexa and
Microsoft's Cortana.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly $130 online and at electronics
retailers starting next month.

IT'S IN YOUR HEAD

Google's new virtual-reality headset, Daydream View, will differ from other
headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and
compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Pixel.

Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for $79. You'll need a
new Android phone, as existing phones won't have the right hardware.

Google also plans to share design guidelines with other manufacturers to make
Daydream headsets and controllers.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              133 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Google's premium Pixel too smart for its own good

BYLINE: Chris Griffith, Smartphones

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1062  words


Can an intelligent smartphone help write its own phone review? To find out, I
conscripted the natural-language Assistant found on Google's new Pixel XL
smartphone to the journalistic process. And my first question was: "why aren't
you waterproof?" If you don't know about Pixel (5-inch display) and Pixel XL
(5.5-inch display), they are Google's first premium handsets designed by the
company top-to-bottom.

Google this year is playing serious. For the first time, it is directly
challenging the might of the iPhone and premium Android handsets such as
Samsung's Galaxy S7 with its own premium handset that targets their market with
a phone of similar price.

Pixel is a different proposition to the previous Google Nexus-branded phones
such as last year's Nexus 5X and 6P. At $300 to $500 they were great value, but
weren't competing in the big league.

One of the developments around Google is the Assistant. It's a smarter, more
intelligent version of Google Now that understands the context of questions.

When I asked "why aren't you waterproof?", the Assistant in my Pixel XL review
unit understood that when I said "you", I was talking about it, a smartphone. It
displayed a blog entry in Quora that went through this issue chapter-and-verse.
"The problem with -waterproofing is that it adds cost and liability," this post
said. "If you say something is waterproof then you had better mean it." And on
it went.

This is a bittersweet result for Pixel because while it handled this particular
query well, the fact is this phone lacks what is now a standard feature of
premium handsets - water resistance.

Is that a big deal? Yes it is, because this summer, a big proportion of
Australians who head to the beach or the pool with their iPhone 7, Samsung S7,
Sony Xperia XZ and the like won't worry if their phone is sprayed with some
water or gets sand on it.

Of course, I wouldn't use a water and dust-resistant smartphone as a shovel for
building sand castles but with minimal care (such as rinsing it in clean water
afterwards) a water resistant phone gives you confidence to take it anywhere.
With the Pixel range you can't do that yet, which is a mistake if Google is
playing in the 2016 league.

As for Assistant, it's excellent for showing me the nearby Thai restaurants,
Woolworths supermarkets and police stations, although it makes mistakes. When I
ask it for movies in Newtown it shows them for Newtown, Virginia. At times it
doesn't understand my accent. Over time its capability to be useful will improve
as more Australian public utilities put their data online and you get answers to
anything and everything.

In other regards, the XL is a very good phone. It has a very high resolution
quadHD screen (534 pixels per inch), a fast Snapdragon 821 quad core processor,
and a big 3450 milliampere hour battery with more capacity than even an iPad
battery.

If you like Android phones that are fast and don't have bloatware, Pixel could
be for you. They run a pure form of the Android operating system that hasn't
been modified by manufacturers and is minus add-ons that slow down operation.
They are the first to get Android updates. I found Pixel XL to be very fast to
open apps and to move between screens.

With Android Nougat 7.1, operation is simple. From a home screen, swiping down
from the top brings up notifications, swiping from the bottom the app drawer,
and swiping to the right shows your Google cards: weather, calendar events,
stocks, relevant news stories and so on. There is also stunning live wallpapers
to choose from. Press and hold an icon and you'll get shortcuts to chosen app
options, as with iOS10. The home screen has a small search tab instead of a
search bar, which is less intrusive.

Google knew a frightening lot about my tastes, the type of political stories I
read, the football codes I follow, the devices I like reading about - all
gleaned from its previous encounters with Chrome.

There are other big-ticket items on this phone. They start with the 12.3 and 8
megapixel back and front-facing cameras. Google has been plugging the virtues of
this phone, its DuoMark Mobile camera score of 89, but the proof is in the
pudding.

There's no question about the clarity, sharpness and colour of daytime images.
Press down the camera app button and you invoke an intelligent burst mode where
it separates out the cleanest, sharpest shots from the rest. You can also blur
the background, which proved useful in our office where it is busy and
distracting.

The selfie snapper offers equal resolution to some premium smartphone
back-facing cameras. With a 1.55 micron pixel size, this camera purports to take
great low-light photos, but I found those taken by iPhone 7 Plus to be more
reliable, and more accurate colour wise.

On some occasions, the auto setting for the light source would select the wrong
light type (for example, fluorescent versus tungsten), which meant I sometimes
took shots with a blue or yellow tinge in low light. You can set this manually
but this is a complication I don't have with other phones.

Software is another factor making Google (and) Pixel increasingly attractive.
Pixel has the Google Duo, a new video calling app and rival to Apple Facetime.
It's cross platform, so you can call iPhones and Android phones.

And there's Google's Photos app, which uses machine learning to identify people
and other objects in photos. From this it can stitch together a collage of old
photos of a friend or family member. It uses machine learning to comb through a
video and select a pivotal moment for an animation and it can straighten photos
too.

If that doesn't convince you, Google offers free unlimited cloud storage of
photos you take with Pixel.

Battery wise Pixel XL wasn't that impressive with 6.5 hours of battery life
playing video at 50 per cent brightness. That's probably due to the Quad HD
display. Battery saver mode will prolong use. AnTuTu benchmark testing scored
this phone at 138,916, making it one of the fastest-performing phones around.

With Assistant aboard, Pixel and Pixel XL give you not only a great phone but
also a window into the future of smartphone communications. It's fast and
bloatware free. But be careful around the pool and at the beach.The Pixel with
its 5-inch display costs $1079 (32GB) or $1229 (128GB). Pixel XL costs $1269
(32GB) and $1419 (128GB). While it's a great phone, I think that's too much.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Google unveils its new Pixel smartphone; Company also reveals VR headset,
speaker device and digital 'Assistant'

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey, The Associated Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 684 words


SAN FRANCISCO

Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics giants like
Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones called Pixel
and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "
Google Assistant."

The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own
hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At
a starting price of roughly US$650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same
markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones.

GADGETS ON PARADE

During a media event Tuesday, Google executives showed offa series of gadgets in
rapid succession. Google's new Home device is a sleek Internet-connected speaker
that's designed to respond to voice commands, like Amazon's popular Echo. A new
virtual reality headset called Daydream View will work with the new Pixel phones
and other Android devices. Also unveiled were a new Wi-Fi router and an update
to the company's Chromecast streaming media device.

In announcing the new Pixel phones, Google executives touted features like a
powerful camera, a long-lasting battery - and a dedicated headphone jack, which
Apple recently eliminated from its latest iPhones.

The Pixel phones will be sold in two screen sizes - five inches and 5.5 inches -
and three colours: black, silver and blue.

But they're clearly hoping that the new Pixel phones will be distinguished by
their use of Google's software.

A central element of all the new devices is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what CEO Sundar Pichai described as "a
personal Google for each and every user."

Google, which is best known for its widely used Internet search engine, makes
most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it's putting more
emphasis on hardware as it competes for consumers' attention with other leading
tech firms.

HARDWARE IS HARD

New devices could help Google keep its services front and centre in the battle
for consumers' attention, said analyst Julie Ask at Forrester Research.

Unlike a new mobile app or other software, she noted, it can be an expensive
gamble to build and ship new hardware products. "But if you're Google, you can't
afford to stop placing bets."

Google has sold smartphones and tablets under the Nexus brand, which it launched
in 2010 as a way to show offthe best features of its Android software. But it
put relatively little effort into promoting those devices, which have mostly
ended up in the hands of Google purists.

Android already powers the majority of smartphones sold around the world. But
Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones, has increasingly been adding more
of its own software - even its own Samsung Pay mobile wallet - on the phones it
sells. Another big rival, Apple, has built its own services, such as online maps
and its own Siri personal assistant, to replace Google's apps on the iPhone.

Google will sell its Pixel phones online, through retail chains like Best Buy
and various wireless carriers around the world, although the company said it has
an exclusive deal with Verizon in the United States.

HOME, BUT NOT ALONE

Like the Pixel phones, the "Home" device uses Google's digital "Assistant"
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the Internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

"Assistant" is the company's answer to similar concierge services from rivals,
including Siri, Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana. Google said the Home
device will sell for US$130 online and at electronics retailers starting next
month.

Leading tech companies are all competing to assist consumers in their online
activities, from search and navigation to shopping. That gives the companies a
better chance of selling advertising or other services.

Home-based systems like the Echo are taking on more importance as voice
technology has improved, said Forrester's Ask. "You can't assume somebody is
going to go sit down at a computer or pick up a phone and type in a question
anymore," she said. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Eric Risberg, Associated Press; Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks
at a product launch on Tuesday in San Francisco. Google has launched new
products and software to compete with Apple and Samsung.; Photos: Eric Risberg,
Associated Press;  The new Google Pixel phone unveiled Tuesday in San Francisco
is an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung, utilizing a digital helper
called "Google Assistant" to make it easier for users to find information.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 4:12 PM GMT

Cryptic Legend of Zelda reference in Google event countdown hints that NINTENDO
could be joining the Pixel party;
A quote from the Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask has made it into Google's promo
material - and fans are getting excited

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 296 words


When Apple launched the iPhone 7 last month it announced a partnership with
Nintendo that finally brought Mario to the smartphone world .

Could the famed gaming company be about to do the same with another of its epic
franchises?

Eagle-eyed fans on Reddit spotted a line from the Legend of Zelda on Google's
YouTube channel in the hours leading up to today's launch of the new Pixel
smartphone.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

The teaser "Dawn of the Final Day - 24 Hours Remain" is a title card from the
Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask - released on the Nintendo 64 back in 2000.

The appearance of the hint was quickly screengrabbed and dissected on the
Nintendo Reddit forum .

As with the iPhone 7, many of the details of the Pixel phone have been leaked
online prior to this evening's announcement.

Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes
on Apple?

If there is some kind of Zelda-based announcement then both companies have
managed to keep it tightly under wraps so far.

"To be fair and realistic: it could be a simple tribute, or it could be that
tomorrow Nintendo is announcing something the likes of a Mario Run but on The
Legend Of Zelda franchise for android," wrote Reddit user teo_many .

"If by now we've all agreed that this free to play games are ADS for Nintendo,
since Android is the leading platform of mobile market it makes so much sense."

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer day before official
announcement

The Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones are believed to be the key announcements from
this evening's event in San Francisco, but Google is also tipped to reveal a new
version of the Chromecast and a smart speaker for your house called Google Home.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Google Pixel now available in the UAE grey market

LENGTH: 183  words


No word on official units coming to the Middle East

If you're looking to purchase Google first smartphone, the Google Pixel and the
Google Pixel XL are now available in the UAE through grey market sellers and the
likes of dubizzle. We've put together a table on the official US pricing as well
as what it's going for at the moment.

Surprisingly, prices aren't commanding as much of a premium as the new iPhone
does- especially when you factor in taxes and shipping from the US. That being
said, we expect the prices to down by 10-15% in the next few weeks

<table><tr><td>Official Price</td><td>Grey Imports</td></tr> <tr><td>Google
Pixel 32GB</td><td>$649 / AED 2400</td><td>2900-3200</td></tr> <tr><td>Google
Pixel 128GB</td><td>$749/ AED 2750</td><td>3800-4000</td></tr> <tr><td>Google
Pixel XL 32GB</td><td>$769/ AED 2825</td><td>3300-3500</td></tr> <tr><td>Google
Pixel LX 128GB</td><td>$869/AED 3200</td><td>4200-4400</td></tr> </table>

We still don't have any info on official availability but weill certainly keep
you posted if we hear anything.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/4/147799191054.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Google goes for iPhone jugular with Pixel

BYLINE: Adrian Weckler

SECTION: REVIEW;NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 265 words


Google Pixel Price: (EURO)650 Rating: ???? HHHH Google has unveiled two new
smartphones to compete directly with the iPhone 7. Both phones have 12-megapixel
cameras with optical stabilisation and an f2.0 lens. Google claims that the
camera has the best industry technical score of any smartphone. They also have
32GB of storage memory and a bigger battery than the iPhone 7. Both the Pixel
and Pixel XL have a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone. There are two
colours, called 'Quite Black' and 'Very Silver'. They have curved edges and an
aluminium unibody. Google says that the Pixel has a DxOMark Mobile score of 89,
besting the iPhone 7 and Samsung S7.

It says the camera is excellent in low light and has features such as 'lens
blur', which generate shallow-depth-of-field effects. Tapping the 'Support' tab
in 'Settings' now gets you to a Google expert who will help you with queries.
The company says you can share your screen with the expert for step-by-step
help.

The battery in the Pixel is larger than most rivals. A quick 15-minute charge
gives you up to seven hours of use. It also unlocks immediately with the
fingerprint reader. It has a one-tap video-calling feature called Google Duo
built in. With the iPhone's Facetime clearly in mind, the Pixel phone uses
Google Duo with both Android phones and iPhones. (The Google Duo app can be
downloaded in the iPhone App Store and the Google Play Store.) Lastly, it has
Google Assistant built in. You can ask this phone to do things by starting with
the phrase "Ok Google" or by touching and holding the Home button to start.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Google takes on Apple with premium phones; Designed in-house

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 715 words


Google Inc. unveiled a revamped line of smartphones, the first to be fully
conceptualized and designed by the tech giant in-house, marking a major
strategic departure that puts it in direct competition with Apple Inc.'s iPhone
in the premium device market.

With the new line of Pixel smartphones, Alphabet Inc's Google said it is
"getting serious" about hardware, merging several product departments that
designed the device to ensure that software - Android - and device work better
together.

Available for pre-order starting Tuesday, the aluminum-body Pixel smartphone
will come in two screen sizes: 5-inch and 5.5-inch. Each model will be available
in black and silver and have 32 gigabyte and 128GB options. Prices are US$899
(32GB) and US$1,029 (128GB) for the 5-inch, then US$1,049 (32GB) and US$1,179
(128GB) for the 5.5-inch off contract, putting the Pixel right in iPhone
territory as far as price.

Pixel's battery has a quick charging feature that Google said will get seven
hours of battery life after plugging it in for just 15 minutes. The
12.3-megapixel camera has a feature called Lens Blur that uses software to
create a shallow depth of field and bokeh effects similar to a DSLR camera.

Launching with the Pixel are Live Cases, US$50 accessories for the phone that
have a programmable shortcut button and live wallpapers. The cases are
customizable, and can include a favourite photo, place in Google Maps or even
pre-designed artwork from creators like Chris Hadfield or FAILE.

According to Google, the Pixel marks the "start of a journey" for the company
and a long-term strategy of bringing high-quality smartphones to market. While
the device sounds interesting on paper, it's the software's integration with
hardware designed by Google that the company hopes will be appealing to
consumers. For example, Pixel phones come with unlimited cloud storage for
full-resolution photos and videos. There is also a one-tap video calling feature
through Google Duo and a built-in Google Support button if a user needs help.

But the most significant example of Google integrating software and hardware is
with Google Assistant, the company's virtual assistant that was announced in the
spring and is now integrated into the new Pixel phones.

"It's sort of like a natural evolution at Google," said Gummi Hafsteinsson,
product management director at Google, in an interview with Financial Post. "
Google Search has been this interface that people can turn to for information,
and... we feel like it is time now to add a fully formed conversational
interface with Google." Right now, Assistant is available in text format within
Google's chat app Allo for Android and iOS, but the Pixel phones will see the
company doubling down on the service with voice commands and eventually
thirdparty integration. In Allo, the user can call on the text-based Assistant
in the middle of a conversation with friends or in a separate bot-like chat to
help do tasks such as book a restaurant reservation.

But with Pixel and voice commands, Hafsteinsson said users can also use Google
Assistant to help with typical phone tasks (such as crafting a text message or
reminder) or ask questions you might have used another Google app for (such as
looking for nearby cafés). In addition, Assistant will be able to recognize
what's on the screen to help you within your current context.

What makes Assistant stand out from competitors such as Apple's Siri,
Microsoft's Cortana or Amazon's Alexa, Hafsteinsson says, is it's more
conversational, capable of intelligent follow-up questions, and it can be
personalized, getting to know the user over time through interaction with your
Google account.

The amount of personal data it takes to make the most of Assistant may raise
privacy concerns for some, but Hafsteinsson said the user has full control over
what can be accessed.

Google's long-term strategy for Assistant is offering full conversational
experiences with a third party, as opposed to just accessing databases.

"For example, if I asked Assistant for an Uber, then imagine an agent
(temporarily) joins the conversation and I'm talking to them directly," said
Hafsteinsson. "We really want to build an ecosystem around helping you get
things done." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Open Source FOR You

                                October 5, 2016

Google reshapes into hardware company with Pixel phone

BYLINE: Jagmeet Singh

LENGTH: 323  words


Google on Tuesday unveiled its first-ever "made by Google" smartphone, called
the Pixel. The new handset has brought the search giant to the ever-growing
world of hardware that already has Apple and Samsung as the leaders.

The Google Pixel is the world's first smartphone with Android 7.1 Nougat. It
includes Google Assistant to let users have natural conversations with Google
and find answers to their real-life questions. Additionally, Google is offering
pre-installed Google Duo and Allo apps to give an advanced communication
experience.

Developers would get a chance to integrate their apps with Google Assistant
sometime in the future. However, the experience is so far limited to Google's
core apps and services.

Just another high-end offering

While the software-side of the Pixel is novel and innovative from the current
market, its hardware is just another high-end offering. The smartphone comes in
two different variants, with 5-inch and 5.5-inch AMOLED display options.
Additionally, there is the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset and up to
128GB of storage.

The phone also comes with a 12.3-megapixel primary camera sensor with PDAF and
LDAF technologies and f/2.0 aperture. Google is touting that these inputs enable
the smartphone to offer the "best rear camera" experience.

The Pixel starts at $649 in the US (Rs. 57,000 in India) to rival Apple iPhone 7
and Samsung Galaxy S7.

Not a first attempt

Although the Pixel is a fresh offering in the smartphone market, it is not the
first attempt by Google. The company launched several Android-running mobile
devices under its Nexus brand. Likewise, it had even acquired Motorola in 2011
to manufacture smartphones with vanilla Android experience.

That being said, the Pixel is a major step to help Google reach new levels. This
might not attract masses but would bring the Sundar Pichai-led company directly
to the smartphone market that predicted to hit 2 billion sales in 2020.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Open Source FOR You

                                November 1, 2016

Foss Bytes: Google Reshapes into Hardware Company with Pixel Phone

LENGTH: 324  words


Google has unveiled its first ever 'made by Google' smartphone, called the Pixel
. The new handset has brought the search giant into the booming smartphone
hardware market, which already has Apple and Samsung as the leaders.



The Google Pixel is the world's first smartphone with the Android 7.1 Nougat OS.
It includes Google Assistant, which lets users have natural conversations with
Google and find answers to their real-life questions. Additionally, Google is
offering pre-installed Google Duo and Allo apps to give an advanced
communication experience.

Developers would get a chance to integrate their apps with Google Assistant
sometime in the future. However, the experience is so far limited to Google's
core apps and services.

While the software side of Pixel is novel and innovative, its hardware is just
another high-end offering. The smartphone comes in two different variants, with
12.7cm (5-inch) and 13.9cm (5.5-inch) AMOLED display options. Additionally,
there is the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset and up to 128GB of storage.

The phone also comes with a 12.3-megapixel primary camera sensor with PDAF and
LDAF technologies and an f/2.0 aperture. Google claims that these inputs enable
the smartphone to offer the 'best rear camera' experience.

The Pixel starts at US$ 649 in the US (Rs 57,000 in India) to rival Apple iPhone
7 and Samsung Galaxy S7.

Although the Pixel is a fresh offering in the smartphone market, it is not the
first attempt by Google. The company had earlier launched several Android based
mobile devices under its Nexus brand. Likewise, it had even acquired Motorola in
2011 (which it later sold to Lenovo in 2014) to manufacture smartphones with a
vanilla Android experience.

That being said, the Pixel is a major step to help Google reach new levels. It
might not attract the masses but could enable the company to make a dent in the
smartphone market, which is predicted to hit US$ 2 billion in sales in 2020.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Google Pixel launch date announced; Nexus era comes to an end;
A new youtube video from Google on Monday confirmed the launch of its new Pixel
smartphones on October 4.-- Delivered by Feed43 service

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 283  words


A new youtube video from Google on Monday confirmed the launch of its new Pixel
smartphones on October 4. The teaser video shows a box taking the shape of a
smartphone with the date October 4 flashing next to it. The Google logo appears
at the end of the video. Google is expected to shut down the Nexus brand this
year and start with the "Pixel" name as it already has on its tablets and the
Chromebook. These two smartphones are being produced by a collaboration with
HTC. The names of the two devices are Pixel and Pixel XL.

The phones are to run on the new Android Nougat 7.1 OS and are code named
'Sail-Fish' and 'Marlin'. Though Google's rolling out of the Android Nougat 7.1
OS comes as a surprise as the company rolls out the new Operating System at the
time of the launch of the new Nexus. Google also has plans of announcing the
launch of a 4K Chromecast and the Google Home speaker. The Home speaker was
first announced at Google's annual I/O conference.

if leaks are to be believed, Marlin is the flagship smartphone of both the
devices. Marlin has a 5.5-inch Quad HD display and runs on the Snapdragon 821
and has an internal memory storage of 128GB storage space. The smartphone will
also have a RAM of 4GB. The Pixel smartphone will also have a 5-inch did play
and will run on a Snapdragon 820 processor with an Adreno 530 chipset. It will
have an internal memory storage of 32GB and have a RAM of 4GB. The Sailfish or
the Pixel smartphone will also sport a rear camera of 11 megapixels. It will
also support 4K video recording. The front camera is rumoured to be of 7
megapixels.

October 4, 2016, will not only see the launch of the Pixel smartphones but also
the end of the nexus era.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

Google to directly sell Pixel smartphone through stores and promote device like
Apple and Samsung

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: RETAIL

LENGTH: 579 words


NEW DELHI: Google is entering a space it has never been to before -- the Indian
mobile phone retail store.

The company will directly sell its new Pixel smartphones to consumers through at
least seven prominent large-format retail stores in India, besides multi-brand
stores, and promote the flagship device just as much as top brands Apple and
Samsung.

And it's entering with a bang. Analysts expect Google to start with about 1 lakh
devices -- more than ever before -- to make a dent in India's premium smartphone
segment, which is dominated by Samsung and Apple. Until now, manufacturers of
Google phones such as Nexus were responsible for marketing, which has been
extremely low key and limited.

Google is raising the stakes in the premium segment -- Rs 30,000-plus -- right
after Samsung's huge setback with the Galaxy Note 7 debacle. Still, the search
giant faces a huge challenge as Apple has already shipped in about 2 lakh units
of its iPhone 7 ahead of Diwali. Samsung is redirecting its marketing budget to
promote the S7 and S7 Edge.

Bookings for the two Pixel models opened on October 13 through Flipkart and
offline retailers. Google's marketing play is expected to escalate next week --
before Diwali -- although the launch date isn't known. Google is holding a media
event on October 25. The 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL went on sale in the
US a couple of days ago.

"It's a shift of strategy (for Google), as it follows the make-your-ownphone
plans, but it's also required," said Santosh Desai, managing director of Future
Brands. "Google is going up against formidable brands, so it can't go half-way
on end-consumer communication...the Samsung (incident) opens up the opportunity
for Google vs Apple, so all the more reason for them to go full throttle."

Google is aware of the task at hand and plans to respond accordingly.

"We will run a 360-degree above-theline campaign with TV, cinema, out-of-home in
top seven metro cities, print and digital, to build the brand," a Google
spokesperson said.

Heavy spending is expected for spreading the word on the Pixel smartphones. The
base model for Pixel costs Rs 57,000.

Print advertisements will run for the next three to four months while television
ad spots will target Hindi and English entertainment channels. Google will also
use You-Tube and its other digital platforms to promote the devices. The
Alphabet-owned company will showcase the Pixel and Pixel XL in key stores of
large-format retail chains including Croma, Reliance Digital, Spice Mobility and
Jumbo. Tie-ups with other chains, including The Mobile Store, are in the works,
industry insiders said.

"Displays for Pixel will be set up in top 50 stores of the total 300 that we
have. They will carry the Google branding, something that a consumer would have
not seen before," the chief executive officer of one retail chain said, asking
not to be identified.

A full-fledged strategy is necessary, especially in the premium segment, to
convince users that Google can compete, said Jaipal Singh, a senior analyst at
IDC India. It has failed in the past, a case in point being the Nexus 5X and 6P
launched last year, which sold a combined less than a lakh units from October
last year to date. Comparatively, an average of about 600,000 premium units are
sold in the country each month.

Cupertino-based Apple is spending about Rs 100 crore on marketing and
advertising in India during the festive period, ET reported previously.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

Wolverton: Google's flashy Chromebook is beautiful, but pricey and limited

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 693 words


Pixel is their attempt to create a Chromebook that the boss would be proud to
take home.

In terms of design, theGoogleGOOG ) folks have achieved their goal. The Pixel is
thinner and lighter thanAppleAAPL )'s comparable MacBook Pro, but feels just as
sturdy. Like the Apple laptops, the Pixel's case is made from aluminum, not from
the plastic found on the less-expensive Chromebooks. The Pixel has sharper edges
and is much more rectangular than the MacBook Pros, which gives it a sleek,
modern look.

The Pixel takes another page from Apple by including a high-resolution screen
similar to Apple's "Retina" display. In fact, the Pixel's screen is even higher
resolution than those in Apple's new MacBook Pros. It's beautiful and bright,
making text and pictures super-sharp.

But Google has also looked beyond Apple for inspiration. The Pixel features a
touch screen like those found in many of the latest Windows laptops. And it
includes a powerfulIntelINTC ) Core i5 processor, which is standard fare on
Apple and Windows-based notebooks, but is unique for a Chromebook.

The processor makes a difference. While the Samsung Chromebook I recently tested
felt sluggish, the Pixel is snappy and responsive, instantly resuming from sleep
and quickly switching among tabbed Web pages.

The Pixel also offers some uncommon features. One model includes an LTE radio,
which provides a fast Internet connection when you aren't near a Wi-Fi hotspot.
That model also includes a limited amount of monthly broadband access from
Verizon for two years.

All models of the Pixel come with 1 terabyte of space on the Google Drive cloud
storage service for free for three years. That's a bargain, because Google
typically charges $50 a month for that much space.

But despite all of its bells and whistles, the Pixel is still a Chromebook and
suffers the same limitations as the others.

Because Chrome is designed to run Web-based apps, the operating system lacks
many popular PC applications. You won't find Skype, for example, or Photoshop or
many high-end video games. And if you need to use special software for work or
to connect to a device in your house, you can almost be certain that software
won't be available for Chrome.

That lack of applications means you simply can't do as much with a Chromebook as
you can with a Mac or Windows PC. If you're spending only $250 for a basic
Chromebook, that shortcoming is acceptable. But it's not when you're spending
$1,300, which is the starting price of the Pixel. For that money, you can get a
very nice Windows machine or Apple's MacBook Air.

And some of the Pixel's embellishments that help to drive up its price seem
unnecessary. The touch screen in particular seems to have little use. Google
hasn't redesigned Chrome's interface to take advantage of the touch screen. And
unlike some of the new Windows notebooks, the Pixel's screen doesn't detach or
fold back on itself, so you can't use the device like a tablet.

While the screen is wonderful, it has one huge drawback: it drains the device's
battery. Google says users should see up to five hours of battery life from the
Pixel. That's already less than you'd get on many of the latest Mac or Windows
laptops. But in my testing, the battery life wasn't even as good as advertised;
I got around 4 1/2 hours of use at best.

So while I understand Google's impulse and appreciate the Pixel's design and
display, I'm not convinced that anyone yet needs a premium Chromebook.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or twolverton@mercurynews.com Follow him
at www.mercurynews.com/troy-wolverton or Twitter.com/troywolv.What: Google
Chromebook Pixel laptopLikes: High-resolution screen; fast processor;
solid-feeling aluminum body; sleek, modern design; optional LTE radio; 1
terabyte of free space on Google Drive
Dislikes: Pricey; lacks access to certain popular PC programs; doesn't take
advantage of included touch screen; relatively short battery life.
Specs: 1.8 GHz, dual-core Intel Core i5 processor; 12.85-inch, 2560 x 1700 pixel
screen; 4GB memory.
Price: $1,300 for Wi-Fi-only model with 32GB storage; $1,450 for model with LTE
radio, Wi-Fi and 64GB of storage.
Web:www.chromebook.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google Introduces the Pixel, Its Own Smartphone

BYLINE: DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 869 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO

ABSTRACT

Google's new strategy of controlling both hardware and software puts it more
directly in competition with Apple and many of its own Android partners.

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO - For all the bells and whistles of Google's new smartphone, the
biggest point of emphasis is tucked away in small type on the back of the
device: "Phone by Google."

Today, most of Google's smartphone software runs on devices manufactured by
companies like Samsung, LG Electronics and Lenovo, with Google's presence often
relegated to the background. But with its new Pixel smartphone, introduced
Tuesday at a press event, Google is front and center and selling a phone that it
created from the industrial design to the components.

Google's new strategy of controlling both hardware and software for its devices
puts the company more directly in competition with Apple and many of its own
Android partners. It's a necessity, Google says, because of the advent of
artificial intelligence.

Sundar Pichai, Google's chief executive, said devices with artificial
intelligence - where computers can understand what people are saying and respond
conversationally with the right information at the right moment - present a
seminal moment in computing on par with the creation of the personal computer,
the World Wide Web and smartphones.

For Google, artificial intelligence takes form in the Google Assistant. Google
demonstrated how the Assistant, through a series of questions, can be used to
plan a night out - from finding out about upcoming concerts at a certain venue
to booking a reservation at a restaurant or researching how long the drive from
the restaurant to the show will take.

"The goal is to build a personal Google for each and every individual," Mr.
Pichai said.

Pixel is the first smartphone with the Google Assistant built into the device.
It was part of a new-product barrage including a Wi-Fi router, a virtual reality
headset and a Chromecast device for streaming high-resolution video.

The Assistant is also a key part of another product the company introduced on
Tuesday, Google Home. As the company's answer to the Amazon Echo, Google Home is
a speaker that listens for questions or commands to play music or control
internet-connected devices. The Echo, which relies on A.I. software created by
Amazon called Alexa, has been a surprise hit and has been on the market for two
years.

The Echo's success informed an important part of Google's strategy: hardware
products that provide a vessel to get the Google Assistant into the hands of
consumers.

Its competitors are taking a similar path with their A.I. technology. Amazon is
now building Alexa into its other hardware products like Fire tablets and Fire
TV set-top boxes. Apple is considering expanding the reach of its virtual
assistant from the iPhone and iPad into the home with an Echo-like device.

"If you really want to make a step-change difference, you really have to design
the software and hardware together," said Rick Osterloh, who returned to Google
in April to be its senior vice president of hardware. He was the president of
Motorola when it was owned by Google and moved with the company when it was sold
to Lenovo in 2014.

Part of Mr. Osterloh's mandate is to make sense of Google's fragmented hardware
efforts, which span a wide range of devices, from Chromebook computers to Wi-Fi
routers. He said he planned to focus Google's hardware resources in areas that
highlight the company's software, while also creating a unified look and feel to
the devices.

Creating a uniform experience, especially in the world of smartphones, has been
a challenge for Google. Hardware manufacturers often modify Google's software to
make what they sell a little different from that of their competitors.

For the last six years, Google worked with other hardware manufacturers such as
Samsung and LG Electronics to develop the Nexus line of smartphones. Those
phones provided a showcase for the best of Google's software, but much of the
design and production process was handled by the company's hardware partners.

With Pixel, Mr. Osterloh said, "we wanted to build things as Google intended."

But becoming a hardware manufacturer is not easy. Google is now exposed to new
risks associated with a hardware business, such as managing inventory, providing
customer service and procuring components.

With the Pixel, Google clearly has Apple's iPhone in its sights. During an
onstage presentation, Mr. Osterloh said the Pixel doesn't have an "unsightly
camera bump" - a reference to the protruding nub that sticks out from the
iPhone's rear camera.

In a commercial for the Pixel, Google also said its phone is all-new while
noting that the Pixel comes with a "satisfyingly not new" headphone jack.
Apple's latest iPhones come without a headphone jack, a design decision that has
sparked furious debate in the technology news media.

The Pixel, which is available for order, will come with a very iPhone-like
price, starting at $649. Google said Google Home will sell for $129 and be
available starting next month. The Pixel is available at Verizon and Best Buy
stores. For people who want to use the phone with a different carrier, Google
will sell the phone unlocked at its online store.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

What time is Google's October 4 event 2016? Google Home release date, 4K
Chromecast and Pixel smartphones rumoured to be announced;
It is heavily rumoured that two new Android phones will be the focus at the
Google Pixel launch event - as well as several other new pieces of hardware

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 550 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting today.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Yesterday, the cat looked to be well and truly out of the bag thanks to Carphone
Warehouse. The UK retailer has inadvertently listed pictures and details of the
upcoming phones.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The event itself is being held in San Francisco and kicks off at 9am Pacific
Standard Time.

Over here in the UK, that equals 5pm in British Summer Time.

The event will be live-streamed on YouTube for any of those who can't make it
over to San Francisco in person.

Along with the two new smartphones, Google is going to try and push further into
your home with its other new kit.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

First up is expected to be a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

Amazon Echo smart speaker goes on sale in the UK - and Apple's already planning
a rival

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK, which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 7:21 PM GMT

Google unveils new Pixel smartphones in bid to challenge Apple's iPhone;
A STANDARD 5-inch model and a larger 5.5-inch version called the Pixel XL have
been released featuring fingerprint scanners and an AI-powered assistant called
Allo.

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 467 words


GOOGLE has unveiled it's much-anticipated "Pixel" smartphones in a bid to
challenge Apple's iPhone at the high end of the mobile market.

The company's CEO Sundar Pichai launched the phones in San Francisco and was met
with plenty of applause.

Taking over from the Nexus brand, Pixel is a shift towards a more premium phone
that will compete with both the iPhone 7 and Samsung's popular Galaxy S7.

As expected, Google revealed two different versions of the Pixel - a standard
5-inch model and a larger 5.5-inch version called the Pixel XL.

Inside the Pixel is a quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit processor, 4GB of RAM and a
non-removable 2,770mAh lithium ion battery. The phone comes with either 32GB or
128GB of storage.

The Pixel XL meanwhile has a 2,560 x 1,440 AMOLED display with a quad-core
Qualcomm processor, 4GB of RAM and a big 2,450mAh battery.

Both phones boast the same 12MP rear-facing camera and 8M front-facing one. And
what's more, in Google's own words, "there's no unsightly camera bump".

Samsung offers cash incentives to Galaxy Note 7 customers after exploding
battery kerfuffle

They both have fingerprint scanners on the back of the phone and the new USB-C
charging port on the bottom. And, unlike Apple, both phones come with 3.5mm
headphone ports.

One of the biggest benefits of the new Pixel phones is that they will ship with
the latest version of Android pre-installed. Also, when it comes to future
updates, Google's own phones tend to be updated first compared with other
Android phone makers like Samsung or Sony.

Android "Nougat" is notable for a new AI-powered assistant called Allo.

Google are keen to expend artificial intelligence into their devices. The Allo
Assistant is designed to show information that people need. For instance, it can
scan what is on a screen if someone asks "How far to this restaurant?", and then
call on Google's voice and picture recognition technology, as well as
information from places like Google Maps, to show the answer to a user's
question.

The company say they also built the phone specifically for VR by adding sensors
and other features that will link up a new headset called Daydream View.

How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test

If you're keen to ditch the iPhone and get hold of either of the Pixels then you
won't have to wait long as they're going to be available on October 20th.

However, it won't be cheap. Buying directly from Google or Carphone Warehouse
means you can pick up the phones SIM free and unlocked for the one-off price of
£599 for the 5-inch Pixel and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

That puts them in exactly the same kind of territory as Apple's iPhone models.

It looks like EE is the only network in the UK that will stock the phone on
contract, and we'll update this as soon as it is known for certain.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 1:15 PM GMT

How to pre-order the Google Pixel phone;
Pre order for the Google Pixel is open now after it was announced yesterday next
to Google Wifi and Google Home

BYLINE: By Matthew Cooper

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 180 words


The Google Pixel is now available for pre-order in the UK. The new phone by
Google has been billed as the first phone entirely made by Google - 'inside and
out'.

And the company is hoping it will be a direct competitor to Apple's iPhone.

Also unveiled at the event were Google Wifi, an update to Chromecast and lastly
Google Home got an official price and ship date.

All quite exciting, so if you want the Google Pixel, here's what you need to
know.

Pre-orders began in the UK yesterday and will ship to stores on Thursday,
October 20. Better yet, if you pre-order before October 20 you'll receive a £50
Google Play voucher.

Head to either Carphone Warehouse , Google or EE to place your pre-order.

The Toys R Us Christmas payment plan every parent needs to know about

If you buy directly from Google or from the Carphone Warehouse (in store or
online) you can pick up the phones SIM-free and unlocked for the one-off price
of £599 for the 5-inch Pixel and £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

Right now, it's looking like EE is the only network offering them on contract in
an exclusive deal.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Google's hybrid tablet packs a lot of muscle; Review: Pixel C

BYLINE: April Fong, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP8

LENGTH: 838 words


Google Inc.'s Pixel C is an answer to new hybrid tablets like Microsoft Corp.'s
Surface Pro 4 and Apple Inc.'s iPad Pro. But then again, it's not.

This is no 12-to 13-inch large-screen giant, and it's also not designed with a
stylus pen in mind. This is a device that is comfortably smaller with a
10.2-inch display and its fancy trick lies in the ways Google has put search at
the forefront.

At a time when interest in tablets is waning, the first Android tablet wholly
built by Google is a powerful, compact and elegant device that Android users
will love. But, with a price tag of nearly $850 (if you include the keyboard,
which is sold separately), it's built for the high-end market and may make you
wonder - should I just buy a laptop?

Like its big brother, Google's Chromebook Pixel laptop, the Pixel C (which
stands for "convertible") is crafted from anodized aluminum and sports a USB
Type-C port. The tablet has a smooth, sturdy feel and, by itself, it's
featherlight and just 7mm thin.

Yet, when you add on the keyboard - which weighs 400 grams (0.88 lbs.) on its
own - suddenly the device feels quite hefty at more than two lbs. (900 g). That
may be a drawback for some, but I loved the solid feel of the keyboard. Even
though it's a fraction of the size of a regular sized keyboard, my hands quickly
adapted because the full-sized keys are spaced out, and there's a nice depth
that I felt while typing. Not exactly a wrist pad, there's even a
centimetre-tall padded palm rest at the bottom of the keyboard.

To save on space, there are obviously a number of keys missing, which you can
pull up on the tablet's touchscreen. What's also missing is a capslock key; in
its place is a search button, useful if you want to Google something quickly.

Pairing the keyboard is incredibly easy. You snap the back of the tablet onto
the keyboard's magnet strip, and then fold the tablet up. The Pixel C's software
automatically knows when it's paired, so I didn't need to fiddle around with
settings. It just knew.

Unlike many other hybrid tablets, if there was a glare on the screen, I was able
to adjust it at different angles from 100 to 135 degrees. That magnetic strip is
surprisingly strong, too. Every time I picked up the tablet from its top edge, I
never feared the keyboard would fall off or flop around. It stayed on as snugly
as when it was sitting on a table. I even flung it around a few times, and the
keyboard and tablet remained securely attached - it's as if it's made to be a
laptop.

Another way the Pixel C is more laptop-like than tablet-like is its powerful
specifications. Google opted for NVIDIA's Tegra X1 processor with Maxwell GPU -
the same chip that NVIDIA put inside its SHIELD Android TV units. That means the
Pixel C is not only a powerhouse for everyday needs like checking email,
watching Netflix or working on a document, but also running advanced graphics.
When I played the graphics-rich car racing game Asphalt 8: Airborne on the Pixel
C, for example, the races looked crisp, rich with colour and it ran smoothly.

That's helped by the fact that Google has packed 308 pixels per inch in its
screen (more than the iPad Pro's 264 ppi). Videos and pictures look gorgeous and
bright on this display, but I wonder - will users like this relatively small
10.2-inch screen when it comes to productivity?

That said, Google's big business is search and what helps set Pixel C apart from
other tablets is its emphasis on helping you find information - from the
keyboard's magnifying glass key, to its search functions in the Android 6.0
Marshmallow operating system, as well as its Google Drive suite of productivity
tools.

While writing in Google Docs, for example, I used the "Research in Docs"
function, which created a split-screen where I could still work on my document
on top, while searching for information on the second, bottom window.

When I read a Financial Post article about Husky Energy considering cutting
spending in Alberta, I was able to look up different elements in the story by
activating "Now on Tap" by pressing and holding the home button. That brought up
a number of information cards related to the story, including for Husky Energy,
its CEO Asim Ghosh and OPEC , which I could then select to look through news,
images and Google search results.

For the Pixel C, Google has poured the best-of-the-best into designing and
building its first tablet. That, of course, comes at a price. In Canada, the
32GB tablet costs $649 or you can shell out another $150 for the 64GB version.
Both models are available starting Tuesday in the Google Store.

As with most other hybrid tablets, its star accessory - the keyboard - is sold
separately and will set you back another $199.

The Pixel C is smaller than its rivals and isn't designed with a stylus in mind,
but users will love how that makes it ultra-portable. Those shopping for a
2-in-1 now have a premium Android option with a lot of muscle.

afong@nationalpost.com Twitter.com/aprilfong !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Davi D Paul Morris, Bloomberg News; Google Inc.'s Pixel C tablet puts a
lot of computing power into a small unit, but the device doesn't come cheap. Its
star accessory - the keyboard - is sold separately.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       October 3, 2016 Monday 2:27 PM GMT

Google pixel phone launch UK: Event start time and everything you need to know
ahead of the Google event announcement;
What time does the Google event start on October 4?

BYLINE: By Matthew Cooper

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 316 words


As the 'season to be jolly' approaches so does the season to buy all the new
tech stuff.

The iPhone 7 is already here and this week Google are launching their new device
into the world.

The official announcement is set for tomorrow but thanks to some leaks from
Carphone Warehouse, we already know a fair few details about the new phone.

The Pixel phone event is on October 4. It will take place in San Francisco and
starts at 9am Pacific Standard Time which is 5pm UK time.

The tech powerhouse's newest phone models are called the Pixel and the Pixel XL.

iPhone 7 review

Well if the Carphone Warehouse leak is to be believed the Pixel has a five-inch
screen while the larger Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch display.

The OS the phone runs will have a new AI assistant called Allo.

Owners of the Pixel will also have free unlimited storage on Google Photos.

Engadget reports that the phone will have rapid charging through its USB-C port.

The Verge lists the phone as having either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage.
There are rumours the phone will come in black, white, silver and electric blue.



Well, obviously Google is the biggest search engine in the world. But beyond
that they are the company behind Chromebook computers, the current Nexus phones,
the Chrome browser and much more.

According to Android Police, the normal model will cost $649 (£498) for the
smaller 32GB device with prices getting gradually higher from there. So it's
certainly not a cheap option.

At this rate Google could just be telling us things we already know so hopefully
the Pixel and the Pixel XL will have a super cool USP that hasn't trickled out
onto the internet yet.

A new Chromecast and a new router are expected to be unveiled as well as
announcing the release date for AI-powered speaker Google Home. Google Home is
effectively a rival to Amazon's popular Echo speaker.

Free PlayStation Plus games for October on PS4, PS3 and Vita

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

Google Pixel C is Google's first tablet

LENGTH: 162 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Dec. 9 -- Google jumps on the premium tablet bandwagon with its
first Android tablet called Google Pixel C. Being a hybrid tablet (means you can
attach a keyboard to it), Pixel C brings together the benefit of a full-size
keyboard with the portability of a tablet. Running on Andropid 6.0 Marshmallow
operating system, Pixel C comes with a 10.2 inches display with a resolution of
2,560x1,800 pixel. The tablet has two storage options -- 32 and 64 GB, and has a
maximum battery life of 10+ hours. Keyboard for the Google Pixel C is optional,
which means you have to shell out additional $150 if you want to attach a
keyboard to your tablet and turn into a laptop- like platform for productivity
purposes. Google Pixel C starts at USD $500 on Google store.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Google aims for Apple's core with high-end Chromebook Pixel

BYLINE: Jemima Kissguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 466 words

ABSTRACT

Latest high-spec device features high resolution touchscreen and is aimed at
developers, early adopters and businesses

FULL TEXT

Google made an ambitious assault on the high-end laptop market on Thursday,
confirming months of rumour by announcing the Chromebook Pixel, which features a
large-format, high resolution touchscreen.

Demonstrating the new Pixel, Chrome head Sundar Pichai said Google's aim had
been to make a device to satisfy developers and early adopters.

"This is about power users. Some of them buy Mac, some buy Windows 8. We wanted
to make sure Chrome OS is in that segment," said Pichai. The high resolution
touchscreen is designed to help developers build apps and services that work
seamlessly across multiple devices. "This is the future - high resolution and
touchscreen, and we're behind in the laptop world," he said. "We want to push
the ecosystem and web development forward, so this can be thought of as a
reference device, in the same way as the Nexus, that will inspire a whole new
generation of devices."

Google has said that it does not think in terms of market share, but a high-end
laptop puts it in direct competition with Apple, particularly with the Macbook
Air. Pichai insisted the Pixel offered better specifications for its price.

Pichai said: "It will stand up well against a Macbook Air. Air doesn't have
touchscreen or a high resolution screen, so with Pixel you get a lot for your
money."

The Pixel's screen is higher than conventional laptop screens at a 3:2 ratio or
2560 x 1700, at 239 pixels per inch. A new Google Plus Photo app, launching in
the Chrome store in three weeks, is designed to showcase the screen, and will
allow users to browse and organise photos offline as well as share them.

Pichai also referred to a target business audience where companies are using
cloud applications including Google Apps, and said Google's June 2012
acquisition of QuickOffice would mean Word and Excel documents can be
integrated.

Google's first Chromebook, the low-end CR-48, was released with Google branding,
but subsequent models featured branding from partners Samsung, Acer, Lenovo and
HP. The first Pixel has also been designed and manufactured by Google, and is
intended to be a 'reference device' for partners.

The laptop shell has been streamlined to hide cooling vents, screw fittings and
speakers, part of a principle of making it as inconspicuous as possible, while
the software is designed to make access to web content simple. Specifications
include an Intel i5 processor, a 32GB or 64GB solid state drive and one terabyte
of Google Drive storage for three years. Battery life, despite the
energy-sapping high resolution screen, is claimed to be 5 hours.

Pixel is available to order in the UK from Google Play for [#xfffd]1049, with
shipping in April.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              152 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Chromebook: Turbo Edition

BYLINE: By MOLLY WOOD

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; GADGETWISE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 875 words


GOOGLE'S Chromebook Pixel is a mysterious beast.

The Chromebook Pixel computer, a made-by-Google exercise in staggering specs,
was first released in 2013 as the top-of-the-line Chromebook, a laptop that runs
Google's Chrome operating system. Most Chromebooks sell for $250 to $500, but
the Pixel came out at an eye-popping $1,300.

The original Pixel included mostly top-of-the-line technology and some indulgent
impracticalities, like an extremely high-resolution multitouch display. Yet it
was burdened with outdated connection ports, mediocre battery life and a
web-only operating system that baffled some users.

Now, the second-edition Chromebook Pixel has arrived. It's just as confounding
as the first, and, oddly, just as appealing.

The second-generation Pixel, like the original, is made of squared-off aluminum.
And it has a complete lack of visible screws and vents. It feels solid -- too
solid, in fact, at a beefy 3.3 pounds.

Its high-resolution screen has higher pixel density than an Apple Retina
display, and it's still a touch screen. That's a novelty that you'll rarely use,
unless you need to pinch and zoom, in which case it's unbelievably useful. (But
then you'll need to immediately reach for a chamois to wipe down the display.)

In terms of speed and power, the Pixel is impressive, to say the least. It comes
in two models, and Google refers to the higher-priced version as the ''LS''
model, short for Ludicrous Speed. How Google of them. Those prices are a bit
lower than they were for the previous version, but the Pixel is still an
expensive laptop at $1,000 for the base model and $1,300 for the faster one.

The Chrome operating system has matured to where it's not only usable but feels
somewhat similar to the Mac or Windows operating system, as long as you
primarily use your laptop for email and web surfing.

Its battery life is said to be greatly improved -- about 12 hours of consistent
use, according to Google. And in a cute touch, a strip on the laptop's cover
displays how much power is left if you tap on it while the lid is closed.

Certain other quirks will take getting used to or might never be considered
valuable. For example, Google has replaced the caps lock key with a dedicated
search key on its otherwise excellent keyboard. The keyboard, by the way, is
backlit -- and the light fades when you take your hands off it and comes up
again when you come close.

But all of that said, the Pixel is not really meant to be a device for the
masses to buy; its specs, its price and its usability aren't really the goals.
It is, by Google's own admission, a device meant to test and demonstrate
improvements that could eventually find their way into cheaper Chromebooks --
whether those are outward-facing hardware improvements like better trackpads or
power efficiencies that lead to longer battery life.

In the case of the second-generation Pixel, the big, flashy proof-of-concept
feature is its all-in-one connection port, known as USB Type-C (try typing that
without a caps lock key).

The new connection replaces not only older USB ports, but also the power input
and display-out ports commonly found on laptops. It can charge, transfer data
and power an external display, all in one.

The USB Type-C port had a bit of a coming-out party this week, since it's also
featured on the new MacBook that Apple announced -- a machine so tiny it has
room for only one port and a headphone jack.

Unlike Apple, Google put two USB Type-C ports on the Pixel, one on either side.
That lets you charge the device from either side, which is nice when you're
traveling and don't know where the power outlet will be. But it also lets you
attach external devices and charge at the same time.

The new connection standard is interesting all on its own. Google says it
supports fast charging, so the Pixel can gain two hours of juice from being
plugged in for just 15 minutes. USB Type-C plugs are reversible, so you can't
insert them the wrong way, which means they last longer than previous
connectors, which tend to get damaged from repeatedly being shoved in the wrong
way. And the new USB connector has higher power capacity than
previous-generation USB connectors, so it can be used to charge devices big and
small.

That means that if, as Apple, Google and many other companies are hoping, USB
Type-C eventually becomes standard across the industry, you could use the same
charger to power any phone, any tablet and even any laptop. That would be a huge
improvement. While most non-Apple phones use standard micro-USB cables to
charge, laptop chargers come in every shape, size and expensive-to-replace
variation.

So at the end of the day, Google doesn't really care if you buy a Pixel. (Let's
be honest, it's doing fine without a marginal number of laptop sales thrown on
the pile.) A few die-hard Chrome fans will get it, and it will be a great
executive giveaway.

If you are looking for a minimalist laptop that requires an odd little
collection of adapters and dongles, the new MacBook is a heck of a lot lighter
and, hey, it comes in gold.

But as a technology platform and a demonstration of tech we might all be using
in the somewhat near future, the Pixel impresses. Now, where did I put that
chamois?




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/12/technology/personaltech/review-google
-chromebook-pixel.html

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The second-generation Chromebook Pixel feels solid -- at a
beefy 3.3 pounds. It has a touch screen, and starts at $1,000 for the base
model.
 The aluminum-clad Pixel, above, uses a new USB Type-C port, which can charge,
transfer data and power an external display.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              153 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Afternoon Voice (India)

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Tech Review: Google Pixel XL

LENGTH: 880 words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 27 -- 16

SHARES

ShareTweet

When Google launched artificial intelligence (AI)-powered premium devices Pixel
and Pixel XL earlier this month, the message was clear: The device with the
personal Google Assistant built right in sounded the threat bugle for Apple
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

The comparison is natural, especially in the absence of another flagship device,
the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which leaves Google and Apple fighting for the
premium segment.

Google has been synonymous with innovation. This time, with a brand new Android
OS Nougat and Google Assistant, Pixel devices are set to counter Apple's iOS 10
and intelligent assistant Siri.

Let us see what the 5.5-inch Pixel XL (32GB, black colour) has for Indian
consumers who are searching for a premium smartphone.

The aluminum and glass-built device looks elegant and fits comfortably in the
palm. Unlike Nexus 6P, which had a thin glass strip at the top, Pixel XL's back
panel has almost one-third glass covering.

Putting an end to Android users' long wait, the Google Assistant in Pixel XL
definitely has an edge over Apple's Siri. See for yourself.

When asked "are you a man or a woman?", Google Assistant responded with answers
like "I'm all-inclusive :D" and "Does it really matter?" while Siri staidly
replied: "I was not assigned a gender."

To "Who will win the US presidential election?" Google Assistant displayed poll
results by the New York Times, The Telegraph and Independent while Siri returned
Wikipedia and Quora with an iOS 10-powered iPhone.

While searching restaurants near our office, Google Assistant displayed food
joints as close as 300 metres while Siri said that the nearest restaurant is 600
metres away.

To further test its intelligence, Google Assistant was asked, "Who is Siri?" It
explained, "Siri is Apple's intelligent assistant. She is very witty."

Siri, however, was more informative than Google Assistant when asked "Who is the
Prime Minister of India?". While Siri threw up results like when Narendra Modi
became the Prime Minister and how long has he been serving, Google Assistant
came back only with his name.

Google Assistant can tell jokes, remember your passwords and even set the alarm
for you in a clear voice.

The "Pixel Imprint" fingerprint scanner is located at the back and is extremely
responsive. It not only unlocked the device in a split second but also accepted
(authorised) half a fingerprint for unlocking.

While lock and volume up/down buttons are on the right of the Corning Gorilla
Glass 4 protected AMOLED display, a nano-SIM slot sits at the left bumper of the
device.

Google has retained Type-C charging port that charged the 3,450 mAh battery in a
flat 48 minutes.

The device with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 821 Quad core processor and 4GB
DDR4 RAM will get first updates and free unlimited cloud space is not to be
missed.

Google has put in a lot of accessories inside the box, including a two-way
Type-C port cable ensuring OTG device (also included) support. With this cable,
one can charge Pixel XL with another phone having a Type-C port.

The smartphone runs like a charm on Android Nougat 7.1 - the only device till
date to have it. The apps explorer icon is replaced by a pull-up App Drawer
which is more convenient.

A swipe right on the screen brings the notable search results in line with
browsing history. When we swiped right, information about the FC Barcelona vs
Manchester City football match; updates about the Indian Soccer League
tournament; and scores for the India vs New Zealand One-Day cricket match popped
up.

Pixel's 12.3MP rear camera with f/2.0 has been rated the highest ever 89 DxOMark
Mobile score. It is very fast, responsive and has a video stabilising mode. As
expected, the photos in broad daylight were stunning. Even in "very low light
conditions", the camera did not disappoint.

Under natural light at 7 pm, the photos clicked without flash had clarity and
little grains while the photo taken with flash were sharper.

As compared to shooting video in normal mode, we noticed a remarkable difference
when we shot the same video with "Video Stabilisation" on. There were low or no
jerks and no picture distortion.

The 8MP camera works fine and while using it with Google's video calling app
Duo, the receiver gets a sharper image (as compared to the Nexus 6P).

One can even try new gestures, relish the audio output and save unlimited data
online in original quality for free.

What doesn't work?

Pixel devices are not waterproof. At a time when Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (and the
now discontinued Galaxy Note 7) and Apple are offering IP68 rating (waterproof
ratings), Pixel smartphones fall behind in this category.

The camera does not have an optical image stabilisation feature and the Type-C
to Type-C charging is slow.

Conclusion: If you think about shelling out Rs 72,000 for the 32GB variant of
iPhone 7 Plus, consider Google Pixel XL for Rs 67,000 as your date with Google
Assistant will floor you without any doubt.

Shares

Share on Facebook

Share on Twitter

16

SHARES

ShareTweet

READ ZTE to announce a new phone in the nubia line on 17 October

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Afternoon Voice. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 afternoonvoice.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Samsung trouble opens door for Google's new Pixel phone

BYLINE: George Avalos, The Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 313 words


The Samsung phone debacle has opened the door - just a crack - for Google to
make headway with its fledgling smartphone offering, Pixel, analysts said
recently.

South Korea-based Samsung permanently halted production on the Galaxy Note 7
smartphone after reports of the phone overheating and, in some cases, catching
fire.

"It's a huge opportunity for the Google Pixel," said Rob Enderle, an
Oregon-based analyst who tracks the tech sector. "The Pixel is the best phone to
take advantage of this problem. But its carrier limitations are going to offset
what would otherwise be an incredibly well-timed opportunity."

Google faces plenty of challenges even as the tech behemoth manoeuvres to
capitalize on Samsung's woes.

"Google can use Samsung's problems to their advantage, but they have a really
big upward climb," said Ben Bajarin, a principal analyst with Campbell-based
Creative Strategies.

For one thing, the Pixel phone is available only for the Verizon platform and
isn't being offered for other big carriers such as Sprint, AT&T and T-Mobile.

"Google is just starting out, and consumers still need to learn what the Pixel
phone is," Bajarin said. "Samsung's problems will benefit the established brands
such as Apple, LG and HTC. Established brands are very powerful things."

Mountain View, Calif.-based Google, nevertheless, has the potential to cast a
mammoth shadow over Samsung as it scrambles to reverse its misfortunes with the
Galaxy Note 7.

"Samsung has created a market for a phone like this, but doesn't have a phone
for this market," Enderle said. "Google Pixel can slide right into that spot.
But the Pixel just won't be able to take over a lot of shelf space because it's
only available on one carrier."

Apple is certain to be the top vendor for smartphones during the final three
months of 2016, Bajarin said. That stretch that covers the vital holiday
shopping season.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

Next OnePlus phone to be as fast as Google Pixel

LENGTH: 249  words


Will the next OnePlus be able to stand up to the likes of the Google Pixel?

OnePlus next phone, rumored to be titled the OnePlus 3T, is set to feature
Qualcomm's cutting edge Snapdragon 821 chipset, which means we might be looking
at a pretty powerful phone.

The OnePlus 3T, which is rumored to be revealed on November 14 will be standing
up against the likes of the Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL and Asus ZenFone 3
Deluxe, all of which come with the new Snapdragon processor. The new processor,
the Snapdragon 821, is said to be roughly twice as efficient and capable than
the Snapdragon 810.

The new chipset could also bring to the picture support for virtual reality and
Google Daydream, if it comes stocked with Android Nougat. The current list of
devices that support Google Daydream include the Google Pixel and Pixel XL only,
so if the OnePlus 3T supports it, it could be the biggest selling point.

Something new from @OnePlus is on the way...and it's powered by our #Snapdragon
821 processor. Stay tuned. pic.twitter.com/3jOyZFRQ5t

-- Qualcomm (@Qualcomm) November 7, 2016

OnePlus CEO Carl Pei has teased that the upcoming device will feature the
beloved AMOLED display, and also keep the headphone jack that was omitted from
the likes of the iPhone 7 and Moto Z. OnePlus is known for being affordable, so
if it can pack in all of these features and still keep the price low, other
phone companies might have something to be worried about.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/20/147861481576.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               24 Hours Vancouver

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Next hot smartphone?; 4 Things you need to know about Google's Pixel

BYLINE: Sean Fitzgerald, 24 Hours Vancouver

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 372  words


"OK Google. Tell me about your new device."

In an announcement widely expected by the technology community, Google revealed
its new smartphone on Tuesday, introducing Pixel, the 'first phone designed by
Google inside and out.'

Aside from Pixel, the announcementalso included news about Google's VR platform,
Daydream, plus updated TV streaming device Chromecast Ultra (alongwith Google
Home and Google Wifi, products that aren't yet available in Canada). The phone,
which is already availablefor pre-sale, comes in two sizes (5" and 5.5" display)
and two colours with quirky names (Quite Black and Very Silver). The 5" retails
for $899 for the 32GB edition and $1029 for the 128GB version, while the 5.5" is
priced at $1049 for the 32GB model and $1179 for the 128GB behemoth.

In a commercial that debuted during Google's keynote on Tuesday, the company
also took a subtle swipe at Apple, highlighting the fact that Pixel comes with a
3.5 mm headphone jack - something that Apple has eliminated with the iPhone 7,
to the dismay of some music-loving mobile users.

Here are some other things we discovered about Pixel:

1It has Google Assistant built in Google CEO Sundar Pichai mentioned that he
wanted to "build a personal Google for each and every user," and the Siri-like
Google Assistant helps them achieve that. Saying 'OK Google' or holding down the
Home button will awaken your own personal assistant, which can give you
directions to the movies, text your girlfriend or fire up the latest Lumineers
video.

2It boasts a pretty high-end camera Google is really proud of the camera on this
one. The 12.3 megapixel rear-facing camera will reportedly help users capture
great images at low light, and the Smartburst mode will automatically select the
best picture from a rapid-fire sequence of shots.

3It gives you access to unlimited storage The tech company is offering Pixel
owners unlimited storage for their full-resolution pictures and videos in Google
Photos, so you won't be seeing any 'storage full' notifications any time soon.

4It contains a powerful battery According to Google, the Pixel's battery lasts
all day and will charge fast, so you'll be able to get up to seven hours of
battery life from just 15 minutes of charging.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 24 Hours Vancouver
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

The Pixel: a very Google phone

LENGTH: 823  words

DATELINE: Bengaluru


Bengaluru, Oct. 20 -- I have seen prettier phones. I have seen more affordable
phones. But never have I seen a smartphone that is so very Google.
 From the front, the Pixel looks like any phone, which in turn looks like the
iPhone because everyone has copied heavily from Apple's design. From the back,
the Pixel looks like no other. The top one-third is made of a glossy material
with the camera on top and fingerprint sensor in the middle, and the other
two-third is a smooth brushed metal look with a proud G in the centre. As you
boot up the phone, the first thing you see is the Google logo and that should
tell you that this device is really a home for Google's services.


 I like to capture those first impressions, before I lose myself in all sorts of
features and specifications. Each phone has a personality - and sometimes phones
have a distinct lack of it. The Pixel (I had the 5.5-inch Pixel XL for review)
has an all encompassing clean feel about it. Just like the Google search page.
The whole busy feel of phones made by others is mercifully missing, leaving it
much more of a blank canvas. Right from the start, you have the option of
increasing the text size or even using voice feedback in case your eyesight is
not up to the mark. And since mine is not, I appreciated this very thoughtful
touch. I am very conflicted about the physical design of the Pixel, but the
squeaky clean feel on the inside is something I immediately loved. The look and
feel is thanks to the Pixel launcher, which by the way, you can pick up from the
Play Store for whichever Android phone you have. Of course, that will not get
you the famous Google Assistant...
 Long-pressing the virtual Home button on the Pixel will pop up Google
Assistant, ready to listen and asking how she can help you. I am afraid I
quickly got rid of the Indian English voice and used the United States one
because I have never reconciled myself to the former's accent. It is the
assistant who is the heart of this device and who outdoes Siri with her
promptness and artificial intelligence. She can understand context much better
and even though she is nowhere near perfect and can be quickly tripped up, she
is easy to relate to and very useful. We just had a long chat about chamomile
tea.
 If we had not already done so, I would have said you wave your privacy goodbye
with the Pixel. Google will now know I like chamomile tea and it will not be
surprising if I see ads for it somewhere. This privacy and usefulness trade-off
is just probably too late to reverse in our technology driven world. There are
many who will opt to stop worrying about it and give in to whatever services are
being offered. I am probably one of them.
 The Pixel's 12.3MP f2.0 camera became a talking point well before the device
was out in the wild. Camera experts DXoMark rated it as the best smartphone
camera leading to much skepticism given the iPhone 7 Plus and Galaxy S7 cameras
a competition. But taking photos with it, and speaking at a surface and casual
level, this camera definitely has something. First of all, it shoots fast. The
burst mode, if you long press on the trigger, sounds like a cat purring, it is
that fast and that smooth. Casual comparison it with the S7, iPhone 7 Plus and
OnePlus 3, I found the Pixel's images brighter and more vivid.
 Shaky hands in very low light will still get you a blurry photo but for the
most part images are pleasing - so it depends on what you want. The iPhone
tended to have a slight pink tinge or warmer tones in some light conditions but
it and the S7 and Pixel did well with the shallow depth of field effect. We
constantly bemoan low light and that is where the Pixel is the one that shines.
Using bigger pixels, as it were, the camera on the Pixel fills an image with
light without introducing noise. Shooting indoors with this phone will not go
wrong too often. There are a lot of other tricks with the camera that are most
enjoyable. The camera is not perfect though and there is much annoyance over the
absence of optical image stabilisation without which this phone seems to be
doing pretty well.
 Purely as a phone, there are many more pluses and minuses to be considered.
There is no dual SIM version; no FM radio; no fabulous design. But there is
Google's own virtual reality readiness, Android 7.1, a 3,450mAh battery that
lasts fine through the day and a buttery smooth experience. The biggest minus of
all, however, is the price of the phone, starting at [#x20b9]57,000 for the
Pixel and going up to [#x20b9]76,000 for the Pixel XL. So far it is just the
iPhone that is 'allowed' to touch these price levels in India. Even if we are
talking about Google, pricing a device that high unexpectedly is unlikely to be
to the new phone's advantage.
 Price: [#x20b9]57,000 for Pixel and [#x20b9]76,000 for Pixel XL
 Love: The vivid low light camera, prompt helpful chatty assistant, fast clean
performance, no clutter
 Hate: The prohibitive price tag, odd design

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                               Statewide Edition

Technology

BYLINE: BRANDON BAILEY

SECTION: BUSINESS; A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 648  words



HIGHLIGHT: MEMBERS of the media examine Google's Pixel phone as the company
introduced Google hardware products in San Francisco on Tuesday.Ramin Talaie |
getty images


SAN FRANCISCO - Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics
giants like Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones
called Pixel and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company
calls "Google Assistant."

The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own
hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At
a starting price of roughly $650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same
markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones.

During a press event Tuesday, Google executives showed off a series of gadgets
in rapid succession. The company's new Home device is a sleek internet-connected
speaker that's designed to respond to voice commands, like Amazon's popular
Echo. A new virtual reality headset called Daydream View will work with the new
Pixel phones and other Android devices. Also unveiled were a new Wi-Fi router
and an update to the company's Chromecast streaming media device.

In announcing the new Pixel phones, Google executives touted features like a
powerful camera, a long-lasting battery - and a dedicated headphone jack, which
Apple recently eliminated from its latest iPhones. The Pixel phones will be sold
in two screen sizes - 5 inches and 5.5 inches - and three colors: black, silver
and blue.

But they're clearly hoping that the new Pixel phones will be distinguished by
their use of Google's software. A central element of all the new devices is the
Google Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to deliver what CEO Sundar
Pichai described as "a personal Google for each and every user."

Google, which is best known for its widely used internet search engine, makes
most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it's putting more
emphasis on hardware as it competes for consumers' attention with other leading
tech firms.

New devices could help Google keep its services front and center in the battle
for consumers' attention, said analyst Julie Ask at Forrester Research. Unlike a
new mobile app or other software, she noted, it can be an expensive gamble to
build and ship new hardware products. "But if you're Google, you can't afford to
stop placing bets."

Google has sold smartphones and tablets under the Nexus brand, which it launched
in 2010 as a way to show off the best features of its Android software. But it
put relatively little effort into promoting those devices, which have mostly
ended up in the hands of Google purists.

Android already powers the majority of smartphones sold around the world. But
Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones, has increasingly been adding more
of its own software - even its own Samsung Pay mobile wallet - on the phones it
sells. Another big rival, Apple, has built its own services, such as online maps
and its own Siri personal assistant, to replace Google's apps on the iPhone.

Google will sell its Pixel phones online, through retail chains like Best Buy
and various wireless carriers around the world, although the company said it has
an exclusive deal with Verizon in the United States.

Like the Pixel phones, the "Home" device uses Google's digital "Assistant"
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks. "Assistant" is the company's answer to
similar concierge services from rivals, including Siri, Amazon's Alexa and
Microsoft's Cortana.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly $130 online and at electronics
retailers starting next month.

Leading tech companies are all competing to assist consumers in their online
activities, from search and navigation to shopping. That gives the companies a
better chance of selling advertising or other services.

Home-based systems like the Echo are taking on more importance as voice
technology has improved, said Forrester's Ask.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Meet Google's new Pixel smartphones

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 998 words


Kiwis might have a long wait to get their hands on the company's two new premium
smartphones.

--------------------

Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors.

The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like digital Assistant and
include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday.

The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, and Germany
this month.

DVR headset

Google's own virtual-reality headset is called Daydream View. It will differ
from other headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion
controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new
Pixel phones.

Daydream is a challenge to more sophisticated systems from Facebook's Oculus
business, HTC and Sony - as well as to Google's own Cardboard effort. Cardboard
is cheap - available for as little as US$15 - but it doesn't offer much control
over VR environments beyond pushing a button on the headset as you move your
head.

The new wireless motion controller for Daydream can function like a fishing rod,
a steering wheel or a pointer to permit more sophisticated VR experiences.

Although Google will make its own Daydream headset, it plans to share design
guidelines with other manufacturers.

Google says 50 partners are bringing apps and games to Daydream, with more on
the way. Google services such as photos, YouTube and Street View maps will also
come to Daydream.

Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for US$79 (NZ$110).

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco.

Picture: REUTERS

Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for US$79.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                24 Hours Toronto

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Next hot smartphone?; 4 Things you need to know about Google's Pixel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 374  words


"OK Google. Tell me about your new device."

In an announcement widely expected by the technology community, Google revealed
its new smartphone on Tuesday, introducing Pixel, the 'first phone designed by
Google inside and out.'

Aside from Pixel, the announcementalso included news about Google's VR platform,
Daydream, plus updated TV streaming device Chromecast Ultra (alongwith Google
Home and Google Wifi, products that aren't yet available in Canada). The phone,
which is already available for pre-sale, comes in two sizes (5" and 5.5"
display) and two colours with quirky names (Quite Black and Very Silver). The 5"
retails for $899 for the 32GB edition and $1029 for the 128GB version, while the
5.5" is priced at $1049 for the 32GB model and $1179 for the 128GB behemoth.

In a commercial that debuted during Google's keynote on Tuesday, the company
also took a subtle swipe at Apple, highlighting the fact that Pixel comes with a
3.5 mm headphone jack - something that Apple has eliminated with the iPhone 7,
to the dismay of some music-loving mobile users.

Here are some other things we discovered about Pixel:

1 It has Google Assistant built in Google CEO Sundar Pichai mentioned that he
wanted to "build a personal Google for each and every user," and the Siri-like
Google Assistant helps them achieve that. Saying 'OK Google' or holding down the
Home button will awaken your own personal assistant, which can give you
directions to the movies, text your girlfriend or fire up the latest Lumineers
video.

2It boasts a pretty high-end camera Google is really proud of the camera on this
one. The 12.3 megapixel rear-facing camera will reportedly help users capture
great images at low light, and the Smartburst mode will automatically select the
best picture from a rapid-fire sequence of shots.

3It gives you access to unlimited storage The tech company is offering Pixel
owners unlimited storage for their full-resolution pictures and videos in Google
Photos, so you won't be seeing any 'storage full' notifications any time soon.

4It contains a powerful battery According to Google, the Pixel's battery lasts
all day and will charge fast, so you'll be able to get up to seven hours of
battery life from just 15 minutes of charging.

spilleddata

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 24 Hours Toronto
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday
                               Bangalore Edition

Coming Soon: Google's Great India Phone Play

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 564 words


Google is entering a space it has never been to before -the Indian mobile phone
retail store.

The company will directly sell its new Pixel smartphones to consumers through at
least seven prominent large-format retail stores in India, besides multi-brand
stores, and promote the flagship device just as much as top brands Apple and
Samsung.

And it's entering with a bang. Analysts expect Google to start with about 1 lakh
devices -more than ever before -to make a dent in India's premium smartphone
segment, which is dominated by Samsung and Apple. Until now, manufacturers of
Google phones such as Nexus were responsible for marketing, which has been
extremely low key and limited.

Google is raising the stakes in the

premium segment -' . 30,000-plus -right after Samsung's huge setback with the
Galaxy Note 7 debacle. Still, the search giant faces a huge challenge as Apple
has already shipped in about 2 lakh units of its iPhone 7 ahead of Diwali.
Samsung is redirecting its marketing budget to promote the S7 and S7 Edge.
Bookings for the

two Pixel models opened on October 13 through Flipkart and offline retailers.
Google's marketing play is expected to escalate next week -before Diwali
-although the launch date isn't known. Google is holding a media event on
October 25. The 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL went on sale in the US a
couple of

days ago. \x93It's a shift of strategy (for Google), as it follows the
make-yourown-phone plans, but it's also required,\x93 said Santosh Desai,
managing director of Future Brands. \x93Google is going up against formidable
brands, so it can't go half-way on end-consumer communication...the Samsung
(incident) opens up the opportunity for Google vs Apple, so all the more reason
for them to go full throttle.\x93

Google is aware of the task at hand and plans to respond accordingly.

\x93We will run a 360 degree above-theline campaign with TV , cinema,
out-of-home in top seven metro cities, print and digital, to build the
brand,\x93 a Google spokesperson said, indicating the heavy spending planned for
spreading the word on the Pixel smartphones. The base model for Pixel costs '.
57,000.

Print advertisements will run for the next three to four months, while
television ad spots will target Hindi and English entertainment channels.Google
will also use YouTube and its other digital platforms to promote the devices.

Google will showcase the Pixel and

Pixel XL in key stores of large-format retail chains including Croma, Reliance
Digital, Spice Mobility and Jumbo. Tie-ups with other chains, including the
Mobile Store, are in the works, sources said.

\x93Displays for Pixel will be set up in top 50 stores of the total 300 that we
have. They will carry the Google branding, something that a consum

er would have not seen before,\x93 the CEO of a retail chain said, asking not to
be identified.

A full-fledged strategy is necessary, especially in the premium segment, to
convince users that Google can compete, said Jaipal Singh, a senior analyst at
IDC India.

It has failed in the past, a case in point being the Nexus 5X and 6P

launched last year, which sold a combined less than a lakh units from October
last year to date.

Comparatively, an average of about 600,000 premium units are sold in the country
each month.

Apple is spending about ' . 100 crore on marketing and advertising in India
during the festive period, ET reported previously.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       October 3, 2016 Monday 2:27 PM GMT

What time does the Google event start on October 4?;
Google Pixel release start time, cost and more

BYLINE: By Matthew Cooper

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 316 words


As the 'season to be jolly' approaches so does the season to buy all the new
tech stuff.

The iPhone 7 is already here and this week Google are launching their new device
into the world.

The official announcement is set for tomorrow but thanks to some leaks from
Carphone Warehouse, we already know a fair few details about the new phone.

The Pixel phone event is on October 4. It will take place in San Francisco and
starts at 9am Pacific Standard Time which is 5pm UK time.

The tech powerhouse's newest phone models are called the Pixel and the Pixel XL.

iPhone 7 review

Well if the Carphone Warehouse leak is to be believed the Pixel has a five-inch
screen while the larger Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch display.

The OS the phone runs will have a new AI assistant called Allo.

Owners of the Pixel will also have free unlimited storage on Google Photos.

Engadget reports that the phone will have rapid charging through its USB-C port.

The Verge lists the phone as having either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage.
There are rumours the phone will come in black, white, silver and electric blue.

Well, obviously Google is the biggest search engine in the world. But beyond
that they are the company behind Chromebook computers, the current Nexus phones,
the Chrome browser and much more.

According to Android Police, the normal model will cost $649 (£498) for the
smaller 32GB device with prices getting gradually higher from there. So it's
certainly not a cheap option.

At this rate Google could just be telling us things we already know so hopefully
the Pixel and the Pixel XL will have a super cool USP that hasn't trickled out
onto the internet yet.

A new Chromecast and a new router are expected to be unveiled as well as
announcing the release date for AI-powered speaker Google Home. Google Home is
effectively a rival to Amazon's popular Echo speaker.

Free PlayStation Plus games for October on PS4, PS3 and Vita

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

Google's Pixel off the mark

BYLINE: by ANICK JESDANUN

LENGTH: 380 words


SIEM REAP, Cambodia - Google's first high-end laptop, the Chromebook Pixel, is
an impressive machine. It feels light and comfortable in my hands and on my lap.
Its high-resolution display makes photos look sharp and video come to life. From
a hardware standpoint, it's everything I'd want a laptop to be.

But the Pixel isn't very practical - at least not yet - for most people. It
works well when you have a steady Internet connection, but can't do much once
you lose that connection. And because it uses Google's own operating system, it
doesn't run enough software yet to replace your other machines.

I brought the Pixel along for a nearly three-week trip to Thailand and Cambodia.
I was surprised by how much I could do, but quickly got frustrated when I
couldn't do more.

Such frustration doesn't come cheap. Prices for the Pixel start at $1,299, just
$200 less than a MacBook with a comparable screen and the ability to do much
more offline. A higher-end Pixel with cellular access costs $150 more than the
basic model and is scheduled to start shipping Monday.

For those unfamiliar with Google's entry into the laptop marketthe Pixel and
other Chromebooks run a Google operating system called Chrome OS. Based on the
Chrome Web browser available for Windows and Mac computers, Chrome OS
underscores Google's vision of letting the Internet do all the heavy lifting
instead of your computer.

There's not a lot of storage on the machine either. The idea is to keep as much
as you can online, through a storage service such as Google Drive or Dropbox.

Think of the Chromebook as a gateway to the Internet.

You can download apps from Google and others to run on the Chromebook, but many
of those apps do little more than access a website on your Chrome browser when
you're online.

The basic Pixel model comes with 32 gigabytes of storage and has a slot for
external storage, such as a camera's SD card.

Each machine has a three-year subscription for 1 terabyte of online storage
through Google Drive.

It's normally $50 a month. Google offers a $1,449 model that has double the
internal storage, at 64 GB, and 100 megabytes a month of LTE cellular data
access through Verizon Wireless for two years.

Anick Jesdanun is deputy technology editor for The Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

Google's Pixel off the mark

BYLINE: by ANICK JESDANUN

LENGTH: 380 words


SIEM REAP, Cambodia - Google's first high-end laptop, the Chromebook Pixel, is
an impressive machine. It feels light and comfortable in my hands and on my lap.
Its high-resolution display makes photos look sharp and video come to life. From
a hardware standpoint, it's everything I'd want a laptop to be.

But the Pixel isn't very practical - at least not yet - for most people. It
works well when you have a steady Internet connection, but can't do much once
you lose that connection. And because it uses Google's own operating system, it
doesn't run enough software yet to replace your other machines.

I brought the Pixel along for a nearly three-week trip to Thailand and Cambodia.
I was surprised by how much I could do, but quickly got frustrated when I
couldn't do more.

Such frustration doesn't come cheap. Prices for the Pixel start at $1,299, just
$200 less than a MacBook with a comparable screen and the ability to do much
more offline. A higher-end Pixel with cellular access costs $150 more than the
basic model and is scheduled to start shipping Monday.

For those unfamiliar with Google's entry into the laptop marketthe Pixel and
other Chromebooks run a Google operating system called Chrome OS. Based on the
Chrome Web browser available for Windows and Mac computers, Chrome OS
underscores Google's vision of letting the Internet do all the heavy lifting
instead of your computer.

There's not a lot of storage on the machine either. The idea is to keep as much
as you can online, through a storage service such as Google Drive or Dropbox.

Think of the Chromebook as a gateway to the Internet.

You can download apps from Google and others to run on the Chromebook, but many
of those apps do little more than access a website on your Chrome browser when
you're online.

The basic Pixel model comes with 32 gigabytes of storage and has a slot for
external storage, such as a camera's SD card.

Each machine has a three-year subscription for 1 terabyte of online storage
through Google Drive.

It's normally $50 a month. Google offers a $1,449 model that has double the
internal storage, at 64 GB, and 100 megabytes a month of LTE cellular data
access through Verizon Wireless for two years.

Anick Jesdanun is deputy technology editor for The Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

Google adds touch screen to laptop in bid to answer rivals

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 288 words


SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Google is adding a new and more expensive touch to its
line of Chrome laptops in an attempt to outshine personal computers running on
software made by rivals Microsoft and Apple.

The Chromebook Pixel unveiled Thursday includes a nearly 13-inch display screen
that responds to the touch or swipe of a finger. That duplicates a key feature
in Microsoft Corp.'s Windows 8, a dramatic makeover of the world's leading
operating system for PCs.

The Pixel's high-resolution screen displays 239 pixels per inch, slightly more
than Apple Inc.'s MacBooks with high-resolution Retina displays. A MacBook Pro
with a screen that measures 13.1 inches diagonally can handle 227 pixels per
inch, while the 15.4-inch model is at 220 pixels per inch.

"This is the future: high-resolution screens and touch," said Sundar Pichai, a
senior vice president who oversees Google's Chrome Web browser and operating
system.

Google Inc. designed and built the Pixel for "power users" -- a fastidious and
generally more affluent segment of the PC market willing to pay more for
machines equipped with compelling features and components not found in cheaper
laptops.

The strategy is a departure for Google, which had positioned Chromebooks based
on its Chrome operating system as affordable options for homes and offices
looking for a quick and easy way to connect to the Web.

The Pixel, which Google is building without a partner, will cost $1,299 for a
Wi-Fi only model with 32 gigabytes of flash storage. A 64-gigabyte machine that
can connect on both Wi-Fi and a 4G LTE cellular network will cost $1,499. That's
the same price as the cheapest MacBook Pro with a comparable screen, though the
Apple laptop comes with 128 gigabytes of storage.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Google Chromebook Pixel laptop computer boasts a nearly 13-inch,
high-resolution display screen that responds to the touch or swipe of a finger.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       October 3, 2016 Monday 2:27 PM GMT

What time does the Google live stream event start on October 4?;
Google Pixel live stream event, UK start time, cost and more

BYLINE: By Matthew Cooper

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 316 words


As the 'season to be jolly' approaches so does the season to buy all the new
tech stuff.

The iPhone 7 is already here and this week Google are launching their new device
into the world.

The official announcement is set for tomorrow but thanks to some leaks from
Carphone Warehouse, we already know a fair few details about the new phone.

The Pixel phone event is on October 4. It will take place in San Francisco and
starts at 9am Pacific Standard Time which is 5pm UK time.

The tech powerhouse's newest phone models are called the Pixel and the Pixel XL.

iPhone 7 review

Well if the Carphone Warehouse leak is to be believed the Pixel has a five-inch
screen while the larger Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch display.

The OS the phone runs will have a new AI assistant called Allo.

Owners of the Pixel will also have free unlimited storage on Google Photos.

Engadget reports that the phone will have rapid charging through its USB-C port.

The Verge lists the phone as having either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage.
There are rumours the phone will come in black, white, silver and electric blue.

Well, obviously Google is the biggest search engine in the world. But beyond
that they are the company behind Chromebook computers, the current Nexus phones,
the Chrome browser and much more.

According to Android Police, the normal model will cost $649 (£498) for the
smaller 32GB device with prices getting gradually higher from there. So it's
certainly not a cheap option.

At this rate Google could just be telling us things we already know so hopefully
the Pixel and the Pixel XL will have a super cool USP that hasn't trickled out
onto the internet yet.

A new Chromecast and a new router are expected to be unveiled as well as
announcing the release date for AI-powered speaker Google Home. Google Home is
effectively a rival to Amazon's popular Echo speaker.

Free PlayStation Plus games for October on PS4, PS3 and Vita

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 24, 2013 Sunday

Chromebook Pixel: Pretty, pricey, limited

BYLINE: San Jose Mercury News

LENGTH: 458 words


Intended as a flagship for its Chrome operating system, Google's new Chromebook
Pixel feels too much like overkill.

Chrome OS was conceived of as a simple and inexpensive computing platform. The
software is built around a Web browser and cloud-based applications; everything
you do on a Chrome device is done through a browser window.

Previous Chromebooks were basic and inexpensive. They generally lacked the
latest processors and didn't come with any high-end features.

By contrast, offering premium features is the Pixel's reason for being. Google
representatives said the Pixel is their attempt to create a Chromebook that the
boss would be proud to take home.

In terms of design, the Google folks have achieved their goal. The Pixel is
thinner and lighter than Apple's comparable MacBook Pro, but feels just as
sturdy. Like the Apple laptops, the Pixel's case is made from aluminum, not from
the plastic found on the less-expensive Chromebooks. The Pixel has sharper edges
and is much more rectangular than the MacBook Pros, which gives it a sleek,
modern look.

The Pixel takes another page from Apple by including a high-resolution screen
similar to Apple's "Retina" display. In fact, the Pixel's screen is even higher
resolution than those in Apple's new MacBook Pros. It's beautiful and bright,
making text and pictures super-sharp.

But Google has looked beyond Apple for inspiration. The Pixel features a touch
screen like those found in many of the latest Windows laptops. And it includes a
powerful Intel Core i5 processor, standard fare on Apple and Windows-based
notebooks, but unique for a Chromebook.

The processor makes a difference. The Pixel is snappy and responsive, instantly
resuming from sleep and quickly switching among tabbed Web pages.

All models of the Pixel come with 1 terabyte of space on the Google Drive cloud
storage service for free for three years. That's a bargain, because Google
typically charges $50 a month for that much space.

Despite its bells and whistles, the Pixel is still a Chromebook and suffers the
same limitations.

Because Chrome is designed to run Web-based apps, the operating system lacks
many popular PC applications. No Skype, Photoshop or many high-end video games.
And if you need to use special software for work or to connect to a device in
your house, you can almost be certain that software won't be available for
Chrome.

That lack of applications means you simply can't do as much with a Chromebook as
you can with a Mac or Windows PC. If you're spending only $250 for a basic
Chromebook, that shortcoming is acceptable. But it's not when you're spending
$1,300, which is the starting price of the Pixel.

For that money, you can get a very nice Windows machine or Apple's MacBook Air.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 10, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Google's Pixel C: Great hardware, lesser software;
Tablet isn't for everyone, but it has pluses

BYLINE: Ed Baig, ebaig@usatoday.com, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 461 words


As the very first Android tablet made and designed from scratch by Google, the
Pixel C is an impressive piece of hardware. The software is another story.

This machine is crafted of solid anodized aluminum with no visible screws, in
the mold of Google's premium Chromebook Pixel laptop. The bright, 10.2-inch
display on the new tablet is gorgeous, the internal components powerful.

And then there's what I consider to be the standout feature: a near full-size
QWERTY-style physical keyboard that transforms Pixel C into a slate off which
you can get some meaningful work done. It's the finest implementation I've seen
yet of combining a physical keyboard on a convertible tablet.

All that said, however, there are questions about whether Pixel C is the right
purchase for you. I'm still not sold on Android as the best operating system for
a tablet, even with the latest version of Marshmallow.  Productivity tablet apps
for Android are lacking, and there's no split-screen multitasking option. I
encountered Wi-Fi connectivity snags.

The cost is $499 for a model with 32 gigabytes of storage, or $599 for a 64GB
version. But you'll almost certainly want to budget an extra $149 for the
aforementioned physical Pixel C keyboard. Granted, Microsoft Surface tablets,
which also rely on accessory keyboards, aren't exactly inexpensive either, and
the same can be said for the larger display iPad Pro.

The physical Bluetooth keyboard on Pixel C, which I used in part to write this
column, is as good as it gets on a tablet.

The magnetic attachment is remarkably sturdy. I was able to hold Pixel C by the
tablet or by the display without worrying the other part would fall off, even
when I held it upside down or shook it up a little. And Google managed to fit
the QWERTY keyboard with minimal compromises. Typing didn't feel cramped.

The keyboard has a small battery that is automatically inductively charged when
the keyboard and tablet are closed and snapped together. As for the tablet
itself, Google says you can get more than 10 hours off the battery -- I didn't
do a formal test.

Not everything went smoothly. I had intermittent problems connecting to Wi-Fi,
though other devices in the room seemed to connect to the same network just
fine.

Google's tablet has an 8-megapixel rear camera and 2-megapixel front camera.

Pixel C isn't a tablet for everyone. But Google has come up with a hardware
slate that certainly demands high praise. The software, not so much.

Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on
Twitter

THE BOTTOM LINE

GOOGLE PIXEL C

www.google.com

$499 or $599, keyboard is $149

Pro. Beautiful display, impressive hardware, keyboard accessory.

Con. Keyboard is an option. Some Wi-Fi snags. Android software still isn't great
for tablets

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Google

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            February 22, 2013 Friday
                                 ENTERTAINMENT

Google+ trends: Chromebook Pixel draws Macbook comparison

SECTION: INTERNET

LENGTH: 253 words


On Friday, February 22, Google+ users are discussing the pros and cons of the
new Chromebook and exactly how similar it is to a Macbook Pro.

On Thursday, Google announced the release of its new Chromebook Pixel. The
laptop is a high-end version of Google's popular Chromebook, which, in basic
terms, relies heavily on cloud computing to run various programs and apps. While
previous Chromebooks have been moderately priced, the 12.8-inch, 2560x1700
touchscreen, 1.8GHz Chromebook Pixel will retail for around $1,500, a price that
places the Pixel firmly in competition with Apple's Macbook Pro.

Many users are discussing the pros and cons of the Pixel compared to the Macbook
Pro, causing the latter term to trend. Google+ user Chris Dave is impressed with
the Pixel's touchscreen, posting "I LOVE this! If anyone, for any reason feels
the need to buy me something just for the sake of it, then this is what i'd
like! My macbook pro is amazing, but this really is the future - touch screen,
ssd, the list goes on." Ronak Shah, however, will probably be staying with
Apple: "Instead of buying a Chromebook Pixel, buy a Retina MacBook Pro and
install Chrome. Case closed." Jesse Ng tweets, "chromeBOOK pixel looks so
identically rectANGLE macBOOK Pro."
Google+ users are also talking about the popular internet meme "Harlem Shake,"
which is trending in second place.

The top 5 most talked about topics on Google+ on February 21 at 10:00 AM GMT
are:

01.  #apopSHINee02.  #HarlemShake03.  MacBook Pro04.  Monti05.  #Cricket



LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2013 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

How does Google's Pixel phone measure up to the iPhone?;
Google jumps into the $400 billion smartphone market.

BYLINE: Amanda Hoover Staff

SECTION: Technology

LENGTH: 493 words


Google has made its first independent foray into the smartphone market with
Pixel, a device that could rival Apple's iPhone in terms of capability.

The debut marks Google's entrance as a product leader into a $400 billion
smartphone market, where other companies, especially Apple, have established
loyal customer bases and improved products through several models of trial and
error. Entering the scene in 2016 is a risky launch for Google, but could
provide the company with a way to ensure continued use of its web services and
future projects.

"It is early days but we've committed to this mission," Google CEO Sundar Pichai
said. "But it's equally important to get it into the hands of our users, and
that's what today is about."

The company unveiled both the Pixel and its slightly larger counterpart the
Pixel XL Tuesday, which will sell for between $649 and $869. The device is the
first phone Google has created entirely in-house, a departure from the strategy
taken with Nexus, a phone that resulted out of collaboration between Google and
outside smartphone makers.

With a voice-commanded assistant, the world's fastest camera, and unlimited
cloud photography storage, some of the features not only mimic, but threaten to
exceed those of the iPhone.

Of course, that was part of Google's plan. In April, the company reorganized its
hardware groups under a single division so that designers and engineers behind
Google Glass, Chromecast, and Pixel would all be on the same page. The move
creates a more unified cross-product strategy, something Apple has seen a great
deal of success in building.

The phones will include a feature called Google Assistant, a voice-activated
tool similar to Apple's Siri. Built by a company that's made a name for itself
synonymous with searching, the feature remembers what users search and offers
suggestions based on the criteria. As for camera and video, Google says Pixel's
is the best ever implemented on a smartphone, with the ability to capture photos
faster than even the iPhone 7.

Because Google is retaining full control of the devices' software, it will
likely provide major updates frequently, and monthly updates to security
features.

In addition to making a product that iPhone users might find appealing, Google
will also rollout an app to facilitate the transition between devices for
customers, allowing them to transfer contacts, photos, music, videos, messages,
and calendar reminders between an old iPhone device and a new Google one. The
Pixel phones will also come with a cable that makes the transfer even faster and
less prone to wireless connection errors.

Even with competing features, it's hard to say if Google can surpass Apple.
iPhone users have proved extremely loyal to the company, sticking by the
products even when only 28 percent of customers saw the iPhone as the best
product on the market. Whether or not the buzz around Pixel can compete with the
latest iPhone rollouts waits to be seen.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Can Google Pixel capitalize on Samsung phone woes?

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 395 words


The Samsung phone debacle has opened the door   just a crack   for Google to
make headway with its fledgling smartphone offering, Pixel, analysts said
Tuesday.

South Korea-based Samsung permanently halted production on the Galaxy Note 7
smartphonecafter reports of the phone overheating and, in some cases, catching
fire.

cItcs a huge opportunity for the Google Pixel,c said Rob Enderle, an
Oregon-based analyst who tracks the tech sector. cThe Pixel is the best phone to
take advantage of this problem. But its carrier limitations are going to offset
what would otherwise be an incredibly well-timed opportunity.c

Google faces plenty of challenges even ascthe tech behemoth maneuvers to
capitalize on Samsungcs woes.

cGoogle can use Samsungcs problems to their advantage, but they have a really
big upward climb,c said Ben Bajarin, a principal analyst with Campbell-based
Creative Strategies.

For one thing, the Pixel phone is available only for the Verizon platform and
isnct being offered for other big carriers such as Sprint, AT&T and T-Mobile.

cGoogle is just starting out, and consumers still need to learn what the Pixel
phone is,c Bajarin said. cSamsungcs problems will benefit the established brands
such as Apple, LG and HTC. Established brands are very powerful things.c

Mountain View-based Google, nevertheless, has the potential to cast a mammoth
shadow over Samsung as it scrambles to reverse its misfortunes with the Galaxy
Note 7.

cSamsung has created a market for a phone like this, but doesnct have a phone
for this market,c Enderle said. cGoogle Pixel can slide right into that spot.
But the Pixel just wonct be able to take over a lot of shelf space because itcs
only available on one carrier.c

Cupertino-based Apple is certain to be the top vendor for smartphones during the
final three months of 2016, Bajarin said. That stretch that covers the vital
holiday shopping season.

cWe acknowledge the inconvenience this may cause in the market,c Samsung said of
the recall of the phone and the halt in production cThis is to ensure that
Samsung continues to deliver the highest quality products to our customers.c

c

Photo: Rick Osterloh, Google senior vice president of hardware, introduces the
new Google Pixel phone Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. (Eric
Risberg/AP)

The post Can Google Pixel capitalize on Samsung phone woes? appeared first on
SiliconBeat .

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Toronto Sun

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

You can Google this; Four things hit a sour note to know about Pixelto know
about Pixel

BYLINE: Sean Fitzgerald, Toronto Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 384  words


"OK Google. Tell me about your new device."

In an announcement widely expected by the technology community, Google revealed
its new smartphone on Tuesday, introducing Pixel, the "first phone designed by
Google inside and out."

Aside from Pixel, the announcement also included news about Google's VR
platform, Daydream, plus updated TV streaming device Chromecast Ultra (along
with Google Home and Google Wifi, products that aren't yet available in Canada).

The phone, which is already available for pre-sale, comes in two sizes (5-inch
and 5.5-inch display) and two colours with quirky names (Quite Black and Very
Silver). The 5-inch retails for $899 for the 32GB edition and $1,029 for the
128GB version, while the 5.5-inch is priced at $1,049 for the 32GB model and
$1,179 for the 128GB behemoth.

In a commercial that debuted during Google's keynote on Tuesday, the company
also took a subtle swipe at Apple, highlighting the fact that

Pixel comes with a 3.5-mm headphone jack - something Apple has eliminated with
the iPhone 7 to the dismay of some music-loving mobile users.

Other things we discovered about Pixel: 1. It has Google Assistant built in:
Google CEO Sundar Pichai mentioned that he wanted to "build a personal Google
for each and every user," and the Sir i-like Google

Assistant helps them achieve that. Saying "OK Google" or holding down the Home
button will awaken your own personal assistant, which can give you directions to
the movies, text your girlfriend or fire up the latest Lumineers video.

2. It boasts a pretty highend camera: Google is really proud of the camera on
this one. The 12.3-megapixel rearfacing camera will reportedly help users
capture great images at low light, and the Smartburst mode will automatically
select the best picture from a rapidfire sequence of shots.

3. It gives you access to unlimited storage: The tech company is offering Pixel
owners unlimited storage for their full-resolution pictures and videos in Google
Photos, so you won't be seeing any 'storage full' notifications any time soon.

4. It contains a powerful battery: According to Google, the Pixel's battery
lasts all day and will charge fast, so you'll be able to get up to seven hours
of battery life from just 15 minutes of charging. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eric Risberg, Associated Press; Tech reporter Dan Howley tries out the
Google Daydream View headset yesterday in San Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Toronto Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Meet Google's new Pixel smartphones

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 999 words


Kiwis might have a long wait to get their hands on the company's two new two
premium smartphones.

--------------------

Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors.

The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like digital Assistant and
include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday.

The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, and Germany
this month.

DVR headset

Google's own virtual-reality headset is called Daydream View. It will differ
from other headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion
controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new
Pixel phones.

Daydream is a challenge to more sophisticated systems from Facebook's Oculus
business, HTC and Sony - as well as to Google's own Cardboard effort. Cardboard
is cheap - available for as little as US$15 - but it doesn't offer much control
over VR environments beyond pushing a button on the headset as you move your
head.

The new wireless motion controller for Daydream can function like a fishing rod,
a steering wheel or a pointer to permit more sophisticated VR experiences.

Although Google will make its own Daydream headset, it plans to share design
guidelines with other manufacturers.

Google says 50 partners are bringing apps and games to Daydream, with more on
the way. Google services such as photos, YouTube and Street View maps will also
come to Daydream.

Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for US$79 (NZ$110).

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco.

Picture: REUTERS

Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for US$79.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

What time is Google's October 4 event? Google Home release date, 4K Chromecast
and Pixel smartphones rumoured to be announced;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - as
well as several other new pieces of hardware

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 550 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting today.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Yesterday, the cat looked to be well and truly out of the bag thanks to Carphone
Warehouse. The UK retailer has inadvertently listed pictures and details of the
upcoming phones.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The event itself is being held in San Francisco and kicks off at 9am Pacific
Standard Time.

Over here in the UK, that equals 5pm in British Summer Time.

The event will be live-streamed on YouTube for any of those who can't make it
over to San Francisco in person.

Along with the two new smartphones, Google is going to try and push further into
your home with its other new kit.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

First up is expected to be a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

Amazon Echo smart speaker goes on sale in the UK - and Apple's already planning
a rival

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK, which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Meet Google's new smartphone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 787 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like
digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia,
Canada, and Germany this month.

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco. PHONE: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Marlborough Express (New Zealand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Meet Google's new smartphone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 787 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like
digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia,
Canada, and Germany this month.

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco. PHONE: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Meet Google's new smartphone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 787 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like
digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia,
Canada, and Germany this month.

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco. PHONE: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Meet Google's new smartphone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 787 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like
digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia,
Canada, and Germany this month.

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco. PHONE: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Meet Google's new smartphone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 787 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like
digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia,
Canada, and Germany this month.

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco. PHONE: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Meet Google's new smartphone

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 787 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like
digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia,
Canada, and Germany this month.

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco. PHONE: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Meet Google's new smartphone

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 787 words


Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after
a familiar foe: Apple.

The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones
yesterday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the
iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New
Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month.

No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for
the smallest option.

The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black,
silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US).

The smaller model, which starts at US$649 ($900) for 32GB of storage, features a
5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 ($1070), has a 5.5-inch
screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus.

A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at
US$869 ($1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus.

The models feature high- resolution displays that Google said are sharper than
the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's
Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like
digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos.

The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested
in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going
right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data
such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched
on.

Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into
iPhones to conduct the process.

Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port
their information over from Android gadgets.

The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a
user interface customised by Google.

The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as
it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom.
There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to
wake up Google's digital Assistant.

The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the
new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers.

The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time
of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also
debuted yesterday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia,
Canada, and Germany this month.

Home device

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 ($180) online.

Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to
control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command.

4K Chromecast

Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix
and other online video on big screens.

The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher- resolution format
called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 ($100).

Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a
companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email,
Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV.

Google Assistant

Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their
use of its software.

A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses
artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described
as "a personal Google for each and every user".

Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and
seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device
and their smartphone.

Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive
tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that
similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't
always live up to their early promises.

On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the
performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a
lot".

But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different
from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. Bloomberg/AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google
hardware in San Francisco. PHONE: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Google upends smartphone market; Search engine giant hopes to lure customers
with line of hardware

BYLINE: Brandon Bailey, The Associated Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. N8

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics giants like
Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones called Pixel
and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "
Google Assistant ." The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and
sell its own hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other
manufacturers. At a starting price of roughly $650, the new Pixel phones are
aimed at the same markets as Apple ' s iPhone and Samsung ' s Galaxy flagship
phones.

During a press event Tuesday, Google executives showed off a series of gadgets
in rapid succession. Its new Home device is a sleek internet-connected speaker
that ' s designed to respond to voice commands, like Amazon ' s popular Echo. A
new virtual reality headset called Daydream View will work with the newPixel
phones and other Android devices. Also unveiled were a new Wi-Fi router and an
update to the company ' s Chromecast streaming media device.

In announcing the new Pixel phones, Google executives touted features like a
powerful camera, a long-lasting battery - and a dedicated headphone jack, which
Apple recently eliminated from its latest iPhones. The Pixel phones will be sold
in two screen sizes - five inches and5.5 inches - and three col-ours: black,
silver and blue.

But they ' re clearly hoping that the new Pixel phones will be distinguished by
their use of Google ' s software. A central element of all the new devices is
the Google Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to deliver what CEO
Sundar Pichai described as " a personal Google for each and every user ." Google
, which is best known for its widely used Internet search engine, makes most of
its money from online software and digital ads. But it ' s putting more emphasis
on hardware as it competes for consumers ' attention with other leading tech
firms.

New devices could help Google keep its services front and centre in the battle
for consumers ' attention, said analyst Julie Ask at Forrester Research. Unlike
a new mobile app or other software, she noted, it can be an expensive gamble to
build and ship new hardware products. " But if you ' re Google, you can ' t
afford to stop placing bets ." Google has sold smartphones and tablets under the
Nexus brand, which it launched in 2010 as away to show off the best features of
its Android software. But it put relatively little effort into promoting those
devices, which have mostly ended up in the hands of Google purists.

Android already powers the majority of smartphones sold around the world. But
Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones, has increasingly been adding more
of its own software - even its own Samsung Pay mobile wallet - on the phones it
sells. Another big rival, Apple, has built its own services, such as online maps
and its own Siri personal assistant, to replace Google ' s apps on the iPhone.

Google will sell its Pixel phones online, through retail chains like Best Buy
and various wireless carriers around the world, although the company said it has
an exclusive deal with Verizon in the United States.

Like the Pixel phones, the " Home " device uses Google ' s digital " Assistant "
service, a voiceactivated personal butler that can search the Internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks. " Assistant " is the company ' s answer to
similar concierge services from rivals, including Siri, Amazon ' s Alexa and
Microsoft ' s Cortana.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly $130 online and at electronics
retailers starting next month.

Leading tech companies are all competing to assist consumers in their online
activities, from search and navigation to shopping. That gives the companies a
better chance of selling advertising or other services.

Home-based systems like the Echo are taking on more importance as voice
technology has improved, said Forrester ' s Ask. " You can ' t assume somebody
is going to go sit down at a computer or pick up a phone and type in a question
anymore ," she said. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ramin Talaie, Getty Images; Members of the media examine Google ' s
Pixel phone during an event to introduce Google hardware products on Tuesday in
San Francisco , Calif .;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

What time is Google's October 4 event? Google Home release date, 4K Chromecast
and Pixel smartphones rumoured to be announced;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - as
well as several other new pieces of hardware

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 553 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting on October 4.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

And with just a day to go, the cat looks to be well and truly out of the bag
thanks to Carphone Warehouse. The UK retailer has inadvertently listed pictures
and details of the upcoming phones.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The event itself is being held in San Francisco and kicks off at 9am Pacific
Standard Time.

Over here in the UK, that equals 5pm in British Summer Time.

The event will be live-streamed on YouTube for any of those who can't make it
over to San Francisco in person.

Along with the two new smartphones, Google is going to try and push further into
your home with its other new kit.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

First up is expected to be a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

Amazon Echo smart speaker goes on sale in the UK - and Apple's already planning
a rival

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK, which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 3, 2016 Monday 11:13 AM GMT

Google Pixel phone leaked before unveiling;
Google's own-brand phone revealed in promotional images by Carphone Warehouse
before official unveiling on Tuesday

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 296 words


Google's new own-brand Pixel smartphones have been revealed a day before their
official unveiling after Carphone Warehouse leaked promotional content.

The new Pixel phone by Google marks a step-change for the Android-maker, putting
the Google brand front and centre in an obvious direct challenge to Apple and
its iPhone. Both Apple, and now Google, have the advantage of being able to
develop both hardware and software simultaneously.

Most other smartphone manufacturers, including the world's largest, Samsung, use
Android but do not actively develop the software, only modify it, relying on
Google for primary development.

Google has previously used Nexus branding for its smartphones, where it has
partnered with manufacturers such as Huawei, LG and HTC. The new Pixel brand is
in-keeping with that used for Google's Chromebook Pixel and recent Pixel C
Android tablet.

The leaked images captured by Android Police show two sizes of the phone -a
regular and "XL" version, USB-C fast charging, a new interface, video calling
and the Google Assistant, which first launched within the company's Allo
messaging app.

Both devices will have 32GB or 128GB of storage, 4GB of RAM, Qualcomm's latest
821 processor, AMOLED screens, fingerprint scanners on the back, an
eight-megapixel selfie camera and a 12-megapixel camera on the back with optical
image stabilisation, according to the smartphone retailers listings which have
since been removed.

Google is expected to unveil the new smartphones at an event on Tuesday along
with the next version of Android Nougat 7.1, which will feature more of Google's
conversational AI in the form of Assistant.


     ·    Google launches WhatsApp competitor Allo - with Google Assistant
     ·    Duo video calling app: Google launches cross-platform answer to
          FaceTime


LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 12, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Here's Why Google Pixel Does Not Need OIS Feature On Its Camera

BYLINE: Wrik Sen

LENGTH: 354  words


The mystery is their software based algorithm, which helps in taking good shots
in low-light conditions.

With the competition in higher end of smartphone market heating up with the
introduction of the Google Pixel handsets earlier this month, it is time that
the nitty-gritties of the phone be scrutinized, even by the fanbase of Google
and Android. This time, the issue is the absence of OIS (Optical Image
Stabilization) a staple feature in most smartphones these days, including some
lower cost models, including some mid-range handsets. Everyone is already
wondering, what could be the reason behind it, and what trick Google has up its
sleeve, since it claims that it takes the best pictures in low-light conditions,
and 4K definition. The answer lies, in the software algorithm, hence EIS
(Electronic Image Stabilization).

On a dedicated forum for Google Pixel, an employee with user id IsaacOnCamera,
detailed out the Google reason for opting out of the OIS feature on the Pixel
Handsets. Though the reasoning itself omitted the technical feature like
1.55-micron rear and 1.4-micron front pixel size of the cameras, which are
extremely crucial to taking good quality images on the handsets, the reasoning
has based on EIS.

He explained, "It compensates for hand shake, allowing longer exposures in low
light, but this in turn increases motion blur within the frame. And it comes
with all kinds of trade-offs, starting off with its physical size (meaning it
would be harder to produce the slim/small device that Pixel is." However, in
comparison, the Pixel handsets use the HDR+ algorithm, which is the in-house
developed algorithm from the company, to take images of that quality which other
premium handsets take.

For further clarifications on videos, Google Pixel is actually using EIS to
improve upon the shaky videos by bringing in a consistency in framing between
multiple video frames. According to IsaacOnCamera, this is the reason by despite
the absence of OIS, the EIS advanced feature helps Pixel handsets take such high
quality videos and pictures, even in 4K resolution, while also maintaining the
slim profile.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                Ontario Edition

PRODUCT REVIEW;
Pixel C hybrid not quite a laptop - nor a tablet

BYLINE: SHANE DINGMAN

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 680 words


Tech . Telecom . Media

Google's contribution to the growing tablet-laptop hybrid product category is
the Pixel C, a 10-inch Android tablet with a detachable keyboard, an offering
that will face some tough competition in winning over holiday shoppers.

First unveiled in September, the Pixel C is the successor to previous Nexus
tablets Google manufactured in partnership with the likes of Samsung and LG. The
Pixel Chromebook was the first Google-designed-and-made device, a hugely
expensive showpiece of little utility. The Pixel C is by the same Google team
but is still expensive compared with the iPad Air 2 (its closest competitor in
specs and audience).

In Canada, the iPad Air 2 64GB is $659. The Pixel C 64GB model is $799, plus an
extra $199 for the keyboard.

When I compared the tabletlaptop crossovers Apple iPad Pro and Microsoft Surface
Book, I complained mightily about the price points on both devices - which are
far higher than the Pixel. But I also said the key distinction was that
Microsoft makes a better laptop because it's running full Windows 10 with all
the enterprise-level software you need, and iPad is the best tablet with the
best array of consumer software. The Pixel sits somewhere in the middle.

On the one hand, Pixel has all the Google Now goodness (cards that update you on
how long your daily commute is going to be are both depressing and really
useful) and the second-best array of tablet software. On the other hand, most
Android software is designed for phones and so doesn't always scale beautifully
to tablet.

The real knock against the Pixel as a device that can compete with a laptop for
serious work is Android's lack of multitasking capability. The latest edition of
iOS allows its tablet users to see two apps at once, while Android keeps the
single-screen app takeover model popularized on mobile phones. You can use
alttab to cycle between open apps, but it's a poor man's version of the Windows
experience.

The CPU is the powerful Nvidia Tegra X1 with a Maxwell GPU, the same system on a
chip Nvidia uses for its Shield gaming tablet.

That said, I did feel the Pixel was a little poky in rendering imageheavy
websites. Otherwise, it beats the iPad Air in pixel density and compares well in
terms of processor, and without the keyboard is comparably thin and light.

This device was designed with the keyboard in mind, but the peripheral has some
flaws. Pixel uses a magnet to connect the keyboard to the screen that, when
closed, makes it looks like a laptop.

The Pixel's 10.2-inch screen is a diagonal measure, so the width of the keyboard
is actually only 9.5 inches. The shift, tab, enter and apostrophe keys have been
brutally chopped down to make space.

It has some similarities with the iPad Pro keyboard: It's not backlit and has no
track pad. The lack of a mouse or integrated track pad - something Microsoft
includes on its Surface Touch keyboard and Surface Book - means you're
constantly poking the screen, and wishing for finer controls almost all the
time. The Pixel does beat Apple in one popular feature: Just like on a PC, when
scrolling down a document page you can use the Pixel space bar to jump a page
down.

The strangest thing about the Pixel is the charging. To keep the keyboard
powered up, you need to close the device for charging.

You can keep the power cord plugged in while working if you're running out of
battery for the screen, but it won't be charging the keyboard.

One of the really unfortunate things about the Pixel C is that I can't really
recommend it yet, in part because the first review unit Google gave me died
mysteriously. After setting it up this past weekend, I let it run out of battery
power as a standby test (it lost its charge overnight). Strangely, when I
charged it back up the next day, I couldn't get the Pixel to turn on.

Despite the impressive engineering effort that went into the Pixel C, it's not
going to replace your work machine. The best user for the Pixel is a Google fan
who wants an Android tablet, and that person is probably not going to bother
plunking down extra for the keyboard.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2015 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google's Pixel may be more a threat to Samsung than Apple

LENGTH: 469  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Oct. 5 -- Google's latest attempt to beat Apple at its core could end up
hurting its Android partners, especially Samsung, at least in the Indian market.


 Google's new Pixel phones, scheduled for pre-bookings from October 13, will
come with a starting price tag of [#x20b9]57,000. Apple currently commands the
premium handset market in India and may appear to be the clear target going by
the not-so-subtle jibes that Google took at Apple during the launch event in San
Francisco.
 Yet, experts believe it'll not be the iPhone's market share that'll get hit in
India but that of Google's own Android partners.
 Faisal Kawoosa, lead analyst, telecoms practice at CMR, said: "I strongly
believe it is very difficult to pull anyone from iPhone to an Android,
irrespective of specs and premium finish. It will not have an impact on the
iPhone. It will however, impact Blackberry, Sony and Samsung".
 With Blackberry exiting the mobile handset market and Sony struggling to sell
high-end phones, Samsung could the only Android player losing out to Google's
Pixel phones.
 Galaxy Note 7
 "Samsung has about 96 per cent of the market in the [#x20b9]55,000-65,000 price
band in India. Thus, it is pretty much the only player that will be affected by
the Android launch," Kawoosa said.
 The timing of the launch couldn't be worse for Samsung, which had to recall
millions of Galaxy Note 7 devices after many of them started exploding and were
even banned on most airlines.
 Google's seamless hardware-software integration in the Pixel phones, which is
expected to bring an iPhone-like experience to Android for the first time, could
be another big worry for Google's partners.
 "Google's Nexus phones were co-branded, unlike Pixel, which does not instil
enough confidence among partners. With the Nexus series, Google was prioritising
OS updates to partners, but it won't continue to be the case," said Sanchit
Gogia, CEO, Greyhound Research.
 "Also, with the help of seamless hardware-software integration (which Apple is
known for), a Samsung phone with the same hardware and OS as the Pixel phone
will not be able to provide the same experience that Pixel would be able to
provide. That is a big threat to any Android partner," he added.
 For consumers, a major worry, with the launch of Pixel is that of privacy. The
centrestage of the launch of the device was not its hardware or software but its
Artificial Intelligence platform, Google Assistant.
 The tool, similar to Apple's Siri, will be able to listen in to your
conversations and provide suggestions even before you ask for anything.
 "Google has already been scanning e-mails of consumers for advertising
purposes. There is no reason to believe they wouldn't use your everyday
conversations as well for the same. That should worry a lot of users about their
privacy," Gogia. said.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                October 5, 2016
                                 First Edition

Google uses artificial intelligence in battle with smartphone giants;
TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: Rhiannon Williams TECHNOLOGY CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 490 words


Google has unveiled its latest smartphones in an artificially intelligent-led
bid to challenge Apple and Samsung's stranglehold on the market.

The Pixel and Pixel XL, sized at 5in and 5.5in respectively, are the latest
phablets (phone-tablet hybrids) to go on the market, competing with the recently
released iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S7.

The phones mark a new hardware direction for Google, which has previously
released its own handsets under Nexus branding. They will both run a pure
version of the company's latest Android 7.1 Nougat operating system, whereas
Android-running phones from other manufacturers such as LG and HTC run slightly
modified versions.

They feature 12MP and 8MP cameras and rear-mounted fingerprint scanners, and are
the first phones to sport inbuilt Google Assistant, a digital personal assistant
capable of answering queries in a conversational tone thanks to Google's natural
language processing algorithm. This comes in the wake of Amazon launching its
smart speaker, Amazon Echo. Echo's digital assistant, Alexa, responds to spoken
questions and commands.

Google's chief executive, Sundar Pichai, said at the launch of the smartphones
in San Francisco how we are moving from a "mobile-first to an AI-first world".

Pricing in the UK for the phablet is yet to be announced, but US prices start
from $649 (£510). The pair will go on sale on 20 October.

Google also announced its own smartphone-powered virtual reality headset, called
Daydream View VR, priced at $79. It has been covered with fabric to sit more
comfortably on the wearer's face, and will ship with a miniature controller
which can be stored inside the headset.

The company helped to pioneer the use of phones in virtual reality with its
Google Cardboard viewer in 2014, and launched its Android VR platform, Daydream,
in May.

Phone wars Why pick up a Pixel? Will people buy the Pixel handsets? Both phones
are flagship-quality for (relatively) low prices, which Google knows is its best
chance of chipping away at the market share of Samsung and other Android
manufacturers.

What's different about them? Google claims the Pixel and Pixel XL sport the best
cameras ever made for a smartphone. The rear-facing lens is 12MP, which is the
same as the iPhone 7, but the Pixel uses artificial intelligence to select the
best image out of numerous shots taken in a burst, and hardware designed to turn
raw data into an image more quickly.

Is AI really that important? Artificial intelligence is the next big advancement
in tech. Screens may become a thing of the past, meaning we could control our
devices entirely using voice commands.

When can I buy one? The Pixel and Pixel XL will be on sale from 20 October,
while the Daydream View VR headset will retail from early November.

While 87 per cent of the world's smartphones run Android, Samsung is by far the
biggest manufacturer, with a worldwide market share of around 23 per cent,
according to the analyst IDC.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Daily Report: Google Pixel and the New Long Game

BYLINE: By QUENTIN HARDY

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BITS; Pg.

LENGTH: 461 words


Google has a new smartphone. More than buy it, you may want to watch its
progress.

Brian X. Chen has spent some time with the phone, called the Pixel. His verdict:
It's an underwhelming phone with a lesser-quality camera, but with Samsung's
top-end products off-limits because of exploding batteries, it is a good new
model for people using Android apps.

This is more than just a product review, though, because some of things Mr. Chen
points to say much about the current tech scene, and how hard companies are
fighting to make consumer products with unprecedented amounts of complex
software and hardware. Short version: A successful company has to build a lot of
things quickly, learn from them and adjust the products.

One thing about the phone, the first to carry the Google brand, that Mr. Chen
likes is the way it connects to Project Fi, Google's cheap, high-speed wireless
service. Fi is just getting started, and Google is eager to see how its
commercial device network functions.

One of the things that vexes Mr. Chen is the way Google Assistant, Google's
artificial intelligence-based personal aide, still fails to deliver on the
promise of helping you manage your days. That is surprising, considering how
long Google has used A.I. in other areas, but quality A.I. personalization
requires its own stream of data. Google will get extra information by having its
own phone.

In both these good and bad aspects, the Pixel is working off a much larger
ecosystem of Google endeavors, including the world's largest private network of
computers, and a global sales machine. It's notable that Google's own web page
about the Pixel shows Assistant giving information about the weather in Mumbai.

This ''be everywhere possible'' urgency is, to some extent, playing out at
several consumer companies, and all the companies are experiencing some
shortfalls. Apple's iPhone is a leader, but the company must worry that its
heavy emphasis on consumer privacy and tight control of how the phone is used
limit how much data it gets to improve A.I.

Amazon has repurposed its failed Fire phone into Echo, the smash home device,
but isn't getting much information about people on the go. Microsoft has no
phone, but lots of search technology and some device information from its
laptop, the Surface.

It's telling, perhaps, that while Google remade itself as Alphabet over a year
ago partly to ensure more accountability among divisions, the Pixel is part of
Google, where there is ample cash from search ads.

Google has previously pulled out of misbegotten hardware ventures, like Glass or
the Nexus Q. With the Pixel, or Google Home, its answer to the Echo, Google is
likely to hang in far longer -- watching, learning, adjusting and gathering ever
more data on us.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/19/technology/daily-report-google-pixel
-and-the-new-long-game.html

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              190 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Daily Report: Google Pixel and the New Long Game

BYLINE: By QUENTIN HARDY

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BITS; Pg.

LENGTH: 461 words


Google has a new smartphone. More than buy it, you may want to watch its
progress.

Brian X. Chen has spent some time with the phone, called the Pixel. His verdict:
It's an underwhelming phone with a lesser-quality camera, but with Samsung's
top-end products off-limits because of exploding batteries, it is a good new
model for people using Android apps.

This is more than just a product review, though, because some of things Mr. Chen
points to say much about the current tech scene, and how hard companies are
fighting to make consumer products with unprecedented amounts of complex
software and hardware. Short version: A successful company has to build a lot of
things quickly, learn from them and adjust the products.

One thing about the phone, the first to carry the Google brand, that Mr. Chen
likes is the way it connects to Project Fi, Google's cheap, high-speed wireless
service. Fi is just getting started, and Google is eager to see how its
commercial device network functions.

One of the things that vexes Mr. Chen is the way Google Assistant, Google's
artificial intelligence-based personal aide, still fails to deliver on the
promise of helping you manage your days. That is surprising, considering how
long Google has used A.I. in other areas, but quality A.I. personalization
requires its own stream of data. Google will get extra information by having its
own phone.

In both these good and bad aspects, the Pixel is working off a much larger
ecosystem of Google endeavors, including the world's largest private network of
computers, and a global sales machine. It's notable that Google's own web page
about the Pixel shows Assistant giving information about the weather in Mumbai.

This ''be everywhere possible'' urgency is, to some extent, playing out at
several consumer companies, and all the companies are experiencing some
shortfalls. Apple's iPhone is a leader, but the company must worry that its
heavy emphasis on consumer privacy and tight control of how the phone is used
limit how much data it gets to improve A.I.

Amazon has repurposed its failed Fire phone into Echo, the smash home device,
but isn't getting much information about people on the go. Microsoft has no
phone, but lots of search technology and some device information from its
laptop, the Surface.

It's telling, perhaps, that while Google remade itself as Alphabet over a year
ago partly to ensure more accountability among divisions, the Pixel is part of
Google, where there is ample cash from search ads.

Google has previously pulled out of misbegotten hardware ventures, like Glass or
the Nexus Q. With the Pixel, or Google Home, its answer to the Echo, Google is
likely to hang in far longer -- watching, learning, adjusting and gathering ever
more data on us.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/19/technology/daily-report-google-pixel
-and-the-new-long-game.html

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              191 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Google's Pixel phone is powerful, promising

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 538 words


Google has taken itself down a very promising road with its new Pixel phone
line, offering a level of polish and power that makes it very competitive with
the market's top phones.

I admit that I was a bit underwhelmed by the Pixel's first appearance, which
came at a Google launch event earlier this month. Google's Nexus line of phones
had always appealed well to the niche Android superfan audience, and on paper it
did not seem that the $750 Pixel would really offer that much more.

Yet my mind changed after the company sent me a Pixel XL to review. Both this
5.5-inch phone and its smaller sibling run pure Android and feature Google's
voice-controlled Assistant. The Pixel XL proved to be an elegant, capable and -
best of all - useful phone.

For one, it's a nice-feeling phone. The Pixel has the right heft to it while
still keeping a slim profile. It sits well in the hand; its fingerprint reader
is on the back of the phone, in keeping with a design decision made for the last
Nexus phones. It's in a more natural position, and the reader is so snappy that
you're rarely left to linger on it for long.

Although HTC built the phone, Google designed it. It does not have an
ultra-slim, ultra-sleek design, but it feels like more of a high-end phone
thanks to its high-quality materials and how they sit in the hand.

I have not had the phone quite long enough to make a good determination about
its battery, apart from saying that it easily lasts me through a day of normal
use and does not drain too quickly, even during testing. The phone also charges
quickly, which is a serious point in its favor, especially for people who are
traveling.

But the real point of the Pixel seems to be to show off the full extent of its
system and its fancy new software. The phone will get the latest updates of
Google's software first, and it comes equipped with the company's latest system,
Android Nougat.

Google's Assistant shows a lot of promise, providing much of the same
information and features as Apple's Siri in a smoother and more conversational
style. It is not perfect, but it is impressive - especially for a first try at
creating an artificial-intelligence assistant. There are many things I would
like to ask Assistant that it cannot do yet, particularly regarding interacting
with third-party services. But if Google's aim was to replace its search bar
with the voice-controlled Assistant, it's well on its way to doing that.

If I had to pick some downsides, I would say the camera is not always quite as
crisp as its competitors, particularly when taking portraits - though, as I
said, the camera is quite good overall.

Also, it would be nice if the phone were waterproof, a feature that people
probably do not realize they want until it's too late. And if you're putting
down the cash for the Pixel, it is probably an investment you want to protect.

Sure, the Pixel may not be a flashy buy, and it lacks some of the high-end gloss
of a top Android phone such as the Samsung S7 Edge. But it hits the basics well,
and its performance and overall design show that Google may finally be serious
about becoming a viable Android phone manufacturer on its own. If it is, the
Pixel is an excellent first step.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Google Pixel XL benchmarks emerge on the net

LENGTH: 148  words


As the countdown to the official unveiling of Google's new flagship Android
phones ticks by, new data have emerged regarding recent benchmarks of the
supposed Google Pixel XL.

A Geekbench listing has surfaced where a 'Google Marin' handset, Google's
codename for the Pixel XL, was recently benchmarked and shown to be running a
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of RAM, reports TechRadar.

While 4GB of RAM is fairly standard for flagship devices, it's surprising that
the Pixel XL may not be equipped with the newer Snapdragon 821, which is 10%
faster than the 820.

The Pixel XL will be made by an HTC design team and is expected to have an
aluminum unibody design with a 5.5-inch screen. It is also rumored to have a
rear-facing fingerprint scanner.

The new Google Pixel phones will be replacing the old Nexus line and will be the
first smartphones to officially bear the Google name.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google unveils Pixel smartphones; to cost Rs 57,000 in India

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Oct. 5 -- Google today unveiled its new 'Pixel' brand of phones,
geared up with Google Assistant and virtual reality capabilities, as it looks to
challenge Apple in the premium smartphone market.

The two phones - Pixel and Pixel XL - will be available in India, priced at Rs
57,000 onwards, in 32GB and 128GB versions. The eagerly awaited smartphones
replace the existing Nexus line.

The devices will be put up for pre-order from October 13 in India and will be
sold by the end of October. The handsets would be available through channels
like Flipkart, Reliance Retail, Croma and Vijay Sales in India.

India is among the first six countries where Pixel is being launched. "Hardware
isn't a new area for Google but we are now taking steps to showcase the very
best of Google across a family of devices designed and built by us. This is a
natural step and we are in it for the long haul," Google SVP Hardware Rick
Osterloh said at an event here.

Building hardware and software together would let the company take full
advantage of capabilities like its Google Assistant, harnessing its expertise in
machine learning and artificial intelligence.

While most handset vendors, other than Apple, use Google's Android operating
system, the company has made various approaches to building its own hardware.

It sold Nexus phones from 2010 with the devices being made by various vendors
like HTC, Huawei, LG and Motorola.

Pixel would be the first phone to ship with Google Assistant built in and the
latest operating system, Android 7.1 Nougat. The devices will get software and
security updates as soon as they are available, directly from Google.

Google has also made the update process easier, with the download and
installation happening in the background, so users no longer have to wait for
the phone to update. Also, unlike the Nexus range, the Pixel phones do not sport
the branding of the handset vendor.

The company has also unveiled a new VR headset, priced at USD 79 that will be
available from November. Google is partnering a number of companies to increase
immersive content available to users across the world.

India is one of the fastest growing smartphone markets globally. According to
IDC, smartphone market in India grew 17.1 per cent sequentially to 27.5 million
units in April-June quarter of 2016. The move to launch Pixel in India among the
first few countries is similar to the strategy adopted by Apple.

Apple will sell the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in India from October 7, a month
after the device was unveiled in the US. The latest version, which would be
available through Flipkart, will be priced Rs 60,000 onwards.

Devices by both Apple and Google will compete in the premium category, which
industry experts estimate to be about 26 per cent of the Indian handset market.
Other prominent players in the premium segment (Rs 20,000 onwards) include
Samsung, Sony and LG.

The segment is estimated to be growing at 22 per cent, higher than the overall
smartphone segment that is growing at about 17 per cent. Google has also
unveiled other hardware products including a new Chromecast, Google Wi-Fi (USD
129 owards) and Google Home.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday

Google laptop is impressive, but not for all

BYLINE: By Anick Jesdanun,

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1151 words


Sunday April 7, 2013

Associated Press

Google's first high-end laptop, the Chromebook Pixel, is an impressive machine.
It feels light and comfortable in my hands and on my lap. Its high-resolution
display makes photos look sharp and video come to life. From a hardware
standpoint, it's everything I'd want a laptop to be.

But the Pixel isn't very practical -- at least not yet -- for most people. It
works well when you have a steady Internet connection, but can't do much once
you lose that connection. And because it uses Google's own operating system, it
doesn't run enough software yet to replace your other machines.

I brought the Pixel along for a nearly three-week trip to Thailand and Cambodia,
where I knew I wouldn't have the type of round-the-clock access I'm used to in
the U.S. I was surprised by how much I could do, but quickly got frustrated when
I couldn't do more.

Such frustration doesn't come cheap. Prices for the Pixel start at $1,299, just
$200 less than a MacBook with a comparable screen and the ability to do much
more offline. A higher-end Pixel with cellular access costs $150 more than the
basic model and is scheduled to start shipping Monday.

For those unfamiliar with Google's entry into the laptop market -- I guess
that's many of you -- the Pixel and other Chromebooks run a Google operating
system called Chrome OS. Based on the Chrome Web browser available for Windows
and Mac computers, Chrome OS underscores Google's vision of letting the Internet
do all the heavy lifting instead of your computer.

As a result, you can power up and start working on the Chromebook right away.
Boot time is minimal because there's not a lot of software to load. Those
functions are pulled from the Internet as needed. That also means updates come
regularly and don't need any installation on your part.

There's not a lot of storage on the machine either. The idea is to keep as much
as you can online, through a storage service such as Google Drive or Dropbox.

Think of the Chromebook as a gateway to the Internet. You can download apps from
Google and others to run on the Chromebook, but many of those apps do little
more than access a website on your Chrome browser when you're online.

Previous Chromebooks haven't been too powerful. They have tended to be low-cost
machines ideal for casual users who mostly need computers for Internet tasks
such as email and Facebook.

Google is changing the dynamics with the Pixel. It's targeting power users who
are willing to pay more money for the best features.

For $1,299, you get a well-built machine sporting a touch-sensitive display that
measures nearly 13 inches diagonally. The screen's resolution is among the best
out there. At 239 pixels per inch, it tops the 227 pixels per inch on the
13-inch MacBook Pro, though your eyes might not be able to discern that small
difference.

The basic Pixel model comes with 32 gigabytes of storage and has a slot for
external storage, such as a camera's SD card. Each machine also comes with a
three-year subscription for 1 terabyte of online storage through Google Drive.
It's normally $50 a month.

Google also offers a $1,449 model that has double the internal storage, at 64
GB, and 100 megabytes a month of LTE cellular data access through Verizon
Wireless for two years. That's suitable for occasional use, but if you'll be
away from Wi-Fi a lot, you'll need a data plan. Prices start at $10 a day.

The LTE model isn't set to ship until Monday, but Google lent me one to try out.
I was impressed with the LTE offering, as the cellular access would help cover
some of the gaps I'd have outside my home and office. But it's of no use abroad.

Nor is LTE of use on airplanes. Both models offer 12 free sessions with Gogo's
Wi-Fi service on airplanes, but those are good only for flights that offer that
capability. Those tend to be domestic flights in the U.S.

So I found myself trying to use Chromebook without a steady Internet connection.

Before I left, I configured the Chromebook browser to enable offline access to
Google Docs, the company's set of online tools such as word processing and
spreadsheets. With offline access, you're able to access and edit documents.
Changes get synced with the online versions the next time you connect to the
Internet.

I was able to do a fair amount of writing offline, but every now and then, my
document would disappear, replaced by Google's "Aw, Snap" error message sporting
a sad face icon. That would be cute if hours of work weren't at stake.

Although I was usually able to recover the file and never lost more than a
paragraph of writing, I got nervous with every crash. Google Docs lets you save
copies on your computer as text files or in Microsoft's Word format. But that
function works only when you are online, even for changes you are making
offline.

Even without the crashes, I wasn't getting tools such as spell-checking while
offline. That's not an issue when using Word or Apple's Pages on other machines.

Beyond text documents, the Chromebook is able to view photos, PDFs and other
files, just like any other computer. It can also read files in Microsoft's Word
and Excel formats, though you must convert them to Google Docs to make changes.

And obviously, it can browse the Web. I successfully paid credit card bills,
bought magazines and watched Hulu video on the Pixel. I was able to read an
e-book on Amazon's Web-based Kindle app, too.

But there are limits, particular when sites require plug-ins that aren't
available for the Chromebook.

And while I was able to write this story on a Chromebook, our publishing system
isn't compatible with it.

Chromebooks are ideal for those who have steady Internet access and do most of
their computing on Web browsers. But those people may be fine with one of the
other, much cheaper Chromebooks. One is the $249 Samsung Chromebook, which I
have tried and like for simple tasks when Internet access isn't an issue.

If you need a machine as powerful as the Pixel, you might also need an operating
system that can do more, especially when offline.

Google executive Caesar Sengupta admits that Chromebook owners might still have
to turn to a Windows or Mac computer now and then. In many ways, it reminds me
of the early days of the Mac, when most software was written only for Windows.

That makes the Pixel expensive for a machine
that can't serve as your sole computer.

At $1,299, I'd rather spend another $200 for a MacBook with a high-resolution
display and four times the storage, at 128 gigabytes. You don't get a touch
screen with the MacBook, but frankly, I didn't use the Pixel's touch controls
even once during my Asia trip.

On the other hand, Sengupta told me that selling Pixels isn't Google's main goal
with the machine. Rather, the company made it to showcase Google's vision for
the future of computing. In that case, Google has succeeded in producing a
machine that is a pleasure to use -- as long as you're online.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Mega Pixel: Google's Great India Phone Play

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 650 words


Google is entering a space it has never been to before -the Indian mobile phone
retail store.

The company will directly sell its new Pixel smartphones to consumers through at
least seven prominent large-format retail stores in India, besides multi-brand
stores, and promote the flagship device just as much as top brands Apple and
Samsung.

And it's entering with a bang. Analysts expect Google to start with about 1lakh
devices -more than ever before -to make a dent in India's premium smartphone
segment, which is dominated by Samsung and Apple. Until now, manufacturers of
Google phones such as Nexus were responsible for marketing, which has been
extremely low key and limited.

Google is raising the stakes in the premium segment -' . 30,000-plus -right
after Samsung's huge setback with the Galaxy Note 7 debacle. Still, the search
giant faces a huge challenge as Apple has already shipped in about 2 lakh units
of its iPhone 7 ahead of Diwali. Samsung is redirec

ting its marketing budget to promote the S7 and S7 Edge.

Bookings for the two Pixel models opened on October 13 through Flipkart and
offline retailers. Google's marketing play is expected to escalate next week
-before Diwali -although the launch date isn't

known. Google is holding a media event on October 25. The 5-inch Pixel and
5.5-inch Pixel XL went on sale in the US a couple of days ago.

\x93It's a shift of strategy (for Google), as it follows the make-your-ownphone
plans, but it's also required,\x93 said Santosh Desai, managing director of
Future Brands. \x93Google is going up against formidable brands, so it can't go
half-way on end-consumer communication...the Samsung (incident) opens up the
opportunity for Google vs Apple, so all the more reason for them to go full
throttle.\x93

Google is aware of the task at hand and plans to respond accordingly.

\x93We will run a 360-degree above-theline campaign with TV , cinema,
out-of-home in top seven metro cities, print and digital, to build the
brand,\x93 a Google spokesperson said.

Heavy spending is expected for spreading the word on the Pixel smartphones.The
base model for Pixel . 57,000.costs ' Print advertisements will run for the next
3-4 months while television ad spots will target Hindi and English entertainment
channels. Google will also use YouTube and its other digital platforms to
promote the devices.The Alphabet-owned company will showcase the Pixel and Pixel
XL in key stores of large-format retail chains, including Croma, Reliance
Digital, Spice Mobility and Jumbo. Tie-ups with other chains, including The
Mobile Store, are in the works, industry insiders said.

\x93Displays for Pixel will be set up in top 50 stores of the total 300 that we
have.They will carry the Google branding, something that a consumer would have
not seen before,\x93 the chief executive officer of one retail chain said,
asking not to be identified.

A full-fledged strategy is necessary, especially in

the premium segment, to convince users that Google can compete, said Jaipal
Singh, a senior analyst at IDC India. It has failed in the past, a case in point
being the Nexus 5X and 6P launched last year, which sold a combined less than a
lakh units from October last year to date. Comparatively, an average of about
600,000 premium units are sold in the country each month.

Cupertino-based Apple is spending about Rs 100 crore on marketing and
advertising in India during the festive period, ET reported previously.

It shipped in almost 1.9 lakh units in the first half of October, as per data
from Cybex Exim Solutions. Apple imported about 450,000 units of the iPhone 6s
series in 45 days from October 1 last year, the start of its record quarter by
volumes (8 lakh) in India.

\x93As of now, Apple is clearly the one with the advantage, so Google will have
to take retail space share from existing vendors,\x93 said IDC's Singh.

Apple didn't respond to an emailed request for comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Google Pixel phones release date leaked

LENGTH: 169  words


Retailer in Australia to start sale of Google Pixel and Pixel XL

If you live in Sydney, Australia and cant wait to get your hands on Google's
latest Pixel or Pixel XL, you could be lucky to be the first one to actually do
so.

The Telstra store on George Street, will be the first store to have the honor of
selling the Pixel and Pixel XL devices, starting at 8am local time on Thursday
October 20th. The phones have been available for pre order for a while,
especially from Google, Telstra and other online portals. However, some lucky
Telstra buyers have already received their phone, due to an early shipping
mistake from the carrier. However, pre orders can take weeks to ship and going
to retail stores instead will definitely be faster.

More retailers will start sale of the Pixel phones on Thursday as well, in their
respective time zones, including Verizon Wireless in the US. Have you already
pre ordered online or will you be going into the store to get one yourself? Let
us know in the comments below.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Handy new Google Pixel certainly well-connected;
Solid computing Chromebook is a port-lover's dream come true

BYLINE: Edward C. Baig, ebaig@usatoday.com, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 702 words


Let me come straight to the point: Google makes pretty darn sweet hardware.

I reached that conclusion two years ago, when I reviewed Google's original
Chromebook Pixel. It's an opinion that has only solidified now that I have
tested the improved Pixel I used to write this column.

Pixel is Google's premium showcase for the company's cloud-based Chrome
operating system. At $999 or $1,299, it's an expensive power-user alternative to
the sub-$250 Chromebooks produced by several computer manufacturers, though
Google has dropped the price compared with the previous generation.

Beyond the consumer, Google has been pushing Chromebooks in education and in
business, where it says it has seen 300% year-over-year growth.

The physical design of Pixel hasn't changed much. The 3.3-pound laptop is
crafted of sturdy anodized aluminum, with the same-size, vibrant, 12.85-inch,
high-resolution, touch display, now with a bolstered color gamut.

As before, the keyboard is a pleasure -- among the best I've typed on. The
spacious glass trackpad is equally top-shelf.

Sweet connections

Arguably the most significant difference compared with the first-generation
Pixel is the addition of two compact USB Type-C ports, conveniently placed on
each side. USB Type-C can handle power, data and video, all in one.

It's the connector that Apple called attention to on the new MacBook, announced
Monday. But while the MacBook has only a single USB-C port, the Pixel has two,
along with a pair of standard USB 3.0 ports. That means you ought to be covered
for now with your older USB-powered devices, easing any transition to the
future. The USB-C connector is based on an open standard that will be embraced
by other computer -- and phone -- makers moving forward.

Meantime, Google, like Apple, will be selling a variety of USB-C adapters and
dongles.

The versatile port provides several advantages. It's reversible; any way you
plug it in, it will work. You'll also be able to use any USB-C power adapter to
charge the computer, including in theory the one Apple will supply with the new
MacBook.

The Pixel itself has a fast-charging feature that promises to give you up to two
hours of juice after plugging it in for just 15 minutes, a potential lifesaver
when you're about to board an airplane.

Google claims up to 12 hours of power overall for the new computer (based on a
test with brightness at a default 40% level). That's a major jump over the five
hours of battery life Google said you'd get with the first Pixel, which in my
experience is even shorter than that. I haven't conducted a formal battery test
on the latest model, but the improvement is duly evident.

So-so battery life had been an Achilles' heels on the first Pixel, a laptop I
otherwise like a lot.

Offline issues

The other potential drawback for any Chromebook buyer is the use of the machine
offline, though Google has made major strides for those occasions when you lack
a cyber connection. You can employ Gmail in offline mode, for example, or edit
locally saved photos. Still, you may encounter odd snags when you're not
connected, as I experienced attempting to write offline in Google Docs on a
recent flight.

The new machines have faster Intel processors and more memory, a Core i5 and 8
gigabytes on the $999 model, a Core i7 and 16GB on the $1,299 model. Because
you're encouraged to take advantage of Google Drive -- Google supplies 1
terabyte free for up to three years -- the on-board storage capacities are
modest, 32GB and 64GB respectively, same as on predecessors.

There are other niceties here. You can conduct a voice search by barking out
"OK, Google" -- the same command you might use on Android phones.

The built-in speakers sound good. The camera (for Google Hangouts) has a
wider-angle lens.

A colored light bar on the outside cover provides more than just an aesthetic
touch: by tapping twice you can gauge battery power. Versions of certain Android
apps now work on the Chrome OS, too, including Evernote, Duolingo and Vine.

Another benefit of Chromebooks: Google can periodically update the software to
keep the machine fresh and secure.

Google's reputation was built on search and software. But the company's computer
hardware deserves praise, too.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Google

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Google hires Amazon hardware chief to develop smartphones; Kindle maker to now
work on Pixel;
With one of the biggest tech launch events (Google Pixel), lined up for today,
Google has now reportedly hired David Foster from Amazon, who developed the
Kindle. The post Google hires Amazon hardware chief to develop smartphones;
Kindle maker to now w...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 267  words


With one of the biggest tech launch events (Google Pixel), lined up for today,
Google has now reportedly hired David Foster from Amazon, who developed the
Kindle. David Foster has been hired as the new Vice-President of product
engineering in hardware division. According to a report in 'The Information',
Foster will lead future development on Google's new range of Pixel smartphones.
Foster has been a veteran leader for five years while building Amazon products
like the Kindle Paperwhite, Kindle Voyage and the Kindle Fire tablet.

Apart from that he also headed the efforts in developing the Echo and Dash
products. All these products were started in Amazon's experimental Lab126
division. David Foster was the senior director at Apple for six years. Then went
on to the guitar company called Gibson as the Chief Technology Officer. Then he
joined as GM Hardwar at Microsoft. And finally went on to Amazon for the Lab126
in the year 2011, where he developed all those products. This move by Google is
going to kick start its efforts in the hardware sector which have not been its
forte. But will the aggressive marketing and hiring, it has made its intentions
abundantly clear.

Foster has been hired to head the Pixel smartphone division and will report to
the ex-Motorola president, Rick Osterloh who currently leads a new hardware
division at Google. Google has decided to drop the Nexus branding to present its
brand new range of smartphones, Pixel, which will likely be launched today.
Google has gone all out this time with its marketing strategy, by presenting the
new phones as 'Made by Google'.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Google shares at record high thanks to Pixel phone reviews

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 270 words


Has Google finally hit the smartphone jackpot?

Shares of Google/Alphabet are trading at record highs after many positive
reviews of the companycs new Pixel phone were published Tuesday.

Among the fans of the new phone, which is the first to be designed by Google, is
longtime tech guru Walt Mossberg, who called it ceasily the best Android phonec
he has tested.

cIn its first try, Google has landed itself in the same class as Applecs iPhone
and the Samsung Galaxy S7 (that companycs non-exploding model),c Mossberg wrote
for the Verge .

The Wall Street Journalcs Joanna Stern : cThe Google Pixel is now the best
Android smartphone you can buy.cThe other leading contender was disqualified due
to spontaneous combustion. c (Shecs talking about Samsungcs Galaxy Note 7, which
is no longer being made because of batteries that overheated and caught fire.)

The Pixel is manufactured by HTC, but Mossberg notes that unlike with the Nexus,
Google designed the hardware, software and cloud ecosystem for it   an
Apple-like move that he says will cshake up the industry.c While the Pixel is
only being carried by Verizon in the U.S., it appears investors are excited
about the possibilities.

Google shares are up $5.30 to $826.79 as of this post. They closed at $821.49
Tuesday. At least one analyst, Youssef Squali, of Cantor Fitzgerald, thinks
their rise can also be attributed to chope from a strong quarter from all
internet companies.c Google reports earnings next week.

c

Photo:cRick Osterloh, Google senior vice president of hardware, introduces the
new Google Pixel phone Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. (Eric
Risberg/AP)

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Google bares 2-year support lifespan for Pixel and Pixel XL

LENGTH: 169  words


The Nexus phones were essentially the closest link to Google as far as devices
go. They often got Android updates before everyone else and it looks like the
case will be the same for the new Pixel phones.

Google's support site stated that both Pixel and Pixel XL will get Android
version updates for two years at the very least from the time the devices become
available. Update should also come within two weeks of release, reports
TechRadar.

Beyond this time frame, Android updates can't be guaranteed anymore, which would
be similar to Google's two-year plan for the Nexus smartphones.

Once the update time frame is up, the Pixel and Pixel XL will continue to
receive security updates for at least three years since the phones first became
available.

But similar to the Nexus series, there is no guarantee that the Pixel phones
will get all the latest software updates barring hardware requirements and other
factors. For now, Pixel is the new Nexus and it offers the purest Android
experience currently available.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Google Pixel and Pixel XL to ship with Android Nougat

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 185  words


In addition, leaked renders and benchmarks for the phones were recently spotted
online.

It's been no small news that Google has rebranded its Nexus line to Pixel, and
plans to release two smartphones soon. While we've seen a few leaks regarding
both phones' specifications, this time around the rumours talk about the OS
inside.

A leaked benchmark test on Geekbench indicates both the upcoming PIxel and Pixel
XL smartphones will ship with Android 7.1 Nougat. In addition, the Google Pixel
will feature a 1.6GHz quad-core Snapdragon processor (likely the Snapdragon 820)
with 4GB RAM.

In other leaks, Phone Arena spotted possible renders for the Pixel and Pixel XL,
while Android Headlines, came across TPU cases available on AliExpress. Assuming
the designs on both are correct, it appears the Pixel XL will sport a
fingerprint scanner on the rear panel, similar to the Nexus 5X and 6P, The Pixel
will sport a 5-inch display, while the Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch display.

Rumours indicate the new smartphones will be launched at an event scheduled for
October 4, so perhaps we'll receive some much-needed clarity then.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       March 15, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Google Announces New Chromebook Pixel!

LENGTH: 249  words


The Pixel launches with the new standard for charging called USB Type C which
could be seen in the new MacBook too.

Friday, March 13, 2015: Google has announced the latest version of Chromebook
Pixel, almost after a gap of two years. The new Chromebook Pixel doesn't come
with a design overhaul though. The company has dropped the price now and it
starts at $999.

The new Pixel is available in two variants. The $999 Core i5 (2.2 GHz
Broadwell-U) version sports 8GB RAM and 32GB SSD. The second one is the $1,299
Core i7 "LS" (ludicrous speed) version (2.4 GHz Broadwell-U) and it sports 16GB
of RAM and 64GB SSD. Both machines pack Intel's HD Graphics 5500 GPU and Wi-Fi
only. But the new Pixel has no LTE option though. It packs the same keyboard
too.

The Pixel launches with the new standard for charging called USB Type C which
could be seen in the new MacBook too. The official blog
(http://googleblog.blogspot.ca/2015/03/meet-updated-chromebook-pixel
-and-new.html) of Google says, "Not only does Type-C enable multi-device
charging, but it also allows high-speed data and display over the same connector
and cable. It's small enough to work with smartphones, powerful enough to charge
computers, and conveniently symmetrical."

For the time being, the new Pixel is available in the U.S. only on Google's new
online hardware store (https://store.google
.com/?utm_source=blogpost&utm_medium=post&utm_campaign=launch). Till the time
you don't get the new model in your hands, enjoy the video below:

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 26, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Google Pixel's Lens Flare Issue May Soon Get Solved Via Software Update

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 241  words


Issac, a member of Google's camera team has recently explained that this can be
solved via an algorithm that can recognize the flare, and subtract it from the
image.

Google Pixel smartphone users have been lately reporting that the phone's camera
is more susceptible to lens flare, which is more commonly seen as a contrast arc
in one of the corners caused due to sun or a light source hitting the camera
lens at a specific angle.

While this is in-fact seen in almost all cameras, many Redditors seem to have
been demanding Google to send out a fix claiming that the frequency of lens
flares in Pixel's camera is a little more.

In a reply to one such post, Isaac Reynolds, popularly known as IsaacOnCamera, a
member of Google's camera team has given an explanation as to why it is
happening. He has also mentioned that Pixel users can expect an update for this
issue pretty soon as this can solved via a software update.

Here's a screenshot of Isaac's complete reply to the post:

As you can see, Isaac has mentioned that the Pixel's camera's lens structure is
very highly controlled which actually means that all Pixels take high quality
images, and thus, all Pixels have the same flare characteristics.

He has added further information stating that, a software update is being worked
upon by Google where some algorithms will recognize the halo/arc flare,
characterize it mathematically, and then subtract it from the image, thereby
solving this issue.

----

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Premium handsets to fly the Android flag

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH, SMARTPHONES

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 717 words


The Note7 exploding battery saga is bad news for Samsung but the fallout also
dents the overall Android brand. It remains to be seen whether Note7 users who
don't stick with Samsung opt for Apple's embrace. However, for those loyal to
the Android experience, there are a few notable options. Sony, Google and
Motorola have come to the rescue with new premium Android handsets, ahead of the
Christmas rush. They each offer a different take on Android.

Sony Xperia XZ Sony is promoting the camera capability of this phone: a 23
megapixel main snapper, a 13MP low-light selfie front camera, 4K recording with
image stabilisation, and a dedicated camera button. You pick up the phone, press
and shoot, even with it locked.

The back camera has three sensors: an image sensor, a laser autofocus sensor for
measuring subject distance and an RGB sensor for colour accuracy.

Predictive hybrid autofocus tracks subjects as they move across the frame. Sony
says the camera works out the position of a moving object ahead of time so that
it can take a sharp photo when it gets there.

Sony also has introduced software that juices up a phone to 90 per cent
overnight, and then charges it to 100 per cent before you get up. There is also
Qnovo adaptive charging, which adjusts the charging rate. Sony says these
measures double battery lifespan.

The XZ is dust and water resistant. It has a 5.2-inch full HD display, a
Qualcomm Snapdragon 829 processor, 32GB of internal storage, a microSD card port
and USB-C connector.

Sony overlays "smart assist" technology over Google Android Marshmallow. Over
time, this machine learning technology will glean your habits and alerts you to
operating issues.

Xperia XZ, sells in Australia from Thursday for $999.

Google Pixel, Pixel XL Google designed its new Pixel-branded phones from scratch
and then got HTC to make them. The Pixel and Pixel XL have 5 and 5.5-inch
displays respectively.

Google, like Sony, promotes the quality of its 12.3MP and 8MP back/front facing
cameras. The back snapper has a big f/2.0 aperture and large 1.55 micron pixels
for capturing lots of light.

In the smartburst feature, you can continually press the shutter button and the
camera will take a series of photos and then select what it regards as the best
and sharpest image. The "Lens blur" feature makes it easy to take shallow depth
of field images so foreground subjects stand out.

The standout feature is the integration of Google's new assistant, found by
holding down the Home button. It is capable of more natural, contextually based
conversations, manages everyday tasks and you can tell it to display selected
photos, such as "show me my cat photos from last year".

Possibly the most compelling feature is Google's offer of free, unlimited online
storage of your photos and videos. Pixel and Pixel XL have a high resolution
AMOLED capacitive full HD display a USB Type-C connector and fast charging. As
with last year's Nexium models, the fingerprint reader is on the back.

With Google branded phones you quickly get the latest version of Android (here
Nougat). And it will work with Google's virtual reality platform, Daydream View.

Pixel, with a 5-inch screen with 32GB of storage, will cost $1079, or $1229 with
128GB storage. The larger Pixel XL, with a 5.5-inch screen, will cost $1269
(32GB) and $1419 (128GB). Available from Thursday.

Moto Z, Moto Z Play Motorola's Moto Z is incredibly thin at just 5.2mm. Of the
three phones here, it has the highest screen resolution, a 5.5-inch quad HD
AMOLED display. It has a Qualcomm quad core processor, 32/64GB of internal
storage and supports a whopping 2 Terabytes via a microSD card.

If you don't need the QuadHD screen, there's Moto Z Play. The screen size is the
same: 5.5 inches but it sports 1080p HD resolution.

That trade-off isn't so bad given you get a fast 8-core processor, and a 3510
milliampere hour battery that Motorola says will deliver up to 45 hours of mixed
use and eight hours of use with 15 minutes of fast charging.

Both phones make use of Motorola's new magnetically attachable "Moto Mods". You
can clip on a stereo sound speaker, a projector, a "style shell" to boost its
looks, a power pack for extra battery and a zoom lens, which delivers 10x
optical zoom.Moto Z and Moto Z Play are available now for $999 and $699
respectively.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google launches Pixel smartphone

LENGTH: 290 words


Pixel smartphone will be available with a five-inch display or a 5.5 inch
display.


SAN FRANCISCO: Google has unveiled its new Pixel smartphone with artificial
intelligence built in as it directly takes on the iPhone with its own branded,
premium-priced handset.


"We are building hardware with the Google Assistant at its core," said Rick
Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based Internet
giant.
"We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the
intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the center."
Pixel smartphone will be availabile with a five-inch display or a 5.5 inch
display, starting at $649 for US customers, at similar prices to the latest
iPhone models.
Pre-orders began on Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany, Britain, and the US.
"It's the first phone made by Google inside and out," said Sabrina Ellis of the
Pixel product management team.
By producing the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct
challenge to Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will
come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the
company's new Daydream virtual reality platform.
Pixel also has a special program to make it easy for users to switch operating
systems, say from an iPhone to and Android, by simply transfer contacts, content
and even iMessages, according to Ellis.
Google announced an exclusive deal with US telecom provider Verizon for Pixel
sales. Ellis said the company is working with service providers in other
countries.
The version for sale at Google's online shop is "unlocked" to work with various
carriers.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/53/147564729098.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     October 20, 2016 Thursday 12:53 PM GMT

Google Pixel smartphone sees Londoners queue from 6am for iPhone 7's new rival;

The web giant have launched a handset with a day-long battery life

BYLINE: MARK BLUNDEN

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 232 words


The first Google Pixel smartphones went on sale in London today - with
enthusiasts queuing from 6am to snap one up.

Shoppers and Google staff packed into a pop-up store inside Currys PC World in
Tottenham Court Road to try out the much-hyped handset.

Londoner Rabi Rafi, 19, was first in the queue after getting up at 5am to ensure
his place, saying he had "not been this excited in a while".

The Pixel and Pixel XL are the first phones to feature Google Assistant and
claim day-long battery life, plus a seven-hour charge after being plugged in for
just 15 minutes.

Londoners queue from 6am (Israel Peters)

The 5-inch Pixel costs £599 and the XL an extra £120. Both are available in
silver or black, with either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage.

SpecOut | Graphiq

Also today, camera giant Kodak announced plans to unveil its new smartphone -
which is aimed at photography enthusiasts and which it says has two
"industry-leading" cameras built in.

Read more

Google Pixel: Tech giant unveils new smartphone to rival Apple's iPhone 7

Apple iOS 10 update causes problems for iPhone and iPad users

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled early in Twitter blunder- with waterproof design

The Kodak Ektra will house a 21-megapixel rear camera as well as a 13-megapixel
front-facing camera. It goes on sale in the UK in December for £449.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL are available now from £599

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Cyprus Mail

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Google takes on Apple with new Pixel phone, Home assistant

BYLINE: Reuters News Service

LENGTH: 492 words


Alphabet Inc's Google on Tuesday announced a new "Pixel" smartphone and a
virtual reality headset, the company's latest effort to sell consumers on Google
-branded devices and to challenge Apple Inc's iPhone at the high end of the more
than $400 billion global market.

The new phone starts at a price of $649, and Google is working with exclusively
with Verizon Communications in the United States, Google executives said at a
launch event in San Francisco.

The string of announcements, including a new Wifi router and its voice activated
digital assistant for the living room, "Home," is the clearest sign yet that
Google intends to compete directly with Apple, Amazon.com and even its own
Android mobile operating system customers to create a system of devices and
hardware that meet every digital need.

The Pixel also represents a more hands-on policy by Google. Google lets Android
device makers modify software almost without limit, which has helped make
Android the most-used mobile operating system in the world. But company
executives boasted that the Pixel was developed in-house from start to finish.

Google's decision to launch with a single carrier echoes Apple's agreement to
launch the original iPhone with AT&T, a deal that gave Apple unprecedented
control over the look of the phone and how it worked.

Google has for years toyed with various approaches to building its own hardware
without alienating manufacturers such as Samsung Electronics, the world's top
smartphone maker. Google has sold another line of phones, called Nexus, since
2010, but the devices have gained little traction.

Google also announced a "Daydream View" virtual reality headset, which will be
available in November for $79, in time for the end-of-year shopping season. Home
will be available for $129, including a six-month trial of ad-free YouTube.

Pixel phones will come in black, blue and silver and will have 5 and 5.5 inch
(12.7 cm and 14 cm) screens. It will have what Google called the best-rated
camera on the market and will be able to get a 7-hour charge in 15 minutes.
Pre-orders begin on Tuesday.

Because its mobile software is available so widely, Google has struggled to
distinguish its own devices, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research.

Google "wants to have this end-to-end experience, but it's not clear that people
really want that," Dawson said.

The Home device represents an important move in an intensifying battle between
Google and other major tech players to establish the dominant "digital
assistant."

Google Assistant, Amazon's Alexa and Apple's Siri are vying for supremacy as
more people search the web and make purchases online through voice commands,
which may eventually supplant keyboards and touchscreens as the primary means of
controlling some digital devices.

The post Google takes on Apple with new Pixel phone, Home assistant appeared
first on Cyprus Mail.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/41/70/1/147560757323.jpg

The Google Pixel phone

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 70


               Copyright 2016 Cyprus Mail - Cyprus Mail Co. Ltd.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

'Made by Goodgle' Oct 5 Five big expectations

BYLINE: Karishma Modhy

LENGTH: 501  words


All things Google: A look at all we can expect from the company's big event on
5th October

Google is prepping for an event that is scheduled for 5th October. The company
is expected to unveil a range of new smartphones, laptops, a smart-home device,
and a new virtual reality platform. Though we cannot be sure of what exactly the
company will take the wraps off, here's a breakdown of the goodies likely to
come our way.

1. So long, Nexus: Enter 'Pixel'

Google has left the Nexus brand behind, and will announce a new lineup of
devices called Pixel. Two new smartphones are expected to be announced at the
event - Pixel and Pixel XL. The phones are allegedly going to be built by HTC
and Huawei. The former will sport a 5-inch display, replacing the LG Nexus 5X,
while the latter should have a 5.5-inch display, which will replace the Huawei
Nexus 6P released last year. Rumours suggest the Pixel smartphone lineup will
include top-notch specifications such as 4GB of RAM, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor, 12MP cameras along with fast-charging batteries. And yes, both
devices will run their new Android 7.1 Nougat OS.

Along with smartphones, Google may also unveil a Huawei-built 7-inch Android
tablet. Serial tipster Evan Blass stated that a Google tablet built by Huawei
with 4GB RAM is "on track for release before the end of the year."

Lastly, Google may unveil a new ultra-portable 'Pixel' laptop. This device could
be based on an Intel m3 or i5 Core processor with 32GB or 128GB of solid state
storage and 8GB or 16GB of RAM. It is also slated to have a fingerprint sensor,
stereo speakers, quad microphones, a backlit keyboard, and a glass trackpad.

2. Replacing Cardboard:  Daydream VR

Google announced a VR platform in May

this year, called Daydream. However, only sparse details were shared back then.
As the platform has now stepped out of beta and is open to developers, we can
expect a lot more

information regarding Daydream VR, which is intended to offer a high-quality
virtual reality experience.

3. Smart home gear: Google Home

Google Home, which would rival Amazon's Echo and Apple's HomeKit was announced
at Google I/O this year. The device will integrate speakers, a microphone and a
WiFi router and would be the company's first venture into AI-powered smart-home
gear. Google is expected to unveil a 'companion' device for Google Home which is
a WiFi router. It will link together wireless devices within the domestic
context.

4. A new OS: Andromeda

According to the rumour mill, Google may now step into the desktop OS space with
Andromeda, an intriguing combination of Chrome and Android OS. The Huawei-made
tablet and Pixel 3 laptop may just be the first candidates to run Andromeda OS.

5. A new Google Chromecast

Rumoured to be called Chromecast Plus or the Chromecast Ultra, Google's upgraded
streaming media player should now have 4K support. The device is expected to be
priced higher than the original Chromecast, at $69 (approximately Rs 4,600)

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Google's Pixel XL Takes On The iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 219  words


The handset features a Quad HD OLED screen and 12-megapixel camera.

If you like plus size phones, Google has you covered with its Pixel XL
smartphone. Just like its younger sibling, the Pixel XL features metal and glass
construction. The phone boasts of Pixel Imprint, which is Google's way of saying
fingerprint sensor. Thanks to its bigger footprint, the Pixel XL packs-in a
bigger 3450 mAh battery compared to that of the Pixel.

The handset sports a 5.5-inch Quad HD AMOLED screen. Now that's quite a pixel
packed screen when compared to the iPhone 7 Plus. The Pixel XL is powered by the
Snapdragon 821 chipset with 4 GB RAM. In the photography department, you get a
12-megapixel main camera with EIS (Electronic Image Stabilisation). For selfies,
there's an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The phone supports 4G VoLTE, which
means that it is compatible with Reliance Jio network. Other connectivity
essentials include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, and A-GPS. On the software front, the
phone will ship with Android 7.1 Nougat.

The Google Pixel XL will come in Quite Black, Very Silver, and Really Blue. The
32 GV version is pegged at $769 (approx Rs 51,000), while the 128 GB variant
will set you back for $869 (roughly Rs 58,000). The device is up for pre-order
in the US, Canada, Germany, and Australia starting today.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       July 28, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

India's First Online Order of Lava Pixel v1 Delivered Within 2 Hours

LENGTH: 396  words


July 28 -- The MobileStore Ltd. India's largest smartphone retailer has just
launched the Lava pixel v1 with Android One through FED: Fastest Expert Delivery
advantage by partnering with Google on (www.android.com/one/india/), where those
looking to purchase the latest Lava pixel v1 online can buy it through The
MobileStore FED Service that delivers the phone at your doorstep or your office
within two hours. An avid Android One fan became the first person to own the
Lava pixel v1 in India through The MobileStore FED Service wherein the phone was
delivered to his office within two hours of its launch. The MobileStore's FED:
Fastest Expert Delivery service is an innovative solution from The MobileStore
that drives customer intimacy through proximity, making a 3 to 5 days wait
period to receive a mobile phone after making an online purchase history.

Such has been the popularity of the FED service by The MobileStore that Google
will divert people who are searching for the Lava pixel v1 handset to a
dedicated page with a 'Buy Now' option, which when clicked upon will showcase
The MobileStore's FED: Fastest Expert Delivery service that promises to deliver
your smartphone within 2 hours. The Lava pixel v1 is also available offline
across 400 plus outlets of The MobileStore spread across India with the added
advantage of buying at its online price!

The Lava pixel v1 smartphone is backed by Google's Android One that means you
will get the latest operating system updates from Google instantly. The Lava
pixel v1 is already loaded with Android 5.0 Lollipop, but Lava pixel v1 owners
can expect a sweeter treat in the form of Android 5.1 version of lollipop!

The Lava pixel v1 smartphone that's ultra sleek and compact in design is powered
by a Quad Core 1.3 GHz Processor, runs on Android One based on Android 5.0
Lollipop, and has a 5.5 Inch HD IPS Display TFT Capacitive Touch Screen. The
Lava pixel v1 comes with an 8MP Front Camera and a 13 MP Rear Camera with
Backside Illumination (BSI) LED Flash that improves its performance in
low-light. It's also equipped with 32 GB Internal Memory which can be further
extended up to 32 GB, a 2 GB RAM, and a 2,650 mAh.

The Lava pixel v1 is now available through The MobileStore FED service through
the Google Android One web portal, and Offline at 400 plus outlets of The
MobileStore across the country.

Source: Essar Power

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - as
well as several other new pieces of hardware

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 553 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting on October 4.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

And with just a day to go, the cat looks to be well and truly out of the bag
thanks to Carphone Warehouse. The UK retailer has inadvertently listed pictures
and details of the upcoming phones.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The event itself is being held in San Francisco and kicks off at 9am Pacific
Standard Time.

Over here in the UK, that equals 5pm in British Summer Time.

The event will be live-streamed on YouTube for any of those who can't make it
over to San Francisco in person.

Along with the two new smartphones, Google is going to try and push further into
your home with its other new kit.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

First up is expected to be a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

Amazon Echo smart speaker goes on sale in the UK - and Apple's already planning
a rival

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK, which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google's new Pixel smartphone marks start of new era in computing'

LENGTH: 527  words


Google has revealed its new own-built smartphone, Pixel, which the tech giant
says has been created with artificial intelligence at its centre.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into its software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program which is designed to understand context in conversations
and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, and comes in both a 5in
and 5.5in size, the latter known as the Pixel XL.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and is the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived, and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"Ten years later in the mid-2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

The Pixel will start at £599 in the UK, with the larger Pixel XL at £719.

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision aimed at replicating the type of materials
used in other wearable products.

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

The tech giant's popular Chromecast streaming device has also been updated to
now support 4K definition for the first time, as well as high dynamic range
(HDR) content, which offers better picture quality.

The new Chromecast Ultra will cost £69 when it launches later this year.

Google also introduced a range of new products aimed at creating a "smart home".

This included Google WiFi, a new system of small WiFi receivers placed around a
home to build a network that will improve signal, the internet company said.

The system will also enable users to control access to the internet - for
example, to turn off WiFi during meal times.

As expected, the firm's smart speaker which aims to rival Amazon's
recently-launched Echo was also unveiled.

Google Home is voice-controlled and can be used to manage and control other
smart appliances, as well as using artificial intelligence to answer questions.

However, both Google Home and WiFi are yet to be given UK release dates, though
the tech company did confirm plans to bring both systems to British customers in
the future.

l

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 3, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of Google Inc titled as "Determining Image
Alignment Failure"

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140176731, published on June 26, 2014, by Google Inc, titled as "Determining
Image Alignment Failure" for the registration of patent.

Inventors: Geiss; Ryan; (San Jose, CA)
Assignee: Google Inc.
Mountain View
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
first set of pixels of a short exposure image and a second set of pixels of a
long exposure image may be obtained. The short exposure image may have been
captured using a short total exposure time (TET) and the long exposure image may
have been captured using a long TET. The long TET may be greater than the short
TET. The first set of pixels and the second set of pixels may be aligned. A
first pixel value of a first pixel in the first set of pixels and a second pixel
of a second pixel in the second set of pixels value may be compared. Based on
the comparison, an alignment error value for the first pixel and the second
pixel may be determined. Based at least on the alignment error value, an output
image may be provided."

The Patent was filed on December 20, 2012 under application No. 20140176731

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 22, 2014 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of GOOGLE INC titled as "IMAGING DEVICE WITH
A PLURALITY OF PIXEL ARRAYS"

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140078333, published on March 20, 2014, by GOOGLE INC, titled as "IMAGING
DEVICE WITH A PLURALITY OF PIXEL ARRAYS" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Miao; Xiaoyu; (Sunnyvale, CA)
Assignee:   GOOGLE INC.
Mountain View
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
imaging device includes a first pixel array arrange to capture a first image and
a second pixel array arranged to capture a second image. The first pixel array
and the second pixel array face substantially a same direction. The imaging
device also includes shutter control circuitry which is coupled to the first
pixel array to initiate a first exposure period of the first pixel array to
capture the first image. The shutter control circuitry is also coupled to the
second pixel array to initiate a second exposure period of the second pixel
array to capture the second image. The imaging device also includes processing
logic coupled to receive first pixel data of the first image and coupled to
receive second pixel data of the second image. The processing logic is
configured to generate at least one image using the first pixel data and the
second pixel data."

The Patent was filed on September 19, 2012 under application No. 20140078333

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Search giant to phone in

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NATIONWORLD; 13

LENGTH: 710 words



HIGHLIGHT: Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics
giants like Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones
called Pixel and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company
calls "Google Assistant."


SAN FRANCISCO -- Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics
giants like Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones
called Pixel and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company
calls "Google Assistant."

The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own
hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At
a starting price of roughly $650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same
markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones.

Gadgets on parade

During a press event Tuesday, Google executives showed off a series of gadgets
in rapid succession. Its new Home device is a sleek internet-connected speaker
that's designed to respond to voice commands, like Amazon's popular Echo. A new
virtual reality headset called Daydream View will work with the new Pixel phones
and other devices based on Google's Android software. The company also unveiled
a new Wi-Fi router and an update to the company's Chromecast streaming media
device.

In announcing the new Pixel phones, Google executives touted features like a
powerful camera, a long-lasting battery -- and a dedicated headphone jack, which
Apple recently eliminated from its latest iPhones. The Pixel phones will be sold
in two screen sizes -- 5 inches and 5.5 inches -- and three colors: black,
silver and blue.

But they're clearly hoping the new Pixel phones and other devices will be
distinguished by their use of Google's software. A central element of all the
new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to
deliver what CEO Sundar Pichai described as "a personal Google for each and
every user."

Hardware and software, back together again

The products announced Tuesday also underscore Google's hope that its products
and services will work better if the company designs its own hardware and
software together -- something Apple has long done.

That's also a model that Microsoft has begun following, with its own brand of
Surface tablets and laptop computers that use Microsoft's Windows software. But
analysts warned that Google runs the risk of alienating partners like Samsung,
LG and other companies that sell competing Android gadgets.

Android now powers the majority of smartphones sold around the world.

But Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones, has increasingly been adding
more of its own software -- even its own Samsung Pay mobile wallet -- on the
phones it sells. Another big rival, Apple, has built its own services, such as
online maps and its own Siri personal assistant, to replace Google's apps on the
iPhone.

Google, which is best known for its widely used internet search engine, makes
most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it's putting more
emphasis on hardware as it competes for consumers' attention with other leading
tech firms.

In recent years, Google has sold smartphones and tablets under the Nexus brand,
which it launched in 2010 as a way to show off the best features of its Android
software. But it put relatively little effort into promoting those devices,
which have mostly ended up in the hands of Google purists.

The new Pixel phones will be sold online, through retail chains like Best Buy
and various wireless carriers around the world, although the company said it has
an exclusive deal with Verizon in the United States.

Home, but not alone

Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant
service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play
music or perform other useful tasks. Google Assistant is the company's answer to
similar concierge services from rivals, including Siri, Amazon's Alexa and
Microsoft's Cortana.

Google said the Home device will sell for roughly $130 online and at electronics
retailers starting next month. Along with answering questions and playing music,
the device can be used to control streaming video through Google's Chromecast
device, at voice command.

Home-based systems like the Echo are taking on more importance as voice
technology has improved, said analyst Julie Ask of Forrester Research. "You
can't assume somebody is going to go sit down at a computer or pick up a phone
and type in a question anymore," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Google ties up with HTC for aftersales service of Pixel smartphones

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 427 words


NEW DELHI: Google has tied up with HTC to offer aftersales service of its Pixel
smartphone in 30 cities in the country and will sell the device through more
than 1,000 retail outlets as it looks to take on Apple's iPhone 7 this festive
season.

Google Pixel may prove the biggest challenge to the latest iPhone in the world's
fastest growing yet most competitive smartphone market this season as top
handset maker Samsung won't sell the Galaxy Note 7, having stopped production
and global sales due to reports of some replacement devices catching fire, and
the internet giant looks set for its most aggressive play in India yet.

"We have partnered with HTC India for after sales service in 56 walk-in service
centres in over 30 cities," a Google spokesperson said. "Redington India is our
national distributor for all channels in India."

A toll free customer care number will handle customer queries, the spokesperson
said.

All Pixel phones will be made by HTC and will be imported into India, although
HTC gets its own smartphones assembled in Noida facility of contract
manufacturer Optiemus-Wistron.

While Google will sell the phones on its own, it will piggyback on HTC's retail
network as well. Pixel will be sold through seven large format store chains
including Vijay Sales, Croma, Reliance Digital, Jumbo, Spice Mobility, Poorvika
and Sangeetha Mobiles across the country.

Online pre-bookings and sales will be done through Flipkart. Google introduced
the 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL smartphones earlier this month, with
pre-orders in India slated to begin on October 13 and deliveries planned for the
month end.

The company, which has traditionally let hardware companies LG and Huawei take
the forefront for selling and marketing its previous Nexus range of phones
alongside branding on the device, has changed its strategy significantly.

"Pixel is surely a shift from its traditional strategy only with the role
reversals between Google and its partner," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at
Counterpoint Research. One of the reasons Google ventured into hardware is that
it wants to position its AI (artificial intelligence) as the next big
differentiator in smartphone space, which might get lost if it lets other
handset makers market the same at least for the initial product, Pathak
said.Analysts point out that sales in the premium smartphone segment are
dependent on shelf space a product occupies across different points of sale as
consumers want to touch and feel the product before purchasing an expensive
phone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Google's 7-inch tablet in works under Huawei

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 297 words


NEW DELHI: China-based Huawei, which worked with Google on the Nexus 6P
smartphone, might well be manufacturing the next series of tablets for the
search giant. According to popular tipster Evan Blass, Huawei is working on the
Nexus tablet with a 7-inch display. Ironically, an Asus-made 7-inch Nexus tablet
already exists, which was launched back in 2012 with a revamped version launched
in 2013. Blass adds that the Huawei-made 7-inch tablet will feature a 4GB RAM,
an extra gigabyte more than the one used in the 2012 version.

The device is rumoured to be releases this year itself.The tipster has connoted
the device as "Google's Huawei-built 7-inch tablet" and not a 'Nexus'. Hence we
may expect a 'Pixel' moniker to the tablet on the lines of the Pixel C. In
addition, it will be the first tab to come with the Android 7.0 Nougat out of
the box. Pixel C and Nexus 9 are the other two tabs eligible for the latest
Android OS.Last year in December, Tech Time website reported a few features
about the tablet. Then too, Huawei was said to be working with Google on the
device. Rumoured under-the-hood specifications of the device include, a Huawei
Kirin 950 processor and a 2560x1800 pixel display resolution.Although the
Mountain View-based Google hasn't mentioned anything about the release date of
the tablet, it would most likely arrive alongside the rumoured Pixel and Pixel
XL smartphones being developed by HTC. Pixel XL (or HTC Marlin) recently showed
up on the mobile benchmarking website GeekBench. As per the listing, the
smartphone will run on the Android Nougat Manufacturer Release 1 (Android NMR1)
and will feature a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, likely to be the
Snapdragon 820 processor. It would also feature a 4GB RAM.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

'Made By Google' event on October 4: Five big expectations!

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 530  words


Google has sent out invites to an October 4 event in San Francisco.

Google is gearing up for an exciting event, which is scheduled for October at
San Francisco. The company is expected to unveil new smartphones, a smart-home
device along with a new virtual reality platform. Though we cannot be sure of
what the company will show off, here's a breakdown of what we can expect from
Google.

So long, Nexus: Enter 'Pixel'

Google has left the Nexus brand behind, and will announce a new line up of
devices called, Pixel. Two new smartphones are expected to be announced at the
event - Pixel and Pixel XL. The phones are supposed to be built by HTC and
Huawei. The former will sport a 5-inch display, replacing the LG Nexus 5X while
the latter, sports a 5.5-inch display, which will replace the Huawei Nexus 6P,
released last year. Rumours suggest the Pixel smartphone line up to include
top-notch specifications such as 4GB of RAM, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processors,
12MP cameras along with fast-charging batteries. Both devices will run Android
7.1 Nougat respectively.

Along with smartphones, Google could unveil a Huawei-built 7-inch Android
tablet. Serial tipster Evan Blass, stated that a Google tablet built by Huawei
with 4GB RAM is "on track for release before the end of the year."

Lastly, Google may unveil a new ultra-portable 'Pixel' laptop. This device could
be based on an Intel m3 or i5 Core processor with 32GB or 128GB of storage and
8GB or 16GB of RAM. It is also slated to have a fingerprint sensor, stereo
speakers, quad microphones, a backlit keyboard, and a glass trackpad
respectively.

Replacing Google Cardboard: Daydream VR

Google announced a VR platform in May this year, called Daydream. However, no
in-depth details were shared. As the platform has now stepped out of beta, and
is open to developers, we can expect a lot more information regarding Daydream
VR, which is intended to offer high-quality virtual reality experience. It will
replace Google Cardboard.

Smart-home gear: Google Home

Google Home, which would rival Amazon's Echo, Microsoft's Cortana and Apple's
HomeKit was announced at Google I/O this year. The device will be available with
integrated speakers, a microphone and a WiFi router. This would be the company's
first venture into AI-powered smart-home decor. Reports suggest the device is
priced at $129 (approximately Rs 8,600). In addition, Google is expected to
unveil a 'companion' device for Google Home which is a WiFi router. It would
retail for at $129 (approximately Rs 8,500) and will link together larger
wireless networks.

New OS, Andromeda

According to the rumour mill, Google will now step into the desktop OS space
with Andromeda, a powerhouse combination of Chrome and Android OS. It is named
after a stilted combination of Android and Chrome, with a da. The Huawei-made
tablet and Pixel 3 laptop may run Andromeda OS.

Next version: Google Chromecast

Rumoured to be called Chromecast Plus or the Chromecast Ultra, Google's new
digital-media player will include 4K support. It will also allow you to stream
Ultra HD content. The device will be much more expensive than the original
Chromecast, priced at $69 (approximately Rs 4,600)

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                               Bangalore Edition

Google Pixel to Hit Shop Shelves, Ecomm Today

SECTION: BRANDS &AMP; COMPANIES

LENGTH: 375 words


Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through a number
of multi-brand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the plunge
into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from '57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday.

It will go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this
month, besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean major is pushing
after the Galaxy Note 7 debacle.

The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be available on Flipkart and across
organised and multi-brand retail stores including Bajaj Electronics, Croma,
Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital, Sangeetha and Vijay Sales, the company
said in a statement on Monday.

Google entered the mobile space with its Nexus series of

smartphones where it partnered with other manufacturers such as Samsung, Asus,
HTC, LG and Huawei for design and input.

But the company did not market the devices and did not attach its own branding.

Google Pixel, however, is fully conceptualised and produced by Google, and the
company is going all out to promote the device, including a 360 degree marketing
and branding campaign, a strategy that it had not adopted before.

The EMI plans start at '3,167 per month on credit cards issued by Axis Bank,
Citibank, HDFC Bank, HSBC, ICICI Bank, IndusInd Bank, Kotak Bank, RBL, SBI,
Standard Chartered, UBI and Yes Bank.Bajaj Finserv is offering zero processing
fee.

The Pixel comes with a builtin smart Google Assistant, with an 'aerospace-grade'
aluminium body and Corning Gorilla Glass 4 on the front display and back glass,
which also features a fingerprint sensor.

The phone includes a 12.3MP rear camera and an 8MP front camera, capable of
low-light photography.

Packed in with the latest Android operating system, Android 7.1 Nougat, Pixel
phones will also get software and security updates as they are made available
from Google.

Pre-installed with Google Allo and Duo, the phone is available in 5-inch and
5.5-inch and in two colours -Quite Black and Very Silver -with memory of 32 GB
and 128 GB sizes.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                               Bangalore Edition

Google Pixel to Hit Shop Shelves, Ecomm Today

SECTION: BRANDS &AMP; COMPANIES

LENGTH: 375 words


Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through a number
of multi-brand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the plunge
into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from '57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday.

It will go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this
month, besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean major is pushing
after the Galaxy Note 7 debacle.

The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be available on Flipkart and across
organised and multi-brand retail stores including Bajaj Electronics, Croma,
Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital, Sangeetha and Vijay Sales, the company
said in a statement on Monday.

Google entered the mobile space with its Nexus series of

smartphones where it partnered with other manufacturers such as Samsung, Asus,
HTC, LG and Huawei for design and input.

But the company did not market the devices and did not attach its own branding.

Google Pixel, however, is fully conceptualised and produced by Google, and the
company is going all out to promote the device, including a 360 degree marketing
and branding campaign, a strategy that it had not adopted before.

The EMI plans start at '3,167 per month on credit cards issued by Axis Bank,
Citibank, HDFC Bank, HSBC, ICICI Bank, IndusInd Bank, Kotak Bank, RBL, SBI,
Standard Chartered, UBI and Yes Bank.Bajaj Finserv is offering zero processing
fee.

The Pixel comes with a builtin smart Google Assistant, with an 'aerospace-grade'
aluminium body and Corning Gorilla Glass 4 on the front display and back glass,
which also features a fingerprint sensor.

The phone includes a 12.3MP rear camera and an 8MP front camera, capable of
low-light photography.

Packed in with the latest Android operating system, Android 7.1 Nougat, Pixel
phones will also get software and security updates as they are made available
from Google.

Pre-installed with Google Allo and Duo, the phone is available in 5-inch and
5.5-inch and in two colours -Quite Black and Very Silver -with memory of 32 GB
and 128 GB sizes.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

New image of the Google Pixel leaks

LENGTH: 148  words


Here is a look at Google's next flagship phone

With Google's October 4th event just around the corner, leaks have already
started to make its rounds around the web. A new leak recently shows what could
be Google's next flagship Pixel smartphone.

The new leak is what appears to be an official image of the Google Pixel, which
also confirms that the Pixel and its bigger brother Pixel XL will be unveiled at
the October 4th event. The leak shows a device which is allegedly the Pixel and
not the Pixel XL. The phone appears to be a very minimalist device with large
bezels and buttons such as power and volume rockers on the right side of the
device.

If the rumors are true, the smaller device is expected to start at $649, which
would set the bar of the Pixel lineup higher than the Nexus brand. Both devices
are expected to initially launch on Verizon and as unlocked devices in the US.

Source

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Google Pixel smartphone pre-order begins; India among 1st six countries to get
it

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 13 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Google's much-awaited Pixel - a new premium device completely designed by the
tech giant with Google Assistant built right-in is available for pre-order in
India from Thursday onwards.


 With an aim to lead the world of smartphones with its artificial intelligence
(AI)-based technology, Google had launched Pixel early this month.
 India is among the first six countries where Pixel is being launched. Starting
at Rs, 57,000, it will be available for pre-order in India on e-tailer website
Flipkart and at over 1,000 plus multi-brand retail stores, including Reliance
Digital, Croma and Vijay sales, among others.
 Flipkart has tweeted:
 The launch also ended the Nexus branding under which the company has always
released phones in partnership with other original equipment manufacturers like
LG (for Google Nexus 5) and Huawei (for Google Nexus 6P).
 Pixel is first smartphone with Google Assistant - a built-in AI programme that
works as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator.
 With the Google Assistant, users can have a natural conversation with Google to
find answers or get things done on the go. Say "Ok Google" or touch and hold the
Home button and the Assistant is ready to help.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Google Inc titled as "Structure
Descriptors for Image Processing"

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140198987, published on July 17, 2014, by Google Inc, titled as "Structure
Descriptors for Image Processing" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Hasinoff; Samuel William; (Mountain View, CA) ; Zhou; Changyin;
(Mountain View, CA)
Assignee:   Google Inc.
Mountain View
CA


According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
structure descriptor for an m.times.n pixel block of an image may be determined.
The m.times.n pixel block may contain a primary pixel having a primary pixel
value and a plurality of secondary pixels having respective secondary pixel
values. The structure descriptor may include a plurality of structure indicators
each associated with a respective secondary pixel. The respective structure
indicators may be based on the primary pixel value and the respective secondary
pixel value of the associated secondary pixel. Based on the structure
descriptor, a structure value for the m.times.n pixel block may be determined.
Based on the structure value, image processing may be applied to the m.times.n
pixel block."

The Patent was filed on January 17, 2013 under application No. 20140198987

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Google Inc titled as "Structure
Descriptors for Image Processing"

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140198987, published on July 17, 2014, by Google Inc, titled as "Structure
Descriptors for Image Processing" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Hasinoff; Samuel William; (Mountain View, CA) ; Zhou; Changyin;
(Mountain View, CA)
Assignee:   Google Inc.
Mountain View
CA


According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
structure descriptor for an m.times.n pixel block of an image may be determined.
The m.times.n pixel block may contain a primary pixel having a primary pixel
value and a plurality of secondary pixels having respective secondary pixel
values. The structure descriptor may include a plurality of structure indicators
each associated with a respective secondary pixel. The respective structure
indicators may be based on the primary pixel value and the respective secondary
pixel value of the associated secondary pixel. Based on the structure
descriptor, a structure value for the m.times.n pixel block may be determined.
Based on the structure value, image processing may be applied to the m.times.n
pixel block."

The Patent was filed on January 17, 2013 under application No. 20140198987

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Google's Chromebook Pixel is a mysterious beast

BYLINE: The New York Times

LENGTH: 877 words


New York: The Chromebook Pixel computer, a made-by-Google exercise in staggering
specs, was first released in 2013 as the top-of-the-line Chromebook, a laptop
that runs Google's Chrome operating system. Most Chromebooks sell for $250 to
$500, but the Pixel came out at an eye-popping $1,300.



The original Pixel included mostly top-of-the-line technology and some indulgent
impracticalities, like an extremely high-resolution multi-touch display. Yet it
was burdened with outdated connection ports, mediocre battery life and a
Web-only operating system that baffled some users.

Now, the second-edition Chromebook Pixel has arrived. It's just as confounding
as the first, and, oddly, just as appealing. The second-generation Pixel, like
the original, is made of squared-off aluminum. And it has a complete lack of
visible screws and vents. It feels solid - too solid, in fact, at a beefy 3.3
pounds.

Its high-resolution screen has higher pixel density than an Apple Retina
display, and it's still a touch screen. That's a novelty that you'll rarely use,
unless you need to pinch and zoom, in which case it's unbelievably useful. (But
then you'll need to immediately reach for a chamois to wipe down the display.)

In terms of speed and power, the Pixel is impressive, to say the least. It comes
in two models, and Google refers to the higher-priced version as the 'LS' model,
short for Ludicrous Speed. Those prices are a bit lower than they were for the
previous version, but the Pixel is still an expensive laptop at $1,000 for the
base model and $1,300 for the faster one.

The Chrome operating system has matured to where it's not only usable but feels
somewhat similar to the Mac or Windows operating system, as long as you
primarily use your laptop for email and Web surfing.
Its battery life is said to be greatly improved -- about 12 hours of consistent
use, according to Google. And in a cute touch, a strip on the laptop's cover
displays how much power is left if you tap on it while the lid is closed.

Certain other quirks will take getting used to or might never be considered
valuable. For example, Google has replaced the caps lock key with a dedicated
search key on its otherwise excellent keyboard. The keyboard, by the way, is
backlit -- and the light fades when you take your hands off it and comes up
again when you come close.

But all of that said, the Pixel is not really meant to be a device for the
masses to buy; its specs, its price and its usability aren't really the goals.
It is, by Google's own dmission, a device meant to test and demonstrate
improvements that could eventually find their way into cheaper Chromebooks --
whether those are outward-facing hardware improvements like better trackpads or
power efficiencies that lead to longer battery life.


In the case of the second-generation Pixel, the big, flashy proof-of-concept
feature is its all-in-one connection port, known as USB Type-C (try typing that
without a caps lock key).

The new connection replaces not only older USB ports, but also the power input
and display-out ports commonly found on laptops. It can charge, transfer data
and power an external display, all in one.

The USB Type-C port had a bit of a coming-out party this week, since it's also
featured on the new MacBook that Apple announced - a machine so tiny it has room
for only one port and a headphone jack.

Unlike Apple, Google put two USB Type-C ports on the Pixel, one on either side.
That lets you charge the device from either side, which is nice when you're
traveling and don't know where the power outlet will be. But it also lets you
attach external devices and charge at the same time.

The new connection standard is interesting all on its own. Google says it
supports fast charging, so the Pixel can gain two hours of juice from being
plugged in for just 15 minutes. USB Type-C plugs are reversible, so you can't
insert them the wrong way, which means they last longer than previous
connectors, which tend to get damaged from repeatedly being shoved in the wrong
way. And the new USB connector has higher power capacity than
previous-generation USB connectors, so it can be used to charge devices big and
small.

That means that if, as Apple, Google and many other companies are hoping, USB
Type-C eventually becomes standard across the industry, you could use the same
charger to power any phone, any tablet and even any laptop. That would be a huge
improvement. While most non-Apple phones use standard micro-USB cables to
charge, laptop chargers come in every shape, size and expensive-to-replace
variation.

So at the end of the day, Google doesn't really care if you buy a Pixel. (Let's
be honest, it's doing fine without a marginal number of laptop sales thrown on
the pile.) A few die-hard Chrome fans will get it, and it will be a great
executive giveaway.

If you are looking for a minimalist laptop that requires an odd little
collection of adapters and dongles, the new MacBook is a heck of a lot lighter
and, hey, it comes in gold.

But as a technology platform and a demonstration of tech we might all be using
in the somewhat near future, the Pixel impresses. Now, where did I put that
chamois?

Written by Molly Wood /The New York Times News Service
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2015

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2015 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Google's Chromebook Pixel is a mysterious beast

BYLINE: The New York Times

LENGTH: 877 words


New York: The Chromebook Pixel computer, a made-by-Google exercise in staggering
specs, was first released in 2013 as the top-of-the-line Chromebook, a laptop
that runs Google's Chrome operating system. Most Chromebooks sell for $250 to
$500, but the Pixel came out at an eye-popping $1,300.



The original Pixel included mostly top-of-the-line technology and some indulgent
impracticalities, like an extremely high-resolution multi-touch display. Yet it
was burdened with outdated connection ports, mediocre battery life and a
Web-only operating system that baffled some users.

Now, the second-edition Chromebook Pixel has arrived. It's just as confounding
as the first, and, oddly, just as appealing. The second-generation Pixel, like
the original, is made of squared-off aluminum. And it has a complete lack of
visible screws and vents. It feels solid - too solid, in fact, at a beefy 3.3
pounds.

Its high-resolution screen has higher pixel density than an Apple Retina
display, and it's still a touch screen. That's a novelty that you'll rarely use,
unless you need to pinch and zoom, in which case it's unbelievably useful. (But
then you'll need to immediately reach for a chamois to wipe down the display.)

In terms of speed and power, the Pixel is impressive, to say the least. It comes
in two models, and Google refers to the higher-priced version as the 'LS' model,
short for Ludicrous Speed. Those prices are a bit lower than they were for the
previous version, but the Pixel is still an expensive laptop at $1,000 for the
base model and $1,300 for the faster one.

The Chrome operating system has matured to where it's not only usable but feels
somewhat similar to the Mac or Windows operating system, as long as you
primarily use your laptop for email and Web surfing.
Its battery life is said to be greatly improved -- about 12 hours of consistent
use, according to Google. And in a cute touch, a strip on the laptop's cover
displays how much power is left if you tap on it while the lid is closed.

Certain other quirks will take getting used to or might never be considered
valuable. For example, Google has replaced the caps lock key with a dedicated
search key on its otherwise excellent keyboard. The keyboard, by the way, is
backlit -- and the light fades when you take your hands off it and comes up
again when you come close.

But all of that said, the Pixel is not really meant to be a device for the
masses to buy; its specs, its price and its usability aren't really the goals.
It is, by Google's own dmission, a device meant to test and demonstrate
improvements that could eventually find their way into cheaper Chromebooks --
whether those are outward-facing hardware improvements like better trackpads or
power efficiencies that lead to longer battery life.


In the case of the second-generation Pixel, the big, flashy proof-of-concept
feature is its all-in-one connection port, known as USB Type-C (try typing that
without a caps lock key).

The new connection replaces not only older USB ports, but also the power input
and display-out ports commonly found on laptops. It can charge, transfer data
and power an external display, all in one.

The USB Type-C port had a bit of a coming-out party this week, since it's also
featured on the new MacBook that Apple announced - a machine so tiny it has room
for only one port and a headphone jack.

Unlike Apple, Google put two USB Type-C ports on the Pixel, one on either side.
That lets you charge the device from either side, which is nice when you're
traveling and don't know where the power outlet will be. But it also lets you
attach external devices and charge at the same time.

The new connection standard is interesting all on its own. Google says it
supports fast charging, so the Pixel can gain two hours of juice from being
plugged in for just 15 minutes. USB Type-C plugs are reversible, so you can't
insert them the wrong way, which means they last longer than previous
connectors, which tend to get damaged from repeatedly being shoved in the wrong
way. And the new USB connector has higher power capacity than
previous-generation USB connectors, so it can be used to charge devices big and
small.

That means that if, as Apple, Google and many other companies are hoping, USB
Type-C eventually becomes standard across the industry, you could use the same
charger to power any phone, any tablet and even any laptop. That would be a huge
improvement. While most non-Apple phones use standard micro-USB cables to
charge, laptop chargers come in every shape, size and expensive-to-replace
variation.

So at the end of the day, Google doesn't really care if you buy a Pixel. (Let's
be honest, it's doing fine without a marginal number of laptop sales thrown on
the pile.) A few die-hard Chrome fans will get it, and it will be a great
executive giveaway.

If you are looking for a minimalist laptop that requires an odd little
collection of adapters and dongles, the new MacBook is a heck of a lot lighter
and, hey, it comes in gold.

But as a technology platform and a demonstration of tech we might all be using
in the somewhat near future, the Pixel impresses. Now, where did I put that
chamois?

Written by Molly Wood /The New York Times News Service
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2015

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2015 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      October 6, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Android 7.1 Nougat Developer Preview To Be Out Soon

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 308  words


According to sources, Google has confirmed that the developer preview of the new
operating system will be available for Nexus smartphones and Pixel C tablets, by
this year-end.

We have already witnessed that Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones by Google run on
the all new Android 7.1 Nougat operating system, at the recently held
'MadeByGoogle' event. However, Google did not give any details regarding the
roll out of Android 7.1 Nougat to other smartphones. But, it seems, now the
Search Engine giant has confirmed that a developer preview of Android 7.1 Nougat
would be available for Nexus devices and Pixel C, reports Gadgets 360.

This report comes based on the fact that Google recently told Android Police
that the new Developer Preview will be available for Nexus smartphones and Pixel
C tablets by the end of this quarter. This means that, we should soon be able to
witness the preview of the new Android 7.1 Nougat. However, we still are unaware
as to which of the Nexus devices are actually going to receive the update.

Also, adding further on to this, Android Police has recently reported the
changelog of Android 7.1 Nougat, and we can clearly see some of the features
that are Pixel exclusive, such as Pixel Launches, Google Assistant, Smart
Storage, Electronic Image Stabilization 2.0, Solid Navbar Icons, and a brand new
setup and look of the interface, along with others such as new wallpapers and
sounds, and a dynamic calendar date icon.

The change-log also hints us at a couple of non Pixel exclusive features, such
as night-light, fingerprint gestures, circular app icons, and manual storage
manager.

If reading all these excites you, you can definitely wait for the roll-out of
developer preview of Android 7.1 Nougat by this year end, or else, you can
purchase a Pixel smartphone via the pre-order, starting Oct 13 at INR 57,000 and
above.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 12, 2013 Tuesday

Magid on Tech: Google Pixel is amazing piece of vision, but not quite practical
yet

BYLINE: By Larry Magid Daily News columnist

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 487 words


Disclosure: I'm co-director ofConnectSafely.org , a nonprofit Internet safety
organization that receives financial support from Google.

As Web browsing devices go, the Google Pixel is amazing. Its 239-pixel-per-inch,
12.85-inch touchscreen is awesome, and it's marvelous that you can use your
fingers to click on links, pinch to zoom or swipe just like any of the new
Windows 8 touchscreen laptops.

Once you get your hands on the Pixel, you'll probably agree that it's a class
act. Scrolling is smooth, the glass touchpad and backlit keyboard are terrific.
And when you're online, you can browse the Web and Web-based apps with ease. The
pinch-to-zoom feature doesn't work by default but is one of several
"experimental" features that you can enable by entering "chrome: flags" in the
address bar.

I also like that users get a terabyte of cloud storage on Google drive for three
years for free, plus 12 free Gogo Inflight passes. If you truly were in the
market for that much storage or in-flight coupons, you could argue that Pixel is
cheaper than free. Three years of that much storage alone is worth $1,800, and a
dozen Gogo passes are worth another $170.

But most people aren't in the market for that much cloud storage, so for mere
mortals the Pixel's price tag is more than a bit steep for what you get. The 32
GB Wi-Fi-only model costs $1,299, while the LTE version is $1,449.

It may be "worth" that much money if you consider that it's incredibly well
made, but for less, you can get a very nice full-fledged laptop with Mac OS or
Windows 8 that does everything the Pixel can do, as well as run Windows or Mac
applications. Apple's MacBook Air, for example, starts at $999. Plenty of very
nice touchscreen Windows 8 notebooks go for less than the Pixel -- including the
one I use, the Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13, which starts at $999.

All of these devices can run Google Chrome along with hundreds of thousands of
other programs. All have at least 64 gigabytes of storage and all are at least
as light than the Pixel.

At its current price, the Pixel represents a vision, not a practical product.
It's a way for well-heeled consumers to get a glimpse into what a high-end,
well-crafted Chrome notebook might feel like. At home -- where I have a
high-speed Wi-Fi network -- it's a great way to surf the Web, access my Gmail
and edit my Google docs. But once I leave the house, I'm not guaranteed Internet
access -- and even when I have it, there are times when I want to use Mac OS or
Windows programs.

Still, there are highly practical devices for anyone who wants a Chrome laptop.
At $249, Samsung's Chromebook is a bargain. At that price, you can forgive the
fact that it doesn't run Mac or Windows applications. Admittedly, the Pixel is
faster, but at 2.4 pounds, the Chromebook is lighter (the Pixel is 3.3 pounds)
and much cheaper.

Larry Magid's column appears Wednesdays in The Daily News. Email him
atlarry@larrymagid.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Google launches phones, gadgets

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 916 words


SAN FRANCISCO * Google is taking a page from Apple's playbook by making a bigger
push to build its own hardware.

Rick Osterloh, head of Google's new hardware group, said that in doing so,
Google can take full advantage of capabilities it's designing with artificial
intelligence and machine learning. Apple has long designed both iPhone hardware
and the iOS operating-system software that runs on it. Now, Google is doing the
same with the upcoming Pixel phones running Google's Android system.

The Pixel is one of several gadgets Google announced Tuesday in San Francisco.

NEW PHONE, NEW BRANDING, NEW MARKETING

Google's previous phones, dubbed Nexus, had limited distribution.

Now, the company is casting aside the Nexus name in favour of Pixel, a brand
that Osterloh said has "always represented the best of hardware and software
designed by Google." And instead of relying primarily on online orders, as was
the case with Nexus, Google will offer Pixel through Verizon as well, starting
Oct. 20. Advance orders begin Tuesday starting at roughly $650 for the 5-inch
version and $750 for the slightly larger 5.5-inch screen.

One of the advantages Google phones have long had is their quick access to
Android updates. With other phones, individual manufacturers and carriers have
to approve changes, resulting in delays . Google said Verizon will still have to
approve updates for Pixel, but the process will be streamlined and done ahead of
time.

Google promises a spectacular camera and unlimited online storage for phones at
full resolution. When storage space on the phone is low, the Pixel will free up
storage and rely on the online copy. Apple takes a similar approach with its
iCloud Photo Library, though free storage is limited to 5 gigabytes, or a few
thousand photos.

IT'S IN YOUR HEAD

Google's new virtual-reality headset, Daydream View, will differ from other
headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and
compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Pixel.

Daydream is also a challenge to more sophisticated, but expensive systems from
Facebook's Oculus business, HTC and Sony - as well as to Google's own Cardboard
effort.

Cardboard is cheap - available for as little as $15 - but it doesn't offer much
control over VR environments beyond pushing a button on the headset as you move
your head. The new wireless motion controller for Daydream can function like a
fishing rod, a steering wheel or a pointer to permit more sophisticated VR
experiences.

Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for $79. You'll need a
new Android phone , as existing phones won't have the right hardware.

Google also plans to share design guidelines with other manufacturers to make
Daydream headsets and controllers.

AN ECHO OF AMAZON'S ECHO

Google is promoting its new Home smart speaker as a way to access Google's
knowledge - hands free.

Home will be able to perform many of the same tasks as Echo, Amazon's
internet-connected speaker. Both will use voice commands to play music, field
questions and control home appliances - assuming you've installed "smart"
versions of them.

If you're feeling creepy about a speaker listening to your conversations, Google
says you can turn the microphone off.

Home will be available on Nov. 4 for about $130, with advance orders starting
Tuesday. The cylinder-shaped Echo costs $180, though Amazon also sells a smaller
version shaped like a hockey puck that sells for $50.

WHAT ELSE?

Google's new video-streaming device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a
higher-resolution video format called 4K. Larger, more expensive streaming
devices such as the $100 Amazon Fire TV already do that. Ultra will cost $69.

Meanwhile, Google wants to improve Wi-Fi in the home by creating its own router.
The company said people use internet differently now, with games, video chatting
and more on various devices throughout the home. The new Google Wi-Fi system
will cost about $130 for the main device. A three-pack for larger homes will
cost about $300.

BEYOND GOOGLE

Even as it pushes Pixel, Google isn't abandoning the Android system that other
manufacturers can use for free. That means Samsung, LG and others can keep
making their own phones with Google software.

In that sense, Google's approach is more like Microsoft's than Apple's.
Microsoft also has been making hardware through its line of Surface computers
running Windows. That puts Microsoft - and now Google - in the awkward position
of promoting both its own devices and those of rivals that run the company's
software.

BEYOND HARDWARE

Google predicts that artificial intelligence will play a greater role in our
lives. CEO Sundar Pichai said computing is transitioning to an AI -first world,
just as it moved to a mobile-first world just a few years ago.

"Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user," Pichai said.
"We want to build a Google for each user."

Google services along those lines include Google Assistant, software that's
designed to answer questions and retrieve information, conversation-style.
Google Assistant made its debut in a chat app called Allo a few weeks ago. It
will also be part of Home and the new Pixel phones.

The features demonstrated Tuesday seem similar to what Amazon and Apple already
offer with their virtual assistants. Google officials have repeatedly emphasized
that its AI technology is in the early stages - so it remains to be seen what
this new era for Google will lead to. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Times &; Transcript
(Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Google phones, 4k Chromecast, Google Home, VR for October event

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 160 words


Tech giant Google is preparing to announce two new phones, the Pixel and Pixel
XL, as well as a 4K Chromecast, Google Home, and its Daydream VR device during a
special presentation in early October, according to an insider report.

Citing a reliable, unnamed source, Android Police dates the Pixel, a 5 inch
quad-core handset, and the larger and more powerful 5.5in quad-core Pixel XL,
for an October 4 reveal.

The smartphone date was first suggested by Droid Life at the start of August but
the presentation is now understood to provide a wider platform for new Google
products.

Also set for the event are Google Home, a voice-controlled smart home assistant
which debuted at Google I/O in May, a Chromecast media streaming device that
will support 4K ultra HD resolution, and a personal viewer device for its
Daydream VR program (also announced at Google I/O.)

Launch dates and prices for the Pixel phones as well as a location for the
October 4 event are not known.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Yourstory.in

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

The battle of the smartphones: iPhone vs. Pixel

BYLINE: Sanjana Ray

LENGTH: 687  words


The smartphone market evolves at the blink of an eye and the long-standing,
dominant players are getting ready to battle it out on the field. Keeping to the
trend of launching new and innovative products and services, Google recently
launched its new series of smartphones - Pixel. Marking a clear break from their
much sought-after Nexus series, the new range of Pixel phones have prospective
users excited about its highly advanced features - both internal and external -
that are sure to give its major opponents like Apple and Samsung the competition
of a lifetime.

The multi-billion dollar conglomerate has been releasing a series of new
products, which include Google Allo and Google Trips, which have the majority of
the market tilting towards its favour. But Apple is quick to keep up and release
its own set of products with modified features to lure these very same people
back into its lair. The flaming battle between Apple and Android loyalists has
led to many virtual showdowns, but the real question comes down to which of the
two's recent releases fares better in the market - the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus or
the Google Pixel?

Although we do not profess loyalty towards any one company over the other,
here's why we think that Apple's iPhone fares better than the Google Pixel.

Design

Although both the Google Pixel and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus smartphones look
similar in terms of polishing, there are some factors in which the latter
outperforms the former. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have their home buttons at the
bottom of the front screen, and the iPhone 7 weighs a good 20 grams lighter than
the Pixel phone, making it lighter on the pocket (only literally). The new set
of iPhones comes in a variety of unique colours like Jet Black, Matte Black,
Silver, Gold and Rose Gold. The Pixel phones, on the other hand, appear only in
three shades - 'Quite Black', 'Very Silver' and 'Really Blue'.

Water resistance

The natural klutzes that we are, we often get caught in the rain with our phones
in our pockets, or we unconsciously place them on wet counter-tops, only to
realise this after some serious damage. Here, too, Apple traced consumer
behaviour and made the new series water-proof, sparing us the trouble of waiting
for hours and spending a fortune on getting our phones repaired at the service
store. However, Pixel does not offer the same luxury and offers no safeguard to
everyday damages to the smartphone.

Raw power

The iPhone 7 uses a superior A10 fusion processor that the company boasts of as
being "the most powerful chip ever used in a smartphone". According to various
benchmark tests, the A10 processor offers a significantly higher single-core
performance among its competition and a modestly enhanced multi-core
performance. With official records stating that this makes the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus twice as fast as the iPhone 6, the former seems to have an edge in the
market when it comes to raw power. In comparison, the Google Pixel carries a
Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 system-on-a-chip, which, though the company promises a
10 percent improvement in processing speed over the Snapdragon 820 that
smartphones like the One Plus 3 and the HTC 10 currently support, does not seem
to boast of the same core performance speed as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Storage

The new set of iPhones offers a storage package of 32, 128 and 256 GB compared
to the earlier iPhones that began with the set of 16, 32 and 128 GB. In
comparison, the Google Pixel offers a storage package of 32 and 128 GB, tilting
the odds in favour of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, considering the vast amount of
data that everyday users are now privy to save on their devices.

Camera and updates

One of the primary selling features of the iPhone 7 Plus is that it offers a
dual-real-lens camera with a 12 megapixel wide-angle and telephoto features,
with an optical zoom of 2x and digital zoom up to 10x. Although Google Pixel too
offers a 12-megapixel rear camera and has the advantage of an 8-megapixel front
camera, compared to the iPhone's 7-megapixel, it boasts of no dual-lens feature
that has your everyday picture-lovers bouncing in their seats.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Yourstory.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 18, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

'Cadyce Extends USB-C Type Portfolio'

LENGTH: 694  words


Thursday, February 18, 2016: To cope up with the ever changing USB Connectors
technology, Cadyce has already launched USB-C (TM)  Accessories with the latest
USB standard. USB-C (TM)  is the cable of the future and will be used widely to
simplify your life. By using a single type of USB-C connector, wide range of
devices can be connected such as VGA, Ethernet, HDMI and older versions of USB.

USB Type-C will soon be the new standard connector for both charging and data
transfer. Last year, Type-C appeared as a port on a handful of systems,
including the Apple MacBook and Google's new Chromebook Pixel. But, in 2016, we
should see a lot of phones and laptops that use the port. With Type-C onboard,
you can copy files at USB 3.1 speeds, deliver enough power to charge a laptop,
smart phone or tablets.

Now, a global networking solution brand Cadyce announces the addition of new
products in USB-C (TM)  category i.e. Multiport Adapters. These adapters help
user to get friendlier with their C Type devices. The adapters like CA-C3HE
(USB-C (TM) to 3 Port USB 3.0 Hub with Gigabit Ethernet Adapter), CA-CHM (USB-C
(TM)  HDMI Multi-Port Adapter) & CA-CVM (USB-C (TM)  VGA Multi-Port Adapter)
hits the global market soon. With this addition we are expecting to get more
market share as well as consumers.

USB-C (TM) enables integration of every consumer electronic device with the Type
C connectors. USB-C (TM)  will end your frustration. The reversible design means
you'll be able to connect a Type-C cable without worrying about the plug's
orientation or the cable's direction.

Salient Features:-

Smaller Size - The new port is half the width and one-third the height of a
standard USB connector and only slightly larger than Apple's Lightning or the
micro-USB connectors.

Reversible - Unlike older USB cable, it doesn't matter which side is up, with a
Type-C plug, you can insert it either way.

Fast Data Transfer - Type-C ports can transfer data using the blazing speeds of
the latest version of the USB protocol - up to 10 gigabits per second.

Powerful - The new connector can provide up to 100 watts of power, enough to
power a laptop.

Incredible Flexibility - Via adapters, users will be able to connect older
devices to Type-C ports, even devices that use non-USB technologies, like
Display Port, VGA and Ethernet.

Launching Soon

1) CA-C3HE (USB-C (TM)  to 3 Port USB 3.0 Hub with Gigabit Ethernet Adapter) -
CA-C3HE offers extra potential to your USB-C (TM)  enabled device by adding USB
3.0 ports and one Gigabit Ethernet port.

Features:

Compatible with Mac Book and Google new Chrome book Pixel,

Total output of the USB 3.0 ports - 900mA

USB 3.0 super speed (5Gbps) transmission

Downward compatible USB2.0

Simultaneous charging and data transfer

Support 10/100 /1000Mbps bandwidth

Support twisted pair crossover detection and auto-correction

2) CA-CHM (USB-C (TM)  HDMI Multi-Port Adapter) - CA-CHM extends or mirrors your
MacBook or Google Chromebook Pixel's display and provides additional USB 3.0 and
USB-C (TM)  charging port.

Features:

Charge your MacBook / Google new Chromebook Pixel , Google Nexus and many more

Extend / Mirror the display of your MacBook or Google new Chromebook Pixel

Connect standard USB devices to MacBook / Google new Chromebook Pixel

Data transfer speed of 5Gbps

HDMI resolution up to 1080P@60Hz

3) CA-CVM (USB-C (TM) VGA Multi-Port Adapter) - CA-CVM extends or mirrors your
MacBook or Google Chromebook Pixel's display and provides additional USB 3.0 and
USB-C (TM)  charging port.

Features:

Charge your MacBook / Google new Chromebook Pixel, Google Nexus and many more

Extend / Mirror the display of your MacBook or Google new Chromebook Pixel

Connect standard USB devices to MacBook / Google new Chromebook Pixel

Data transfer speed of 5Gbps

VGA resolution up to 1080P@60Hz

Cadyce products are widely accepted in the global market due to their excellent
quality, pre and post sales support, warranty and most important being their
belief in maintaining and developing amiable relationships with their partners.
Today, the innovative range of Cadyce products is a result of rigorous research,
design, innovation, testing and state of the art manufacturing.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Which is best: OnePlus 3 or Google Pixel phone?

BYLINE: David Behrens, Digital Editor

LENGTH: 524  words


WHAT WITH Samsung's latest phone self-combusting in your pocket and airlines
refusing to let you on board if you're carrying one, it's not surprising that
some of us have begin looking elsewhere.

Samsung, along with LG, Sony and, of course, Apple, are still the world's
leading suppliers of smartphones, but the landscape is starting to shift - and
within a year, the market could look very different indeed.

Two new players in particular are attacking the Android (in other words,
non-Apple) segment of the market from both directions, targeting both bargain
hunters and high-end buyers who might otherwise plump for an iPhone. You will
have heard of one of them; the other, perhaps not.

Google is the big name behind the Pixel phone, which has launched in the UK at
Apple-like prices of around £600 for the cheapest option and more than £800 for
the dearest. Google has pioneered and developed the Android platform from
scratch, but the Pixel is the first handset it has made itself.

OnePlus, on the other hand, is a Chinese start-up company in business for just
two-and-a-half years, in which time it has acquired a reputation for quality as
well as value. Its latest offering, the OnePlus 3, offers a specification
comparable to an iPhone for just £330. In fact, with 6GB of memory and a
16-megapixel camera, it's probably more powerful than your desktop computer and
your digital camera combined.

That being the case, what's the attraction of the Google Pixel? If money is your
primary concern, it's not worth a second glance - but for those who want
tomorrow's technology now, this is where you'll find it. Any Android phone will
let you search by voice, but the Pixel is the first to include Google's take on
Apple's Siri, a voice-controlled "digital assistant" that tries to second-guess
what you want to do and offer help. It's a gimmick, clearly, but Americans have
embraced Siri with almost the same blind enthusiasm as they did Donald Trump.

The Pixel also includes support for Daydream, Google's latest attempt at a
virtual reality headset, and they've thrown in unlimited storage on Google
Photos. You will have that already, but not at the same picture quality.

The camera on the Pixel easily outperforms most standalone units, save for the
absence of a proper, optical zoom lens. It will, for instance, take a sequence
of shots in quick succession and select the best ones automatically; it works in
extremely low light, and its lens-blur feature produces stunning, film-like deep
focus effects.

Google developed many of the Pixel's features and for now, it's keeping them to
itself. However, the firm's business model is predicated on getting its services
into as many hands as possible, on every platform - so you don't need a crystal
ball to see a time in the very near future when they will be universal.

In the meantime, the OnePlus 3 is now the clear leader in the middle of the
market. You can buy it direct from the manufacturer, or get it on contract from
the usual operators, for around £35 a month, with no upfront cost. That's a lot
less than an iPhone 7 for not a lot less phone - and not even Siri can argue
with you on that.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                             October 7, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Has Google's search for the perfect phone yielded results?;
Company's new Pixel takes aim squarely at the iPhone as it tries to become a
major player in mobile market

BYLINE: Justin Connolly

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 449 words


IT'S THAT time of year - another week, another hi-tech product launch. This week
it was Google's turn to astound us with some magic, and it pulled it off in a
big way.

The company revealed its own branded smartphone, and announced a host of other
projects.Google has, in the past, sold Nexus phones which have been designed,
built, and branded as being made by other manufacturers.

And while the new phones, called Pixel, are actually made by HTC, they have been
designed by Google engineers, and you won't see HTC's name on them.

It looks very much like the iPhone, and sports similar specs - it comes in two
sizes (a 5in screen or a 5.5in screen), has a 12.3 megapixel camera with an
f/2.0 aperture capable of capturing 4K video, and ties in very tightly with
Google's own services.

Running the very latest version of Android, the phone is also promised two years
of support for future versions of the world's most popular operating system.

The big selling point, though, is the inclusion of the Google Assistant, which
we've already seen a glimpse of in Google's Allo chat app.

The Assistant is kind of like Siri on the iPhone, but has access to a ton of
info Google has gathered over the years.

And the Assistant is also capable iPhone, which is a statement of intent. You
can order now for delivery in "two to three weeks".

Google Home on the HORIZON GOOGLE also firmed up details of its Home device -
essentially an internet-connected speaker that offers access to the Google
Assistant via voice commands.

Home looks very much like a competent alternative to the Amazon Echo, which was
released in the UK last week.

Given, though, that Google hasn't said when, or even if, Home will be available
here, we can hardly call it competition for the Echo just yet.

Daydream VR Headset ONE thing that will be available here is the Daydream VR
headset, which is like a more luxurious version of Google's Cardboard
initiative.

The Daydream headset houses the Pixel phone to allow you to repurpose its
hardware and screen as a VR device, and it comes with a hand-held controller.

Priced at £69, the Daydream VR headset will be available next month - you can
sign up to be notified exactly when at the Google Store website.

CHROMECAST ULTRA ARRIVES FINALLY, Google has also updated its Chromecast device
- that's the dongle that you can plug into your TV to turn it into an internet
connected smart TV, and allows you to stream video from your Android devices to
your big screen.

The biggest update is the addition of support for 4K video, which makes sense
given the Pixel phone's video capabilities.

The Chromecast Ultra will also cost £69, and be available next month. Sign up to
the waiting list at the Google Store.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: of conversation - it remembers what you have asked it, and answers
further questions in thatcontext. It's very clever. The Pixel comes in two
colours (sliver and black), and two storage sizes (32GB or 128GB), and will cost
from £599 for the 5in version, and £719 for the 5.5in version. Add £100 for the
extra storage. Those are not Google-like prices - they are broadly comparable
withMembers of the media examine Google's Pixel phone during the launch event in
San FranciscoGoogle HomeDaydream VR HeadsetGoogle's new Pixel phone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2016 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Daily Report: Google Pixel and the New Long Game

BYLINE: By QUENTIN HARDY

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BITS; Pg.

LENGTH: 461 words


Google has a new smartphone. More than buy it, you may want to watch its
progress.

Brian X. Chen has spent some time with the phone, called the Pixel. His verdict:
It's an underwhelming phone with a lesser-quality camera, but with Samsung's
top-end products off-limits because of exploding batteries, it is a good new
model for people using Android apps.

This is more than just a product review, though, because some of things Mr. Chen
points to say much about the current tech scene, and how hard companies are
fighting to make consumer products with unprecedented amounts of complex
software and hardware. Short version: A successful company has to build a lot of
things quickly, learn from them and adjust the products.

One thing about the phone, the first to carry the Google brand, that Mr. Chen
likes is the way it connects to Project Fi, Google's cheap, high-speed wireless
service. Fi is just getting started, and Google is eager to see how its
commercial device network functions.

One of the things that vexes Mr. Chen is the way Google Assistant, Google's
artificial intelligence-based personal aide, still fails to deliver on the
promise of helping you manage your days. That is surprising, considering how
long Google has used A.I. in other areas, but quality A.I. personalization
requires its own stream of data. Google will get extra information by having its
own phone.

In both these good and bad aspects, the Pixel is working off a much larger
ecosystem of Google endeavors, including the world's largest private network of
computers, and a global sales machine. It's notable that Google's own web page
about the Pixel shows Assistant giving information about the weather in Mumbai.

This ''be everywhere possible'' urgency is, to some extent, playing out at
several consumer companies, and all the companies are experiencing some
shortfalls. Apple's iPhone is a leader, but the company must worry that its
heavy emphasis on consumer privacy and tight control of how the phone is used
limit how much data it gets to improve A.I.

Amazon has repurposed its failed Fire phone into Echo, the smash home device,
but isn't getting much information about people on the go. Microsoft has no
phone, but lots of search technology and some device information from its
laptop, the Surface.

It's telling, perhaps, that while Google remade itself as Alphabet over a year
ago partly to ensure more accountability among divisions, the Pixel is part of
Google, where there is ample cash from search ads.

Google has previously pulled out of misbegotten hardware ventures, like Glass or
the Nexus Q. With the Pixel, or Google Home, its answer to the Echo, Google is
likely to hang in far longer -- watching, learning, adjusting and gathering ever
more data on us.




URL:

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Correction

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              236 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Google launches Pixel smartphone in hardware push

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 268 words


Google on Tuesday unveiled its new Pixel smartphone with artificial intelligence
built in as it directly takes on the iPhone with its own branded, premium-priced
handset.

"We are building hardware with the Google Assistant at its core," said Rick
Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet
giant.

"We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the
intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the center."

Pixel smartphone will be availabile with a five-inch display or a 5.5 inch
display, starting at $649 for US customers, at similar prices to the latest
iPhone models.

Pre-orders began on Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany, Britain, and the
United States.

"It's the first phone made by Google inside and out," said Sabrina Ellis of the
Pixel product management team.

By producing the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct
challenge to Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will
come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with  the
company's new Daydream virtual reality platform.

Pixel also has a special program to make it easy for users to switch operating
systems, say from an iPhone to and Android, by simply transfer contacts, content
and even iMessages, according to Ellis.

Google announced an exclusive deal with US telecom provider Verizon for Pixel
sales. Ellis said the company is working with service providers in other
countries.

The version for sale at Google's online shop is "unlocked" to work with various
carriers..

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     October 20, 2016 Thursday 12:53 PM GMT

Google Pixel smartphone sees Londoners queue from 6am for iPhone 7's new rival;

The web giant have launched a handset with a day-long battery life

BYLINE: MARK BLUNDEN

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 207 words


The first Google Pixel smartphones went on sale in London today - with
enthusiasts queuing from 6am to snap one up.

Shoppers and Google staff packed into a pop-up store inside Currys PC World in
Tottenham Court Road to try out the much-hyped handset.

Londoner Rabi Rafi, 19, was first in the queue after getting up at 5am to ensure
his place, saying he had "not been this excited in a while".

The Pixel and Pixel XL are the first phones to feature Google Assistant and
claim day-long battery life, plus a seven-hour charge after being plugged in for
just 15 minutes.

The 5-inch Pixel costs £599 and the XL an extra £120. Both are available in
silver or black, with either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage.

Read more

Google Pixel: Tech giant unveils new smartphone to rival Apple's iPhone 7

Apple iOS 10 update causes problems for iPhone and iPad users

Apple iPhone 7 unveiled early in Twitter blunder- with waterproof design

Also today, camera giant Kodak announced plans to unveil its new smartphone -
which is aimed at photography enthusiasts and which it says has two
"industry-leading" cameras built in.

The Kodak Ektra will house a 21-megapixel rear camera as well as a 13-megapixel
front-facing camera. It goes on sale in the UK in December for £449.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Liverpool Echo

                            October 31, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Has Google's search for the perfect phone yielded results?;
Company's new Pixel takes aim squarely at the iPhone as it tries to become a
major player in mobile market

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY;NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 514 words


IT'S THAT time of year - another week, another hi-tech product launch. This week
it was Google's turn to astound us with some magic, and it pulled it off in a
big way.

The company revealed its own branded smartphone, and announced a host of other
projects.Google has, in the past, sold Nexus phones which have been designed,
built, and branded as being made by other manufacturers.

And while the new phones, called Pixel, are actually made by HTC, they have been
designed by Google engineers, and you won't see HTC's name on them.

It looks very much like the iPhone, and sports similar specs - it comes in two
sizes (a 5in screen or a 5.5in screen), has a 12.3 megapixel camera with an
f/2.0 aperture capable of capturing 4K video, and ties in very tightly with
Google's own services.

Running the very latest version of Android, the phone is also promised two years
of support for future versions of the world's most popular operating system.

The big selling point, though, is the inclusion of the Google Assistant, which
we've already seen a glimpse of in Google's Allo chat app.

The Assistant is kind of like Siri on the iPhone, but has access to a ton of
info Google has gathered over the years.

And the Assistant is also capable of conversation - it remembers what you have
asked it, and answers further questions in that context. It's very clever.

The Pixel comes in two colours (sliver and black), and two storage sizes (32GB
or 128GB), and will cost from £599 for the 5in version, and £719 for the 5.5in
version. Add £100 for the extra storage. Those are not Google-like prices - they
are broadly comparable with iPhone, which is a statement of intent. You can
order now for delivery in "two to three weeks".

Google Home on the HORIZON GOOGLE also firmed up details of its Home device -
essentially an internet-connected speaker that offers access to the Google
Assistant via voice commands.

Home looks very much like a competent alternative to the Amazon Echo, which was
released in the UK last week.

Given, though, that Google hasn't said when, or even if, Home will be available
here, we can hardly call it competition for the Echo just yet.

Daydream VR Headset ONE thing that will be available here is the Daydream VR
headset, which is like a more luxurious version of Google's Cardboard
initiative.

The Daydream headset houses the Pixel phone to allow you to repurpose its
hardware and screen as a VR device, and it comes with a hand-held controller.

Priced at £69, the Daydream VR headset will be available next month - you can
sign up to be notified exactly when at the Google Store website.

CHROMECAST ULTRA ARRIVES FINALLY, Google has also updated its Chromecast device
- that's the dongle that you can plug into your TV to turn it into an internet
connected smart TV, and allows you to stream video from your Android devices to
your big screen.

The biggest update is the addition of support for 4K video, which makes sense
given the Pixel phone's video capabilities.

The Chromecast Ultra will also cost £69, and be available next month. Sign up to
the waiting list at the Google Store.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the media examine Google's Pixel phone during the launch
event in San FranciscoGoogle HomeDaydream VR HeadsetGoogle's new Pixel phone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LPE


               Copyright 2016 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Has Google's search for the perfect phone yielded results?;
Company's new Pixel takes aim squarely at the iPhone as it tries to become a
major player in mobile market

BYLINE: Justin Connolly

SECTION: SATURDAY EXTRA;NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 514 words


IT'S THAT time of year - another week, another hi-tech product launch. This week
it was Google's turn to astound us with some magic, and it pulled it off in a
big way.

The company revealed its own branded smartphone, and announced a host of other
projects.Google has, in the past, sold Nexus phones which have been designed,
built, and branded as being made by other manufacturers.

And while the new phones, called Pixel, are actually made by HTC, they have been
designed by Google engineers, and you won't see HTC's name on them.

It looks very much like the iPhone, and sports similar specs - it comes in two
sizes (a 5in screen or a 5.5in screen), has a 12.3 megapixel camera with an
f/2.0 aperture capable of capturing 4K video, and ties in very tightly with
Google's own services.

Running the very latest version of Android, the phone is also promised two years
of support for future versions of the world's most popular operating system.

The big selling point, though, is the inclusion of the Google Assistant, which
we've already seen a glimpse of in Google's Allo chat app.

The Assistant is kind of like Siri on the iPhone, but has access to a ton of
info Google has gathered over the years.

And the Assistant is also capable of conversation - it remembers what you have
asked it, and answers further questions in that context. It's very clever.

The Pixel comes in two colours (sliver and black), and two storage sizes (32GB
or 128GB), and will cost from £599 for the 5in version, and £719 for the 5.5in
version. Add £100 for the extra storage. Those are not Google-like prices - they
are broadly comparable with iPhone, which is a statement of intent. You can
order now for delivery in "two to three weeks".

Google Home on the HORIZON GOOGLE also firmed up details of its Home device -
essentially an internet-connected speaker that offers access to the Google
Assistant via voice commands.

Home looks very much like a competent alternative to the Amazon Echo, which was
released in the UK last week.

Given, though, that Google hasn't said when, or even if, Home will be available
here, we can hardly call it competition for the Echo just yet.

Daydream VR Headset ONE thing that will be available here is the Daydream VR
headset, which is like a more luxurious version of Google's Cardboard
initiative.

The Daydream headset houses the Pixel phone to allow you to repurpose its
hardware and screen as a VR device, and it comes with a hand-held controller.

Priced at £69, the Daydream VR headset will be available next month - you can
sign up to be notified exactly when at the Google Store website.

CHROMECAST ULTRA ARRIVES FINALLY, Google has also updated its Chromecast device
- that's the dongle that you can plug into your TV to turn it into an internet
connected smart TV, and allows you to stream video from your Android devices to
your big screen.

The biggest update is the addition of support for 4K video, which makes sense
given the Pixel phone's video capabilities.

The Chromecast Ultra will also cost £69, and be available next month. Sign up to
the waiting list at the Google Store.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the media examine Google's Pixel phone during launch event
in San FranciscoGoogle HomeDaydream VR HeadsetGoogle's new Pixel phone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2016 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 29, 2016 Thursday 12:55 PM GMT

Google Pixel smartphone REVEALED as leaked image of new smartphone hits the web;

Google's answer to the iPhone 7 appears to have been revealed days ahead of the
official announcement

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 263 words


Google has an official announcement slated for October 4 - but it looks like the
internet couldn't wait that long.

The company is widely expected to announce a couple of new smartphones that will
do battle with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. And now a leaked image appears to
have revealed the finished product.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL 2016 release date expected at October 4 event

It was posted on Twitter and tech site VentureBeat before being swiftly picked
up and circulated around the rest of the tech industry press.

The image seems to confirm a lot of what we already new about the new Google
phone: Thinner bezels and lack of any physical home buttons.

In fact, the announcement on October 4 may just be something of a formality at
this point as most gadget fans are already well aware of what the phone will be
offering.

It's widely rumoured to boast a 5-inch, 1080p screen with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of
storage. The camera will have a 12 megapixel sensor whilst the battery will be a
respectable 2,770mAh non-removable one.

Google driverless car involved in 'worst crash yet' after van runs a red light

And, unlike the iPhone 7, Google is keeping the 3.5mm headphone jack that will
appear on the top of both the Pixel and Pixel XL.

It seems that both phones will be manufactured by HTC and, as with previous
Google devices, will offer a clean version of the latest Android operating
system.

How long does FIFA 17 take to download - and how much space will it take up on
your console?

For even more information on the new Pixel phones, check out our comprehensive
rumour round-up .

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              March 4, 2013 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

plugged in

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 747 words


Review

Google's new Chromebook overshoots the mark

SAN FRANCISCO I'm writing these words on a lovely new laptop. It's thin, light
and made of machined aluminum, but it isn't a MacBook. It's got a beautiful
touch screen, but it isn't a Microsoft Surface Pro.

It's the Google Chromebook Pixel, and the most striking thing about it is
neither the design nor the screen. It's the price tag.

Google's spent the past few years trying to establish its Chrome Operating
System as a viable competitor to Windows and Apple's OS X by partnering with
manufacturers like Samsung, Acer and Hewlett-Packard to produce inexpensive
laptops.

But with the Pixel, it's taken on the hardware responsibility itself and gone
decidedly upscale in the process. The new machine, available from Google Play
online and at Best Buy stores, costs $1,299 for a Wi-Fi-only model with 32
gigabytes of flash-memory storage, or $1,449 for one with 64 gigabytes and the
ability to also connect to Verizon Wireless's speedy 4G LTE network.

That's a lot of money for a computer whose usefulness is limited when it isn't
connected to the Internet, and that costs even more than comparable Apple- and
Windows-powered machines unencumbered by that concern.

The Chrome OS is, essentially, a Web browser. The idea behind it is that most
everything you do exists not on the computer itself, but on the Internet.

Need to write something or create a slideshow? Open the word-processing or
presentation applications in Google Docs. Want to save it? Use your online
storage space in Google Drive. Want more apps? Choose them from the Chrome Web
store, use them, and they go away when you're done until you summon them again.

Living in the cloud like that doesn't require a lot of computing power; pretty
much all you need is an Internet connection. Acer sells a Chromebook for as
little as $199 that does nearly all that the six-times-costlier Pixel does.

You do get a lot with the Pixel, starting with a whopping terabyte of online
Google Drive storage free for three years, and a dozen free sessions of GoGo's
in-flight Internet access to address one of the most common connection-less
situations.

Physically, the new Chromebook is as handsome as any laptop this side of a
MacBook. It weighs 3.35 pounds and, with the lid down, measures little more than
half an inch thick. A thin strip of lights across the back glows with Google's
signature colors, or delivers coded status reports. (Red means "charge me.")

Lift the lid and you meet the Pixel's dazzling touch display. The 12.85-inch
screen is unusually proportioned, with a 3:2 aspect ratio that Google says was
chosen to optimize it for viewing Web pages over, say, widescreen videos. It's
gorgeous, with a pixel density of 239 per inch that the company says is the
highest on any laptop.

Under the hood are components that compare well with other high-end competitors,
including the solid-state storage, an Intel Core i5 processor and four gigabytes
of memory. But here's the thing: In a Chromebook, a lot of this stuff is
unnecessary.

Having a touch screen is certainly nice, but Google Docs isn't particularly
optimized for touch, nor are many Web pages. A Core i5 is useful when you're
powering through Windows 8 or Mac applications, but here it's overkill, plain
and simple.

And overkill at a cost that isn't reflected just in the price: Perhaps a less
potent processor would be less of a drain on the Pixel's battery life.

Google claims it gets five hours of use, which is 23 percent less than even the
$249 Chromebook from partner Samsung. I got even less: not much over four hours
when I was doing nothing more strenuous than streaming video over Wi-Fi. I also
found the battery drained after a couple of days in sleep mode, a stark contrast
to, say, Apple's MacBook Air, which can sleep for weeks and still hold its
charge.

As for the Chrome OS, it's much more usable than in its early days. There are
more things you can do offline, and synchronization with the cloud is
transparent when you are connected.

Still, I encountered odd glitches and ambiguous error messages, particularly
when the Pixel was reconnecting to the cloud after slumber.

My guess is that Google doesn't really expect to sell many Pixels. It seems more
like a statement that Chromebooks can be high-end as well as low, and that
Google is capable of crafting beautiful hardware that compares favorably with
its competitors.

I'd find the statement a lot more compelling at half the price.

-- Rich Jaroslovsky, Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: March 07, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An attendee tries out the new Google Inc. Chromebook Pixel laptop
during a launch event in San Francisco. The touchscreen version of the
Chromebook laptop steps up Google's challenge to Microsoft Corp. and Apple Inc.
in hardware. David Paul Morris, Bloomberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google takes on Apple, Amazon

LENGTH: 555  words


Alphabet Inc's Google on Tuesday announced a new "Pixel" smartphone and a suite
of new consumer electronics products for the home, planting itself firmly in the
hardware business and challenging Apple Inc's iPhone at the high end of the $400
billion global smartphone market.

The string of announcements - including the $649 Pixel, a smart speaker for the
living room dubbed "Home", a virtual reality headset, and a new Wi-Fi router -
is the clearest sign yet that Google intends to compete head-to-head with Apple,
Amazon.com Inc and even manufacturers of phones using its own Android mobile
operating system.

Company executives, echoing Apple's longstanding philosophy, said they were
striving for tighter integration of hardware and software.

"The thinking is that if we can work on hardware and software together, we can
innovate much better," Google hardware chief Rick Osterloh said in an interview
with Reuters, citing a recent reorganization that united once-disparate hardware
teams.

Under the new structure, the company has begun to take a much more integrated
approach to things like supply chain management and design, added Mario Queiroz,
a vice-president of product management.

"The learnings from one product are benefiting another product," he said.

Unlike earlier Google phone efforts under the Nexus brand, the Pixel devices are
designed and developed by Google from the start, although Taiwan's HTC Corp will
serve as the contract manufacturer.

Taking another page from the Apple playbook, Google said it would work
exclusively with a single carrier in the United States, Verizon Communications
Inc, on the Pixel, emulating Apple's agreement to launch the original iPhone
with AT&T Inc. That deal gave Apple unprecedented control over the look of the
phone and how it worked.

Shares of Alphabet closed up 0.3 percent on Tuesday, while Verizon fell 1.2
percent.

The phone comes in two sizes, and its high-end camera is one of few
distinguishing features, analysts said. The phones come in black, blue and
silver and will be able to get up to a seven-hour charge in 15 minutes.
Pre-orders begin on Tuesday.

"Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated
compared to Samsung and iPhone seventh-generation phones," industry analyst
Patrick Moorhead said.

While the new phones are clearly aimed at competing with the iPhone - Google
executives took several swipes at Apple in their on-stage remarks - analysts
said Android rivals like Samsung Electronics could be the biggest victim if the
Pixel takes off.

Google's strategy of licensing Android for free and profiting from embedded
services such as search and maps made Android the dominant mobile operating
system with some 89 percent of the global market, according to IDC.

But Apple still rules the high end of the market, and Google has long been
frustrated by the emergence of many variations of Android and the inconsistent
experience that has produced. Pushing its own hardware will likely complicate
its relationship with Android licensees, analysts said.

Rick Osterloh, SVP Hardware at Google, introduces the Pixel Phone by Google
during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco on Tuesday. Beck
Diefenbach / Reuters

(China Daily USA10/05/2016 page2)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/92/147564502556.jpg

eca86bda350e195ebf2304.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           February 22, 2013, Friday

Google confirms high-end Chromebook Pixel, surprising some;
Premium Chromebook goes on sale in the Play store

BYLINE: Jon Gold

LENGTH: 315 words


Google's Chromebook Pixel went up for sale on the Play store on Thursday, to the
surprise of some industry observerswho had expressed doubts over earlier rumors
that the device was on the way.

In sharp contrast to previous Chromebook models, which have placed the emphasis
on keeping costs low, the Pixel is aimed directly at the higher end of the
market, featuring premium components -- and a correspondingly elevated price.

[ PREVIOUSLY: Leaked Chromebook video raises questions beginning with: Is it
real? ] The centerpiece of the Chromebook Pixel, which was designed in-house by
Google, is the screen. At 12.85 inches, the 2560x1700 resolution gives it a
pixel density of 239 ppi, and it boasts touch-sensitivity as well.

Internally, the Pixel features a dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, running at
1.8GHz, which implies either an i5-3427U or i5-3337U, according to Intel's
product pages. It also uses Intel's HD 4000 integrated graphics functionality,
and packs 4GB of RAM and either 32GB or 64GB of solid-state storage, depending
on the model.

Google says the Pixel comes with a free terabyte of Google Drive cloud storage
for three years, as well as 12 free GoGo Inflight Internet sessions for the
traveling user.

The initially available model -- priced at $1,300 -- is the 32GB with Wi-Fi
connectivity only, but the company says a $1,450, 64GB, LTE-enabled option will
ship within six to seven weeks. (Verizon will provide the latter device with
100MB/month of LTE service for two years.) Initial reaction to the Pixel has
been mixed. ZDNet blogger Howard Lo says it's unlikely to be anything more than
a driver of sales for the comparable Microsoft Surface Pro, but Computerworld's
JR Raphael says that the inclusion of a generous amount of cloud storage could
prove to be an important selling point for the device.

Email Jon Gold at jgold@nww.com and follow him on Twitter at @NWWJonGold.




LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google launches AI-driven Pixel at iPhone prices

LENGTH: 271  words


SAN FRANCISCO - Google on Tuesday unveiled its new Pixel smartphone with
artificial intelligence built in as it directly takes on the iPhone with its own
branded, premium-priced handset.

"We are building hardware with the Google Assistant at its core," said Rick
Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet
giant.

"We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the
intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the center."

Pixel smartphone will be availabile with a five-inch display or a 5.5 inch
display, starting at $649 for US customers, at similar prices to the latest
iPhone models.

Pre-orders began on Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany, Britain, and the
United States.

"It's the first phone made by Google inside and out," said Sabrina Ellis of the
Pixel product management team.

By producing the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct
challenge to Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will
come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the
company's new Daydream virtual reality platform.

Pixel also has a special program to make it easy for users to switch operating
systems, say from an iPhone to and Android, by simply transfer contacts, content
and even iMessages, according to Ellis.

Google announced an exclusive deal with US telecom provider Verizon for Pixel
sales. Ellis said the company is working with service providers in other
countries.

The version for sale at Google's online shop is "unlocked" to work with various
carriers.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Scottish Daily Mail

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Google launch for its virtual reality phone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 184 words


GOOGLE will today launch its Pixel smartphone which will be at the hub of new
virtual reality and smart home devices.

The handset will slip into a headset to transport users into a new world, which
might be the flight deck of a spaceship or the audience for a Rihanna concert.

Google is due to unveil the Pixel, pictured, at an event in San Francisco.
However, some details appear to have been inadvertently leaked by Carphone
Warehouse. It is thought there will be a Pixel with a 5in screen and a 5.5in
Pixel XL.

The Pixel, whose price and launch date are to be announced, will challenge the
iPhone from Apple and Samsung Galaxy devices. Along with the phone will be a
voicecontrolled personal assistant service. It is thought the Pixel will work
with a home hub and smart speaker system to let users talk to the internet,
rather than using keyboards and touchscreens, and control smart household
appliances.

The Pixel will be at the heart of the Google Daydream virtual reality platform.
It is thought the phone and headset will come with a remote control for users to
navigate their way through virtual worlds.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMLscot


                    Copyright 2016 Associated Newpapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on March 17, titled as "Edge-aware
smoothing in images"

LENGTH: 225  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,983,188, on
March 17 2015, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Edge-aware smoothing in
images"

Inventors:  Lang; Grayson (Santa Clara, CA), Chaudhury; Krishnendu (Saratoga,
CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
some implementations of edge-aware smoothing, a method includes determining a
boundary map for an input image, where the boundary map associates one of
multiple different labels to each pixel of the input image, and the labels
indicate one or more edges in the input image. The method determines a set of
input pixels of the input image eligible to influence an output pixel of an
output image, the output pixel corresponding to a pixel of the input image. A
blurred pixel value for the output pixel is determined, where the blurred pixel
value is based on the set of input pixels and associated labels from the
boundary map that correspond to the set of input pixels. The associated labels
are used to reduce blurring in the output image of any of the one or more edges
present in the set of input pixels."

The patent was filed on May 14, 2013 Application no. 13/894,390

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

Lava goes the Android One way with Pixel V1;
The Indian smartphone manufacturer joins hands with Google to release thier
first Android One device.Krishna Bahirwani reveals what makes it unique

BYLINE: Krishna Bahirwani

LENGTH: 813  words


The Indian smartphone manufacturer joins hands with Google to release thier
first Android One device.Krishna Bahirwani reveals what makes it unique

Indian mobile phone manufacturer, Lava, has introduced the Pixel V1, an Android
One device at a price of Rs.11, 350 in collaboration with Google. The Pixel V1
has been developed by close coordination between product R&D teams at Lava &
Google. Aimed at those users who have value for money in mind, Lava has provided
the right hardware specifications and the promise of the Android One platform
making Pixel V1 a solid offering.

Android One offers a relaiable experience, running the latest and fastest
version of Android (Lollipop, 5.1) with claims of up to 2x better performance.
For the users that value longetivity, the Pixel V1 is great because the device
will be kept up-to-date with future versions of Android, so that you can always
be patched with the latest security upgrades. The smartphone has been certified
by Google and has been specifically tested to ensure it is fast and responsive.

The phone's target audience is users that prefer a large screen and hence a 5.5
inch wide HD screen in a slim design is what you get. Keeping that in mind, the
phone has a 73.6% screen to body ratio with a 76.3mm wide body, one of the best
in its segment. The IPS display renders great viewing angles. Being on the
Android One platform, the colour accuracy and brightness of the smartphone is up
to 300% better than the industry average. In particular, this Android One device
comes with a touch screen that can detect up to 100 touches every second.

The device packs 32 GB Internal memory but is only expandable up to 32 GB
through SD card, and is powered by a 2GB DDR3 RAM. A higher internal memory is
better than an extended memory since the read & write speeds from internal
memory are 10X faster than a typical external SD card, thereby leading to a lag
free experience. This is supplemented by the fact that a lot of applications
store data only in the internal memory unless the phone has been rooted, this is
particularily better for people that aren't very tech savy.

In terms of the camera, Lava has tried to use software optimization to minimize
hardware costs. The Pixel V1 takes 13MP BSI Rear Camera Images which are
bascially 8MP images that are software enhanced and 8MP BSI front camera Images
which are also software enhanced versions taken from a 5MP sensor. The device
also manages to take pictures with the 1.4 micron pixel size and F2.0 aperture
of the rear camera. 1.4 micron pixel size allows more light intake per pixel
helping in capturing brighter, clearer images with better detail. The F2.0
aperture gives depth of field, better focus and better images in low light. The
camera comes with a 5P Largan lens and Blue Glass Filter that cuts off infrared
light to help the sensor reproduce life-like color.

The battery is a 2650 mAh high voltage Li-Po battery which is enough in many
cases with the battery extension feature that gives users up to 90 minutes of
extra usage, when the battery is low. The Pixel V1 is powered by 1.3 GHz Quad
Core processor and houses dual SIM 3G+3G connectivity, which is the only hit it
takes in terms of longetivity as 4G is around the corner. The device also allows
the user to experience Google voice search & voice commands from the home screen
using the "OK Google" feature made famous by Google's Nexus range of devices

Commenting on the launch Mr. Navin Chawla, Vice President & Head Product, LAVA
International said, "We are extremely pleased about our association with Google
to launch Lava's first Android One device, the Pixel V1. This device sets the
foundation for a new category of smartphones by Lava that offer a great value
and experience to the consumer. Design being our forte, this product has been
developed with leading hardware components & specifications that integrate well
with Android One. Needless to say, with Google's stamp of authority on the
software coupled with the benefits of the Android One program this device will
always stay the latest."

Speaking on the occasion, Caesar Sengupta, VP, Product Management at Google
said, "Google is pleased to collaborate with Lava on Android One - a program
designed to help bring high quality, affordable Android devices to everyone.
Together we will work to empower the next billion people."

The smartphone is available in two colors, White-Silver and Gold across all
national retail stores and multi-brand outlets. It is also available online
exclusively through Flipkart.com.

Features

5.5 inch HD IPS Full Lamination Display with a sleek, slim fit design

32 GB Internal memory with 2GB RAM

Take great 13MP Rear Camera Images and 8MP Front Camera Images with BSI Sensors
having large 1.4micron pixel size and F2.0 aperture

Always the latest updates under Android One

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                      The Western Star (Roma, Queensland)

                                October 11, 2016

Phones built in-house to take on mobile market

BYLINE:  Kieran Salsone

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 487  words



HIGHLIGHT: This new mobile phone is 100% Google

Google Pixel

Screen sizes: 5" and 5.5"

Glass: 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4

Camera:12.3MP f/2.0

OS: Android 7.1 Nougat

Storage:32GB or 128GB

AFTER the headphone jack-less launch of the iPhone 7 and the explosive
tendencies of the Samsung Note 7, people may be out looking for an alternative
to the big two phone makers.

Fortunately, now, Google has taken what it's learned during its Nexus program
and begun building both the software and hardware for a new series of phones
in-house.

Welcome to the Google Pixel, a label some would already be familiar with if
you'd used Google's Chromebooks.

Where Google's previous Nexus phones were strictly Google-only affairs on the
software side, representing the cleanest Android boot you could find, they were
all built by external partners like LG.

The Pixel phone, launched last week, is Google's first attempt at controlling
the entire construction process.

The Pixel comes in two sizes. One comes with a 5-inch screen, making it slightly
larger than the iPhone 7, while the other comes with a 5.5-inch screen the same
size as the larger iPhone but smaller than Samsung's Note 7.

Both use the same 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 for the front screen and the
glass on the back, meaning it's going to look and feel great all around, even if
you don't put a case on it. On the back is also Google's fingerprint sensor
which can be swiped to unlock your phone or access notifications.

The Pixel's camera is, according to benchmarking service, DxOMark, the best one
currently strapped to a mobile, beating out the Galaxy S7 Edge, HTC 10, and the
Sony Xperia X Performance.

The camera's an impressive 12.3MP unit with an f/2.0 aperture and chunky 1.55
micron pixels.

Given the fantastic performance we saw when reviewing the iPhone 7's new camera,
we're keen to see how this on-paper dominance might translate into real-world
performance if it does at all.

Being a Google phone, software is key. It ships with the latest version of
Android 7.1 Nougat and like the Nexus phones before it, will receive updates
directly when they're available, not so much when your carrier decides to let
them through. Unless you buy it on contract.

Also freshly installed are Google's new communications apps, Duo and Allo,
competition to iOS's facetime and iMessage suite. While Allo doesn't focus quite
as heavily on allowing enormous stickers to become core parts of its
functionality like our recent app reviews might indicate, it's a full-blooded
messager all the same.

What's more important is that Google's Assistant, the competitor to Siri and
Cortana, is connected to everything on this phone, giving it an edge to really
shine.

The Pixel is available for pre-order from both JB Hi-Fi and Telstra here in
Australia, with prices starting at $1079 for the 32gb 5" to $1419 for the 128GB
5.5". Telstra prices are part of a contract so may vary.

Comes in Very Silver and Quite Black, but no Really Blue for us Aussies.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TWS


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 997 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Phones built in-house to take on mobile market

BYLINE:  Kieran Salsone

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 487  words



HIGHLIGHT: This new mobile phone is 100% Google

Google Pixel

Screen sizes: 5" and 5.5"

Glass: 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4

Camera:12.3MP f/2.0

OS: Android 7.1 Nougat

Storage:32GB or 128GB

AFTER the headphone jack-less launch of the iPhone 7 and the explosive
tendencies of the Samsung Note 7, people may be out looking for an alternative
to the big two phone makers.

Fortunately, now, Google has taken what it's learned during its Nexus program
and begun building both the software and hardware for a new series of phones
in-house.

Welcome to the Google Pixel, a label some would already be familiar with if
you'd used Google's Chromebooks.

Where Google's previous Nexus phones were strictly Google-only affairs on the
software side, representing the cleanest Android boot you could find, they were
all built by external partners like LG.

The Pixel phone, launched last week, is Google's first attempt at controlling
the entire construction process.

The Pixel comes in two sizes. One comes with a 5-inch screen, making it slightly
larger than the iPhone 7, while the other comes with a 5.5-inch screen the same
size as the larger iPhone but smaller than Samsung's Note 7.

Both use the same 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 for the front screen and the
glass on the back, meaning it's going to look and feel great all around, even if
you don't put a case on it. On the back is also Google's fingerprint sensor
which can be swiped to unlock your phone or access notifications.

The Pixel's camera is, according to benchmarking service, DxOMark, the best one
currently strapped to a mobile, beating out the Galaxy S7 Edge, HTC 10, and the
Sony Xperia X Performance.

The camera's an impressive 12.3MP unit with an f/2.0 aperture and chunky 1.55
micron pixels.

Given the fantastic performance we saw when reviewing the iPhone 7's new camera,
we're keen to see how this on-paper dominance might translate into real-world
performance if it does at all.

Being a Google phone, software is key. It ships with the latest version of
Android 7.1 Nougat and like the Nexus phones before it, will receive updates
directly when they're available, not so much when your carrier decides to let
them through. Unless you buy it on contract.

Also freshly installed are Google's new communications apps, Duo and Allo,
competition to iOS's facetime and iMessage suite. While Allo doesn't focus quite
as heavily on allowing enormous stickers to become core parts of its
functionality like our recent app reviews might indicate, it's a full-blooded
messager all the same.

What's more important is that Google's Assistant, the competitor to Siri and
Cortana, is connected to everything on this phone, giving it an edge to really
shine.

The Pixel is available for pre-order from both JB Hi-Fi and Telstra here in
Australia, with prices starting at $1079 for the 32gb 5" to $1419 for the 128GB
5.5". Telstra prices are part of a contract so may vary.

Comes in Very Silver and Quite Black, but no Really Blue for us Aussies.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Queensland Times (Ipswich)

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Phones built in-house to take on mobile market

BYLINE:  Kieran Salsone

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 487  words



HIGHLIGHT: This new mobile phone is 100% Google

Google Pixel

Screen sizes: 5" and 5.5"

Glass: 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4

Camera:12.3MP f/2.0

OS: Android 7.1 Nougat

Storage:32GB or 128GB

AFTER the headphone jack-less launch of the iPhone 7 and the explosive
tendencies of the Samsung Note 7, people may be out looking for an alternative
to the big two phone makers.

Fortunately, now, Google has taken what it's learned during its Nexus program
and begun building both the software and hardware for a new series of phones
in-house.

Welcome to the Google Pixel, a label some would already be familiar with if
you'd used Google's Chromebooks.

Where Google's previous Nexus phones were strictly Google-only affairs on the
software side, representing the cleanest Android boot you could find, they were
all built by external partners like LG.

The Pixel phone, launched last week, is Google's first attempt at controlling
the entire construction process.

The Pixel comes in two sizes. One comes with a 5-inch screen, making it slightly
larger than the iPhone 7, while the other comes with a 5.5-inch screen the same
size as the larger iPhone but smaller than Samsung's Note 7.

Both use the same 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 for the front screen and the
glass on the back, meaning it's going to look and feel great all around, even if
you don't put a case on it. On the back is also Google's fingerprint sensor
which can be swiped to unlock your phone or access notifications.

The Pixel's camera is, according to benchmarking service, DxOMark, the best one
currently strapped to a mobile, beating out the Galaxy S7 Edge, HTC 10, and the
Sony Xperia X Performance.

The camera's an impressive 12.3MP unit with an f/2.0 aperture and chunky 1.55
micron pixels.

Given the fantastic performance we saw when reviewing the iPhone 7's new camera,
we're keen to see how this on-paper dominance might translate into real-world
performance if it does at all.

Being a Google phone, software is key. It ships with the latest version of
Android 7.1 Nougat and like the Nexus phones before it, will receive updates
directly when they're available, not so much when your carrier decides to let
them through. Unless you buy it on contract.

Also freshly installed are Google's new communications apps, Duo and Allo,
competition to iOS's facetime and iMessage suite. While Allo doesn't focus quite
as heavily on allowing enormous stickers to become core parts of its
functionality like our recent app reviews might indicate, it's a full-blooded
messager all the same.

What's more important is that Google's Assistant, the competitor to Siri and
Cortana, is connected to everything on this phone, giving it an edge to really
shine.

The Pixel is available for pre-order from both JB Hi-Fi and Telstra here in
Australia, with prices starting at $1079 for the 32gb 5" to $1419 for the 128GB
5.5". Telstra prices are part of a contract so may vary.

Comes in Very Silver and Quite Black, but no Really Blue for us Aussies.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQT


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Google launches Pixel smartphone in hardware push

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 617 words


Google on Tuesday launched its Pixel smartphone with built-in assistant as the
tech giant made a direct challenge to the iPhone with its own branded,
premium-priced handset.

The unveiling of Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded
push into hardware by the US firm, which also revealed details of its new "home
assistant," virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router.

The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is leading
a major push of its artificial intelligence software, Google Assistant, centered
around its new smartphones and other devices.

"We are building hardware with the Google Assistant at its core," said Rick
Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet
giant.

"We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the
intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the center."

Pixel smartphone will be available with a five-inch display or a 5.5 inch
display, starting at $649 for US customers, at similar prices to the latest
iPhone models. Pre-orders began on Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany,
Britain, and the United States.

Google, by using its own name on handsets, is aiming for a bigger slice of a
competitive smartphone market dominated by Samsung and Apple.

- 'Google inside and out' -

"It's the first phone made by Google inside and out," said Sabrina Ellis of the
Pixel product management team.

By producing both the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more
direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will
come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the
company's new Daydream virtual reality platform.

Pixel has a "smart" camera which can select the best images from a stream, and a
program to make it easy for users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at
winning over iPhone users.

But Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said it may be challenging for
Google to gain significant market share.

"Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated
compared to Samsung and iPhone 7th generation phones," Moorhead said. "They
don't exactly swing anyone around the room."

Google announced an exclusive deal with US telecom provider Verizon for Pixel
sales and said it would also be available through carriers in other countries.

Versions for sale at Google's online shop are "unlocked" to work with various
carriers.

As part of its expanded hardware push, Google also showed off a new Daydream
View headset that compatible smartphones can be slipped into to serve as screens
for virtual reality experiences.

View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes.
Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November,
priced at $79.

Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that
lets a set of inter-connected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals
strong in all spots.

"Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job
of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home," said Google executive
Mario Queiroz.

The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual assistant that will
be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices.

Google described Home as a voice-activated cyber assistant that lets people tap
into the company's online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks,
control devices in homes, stream videos and more.

Google Home was priced at $129, with pre-orders starting in the United States on
Tuesday. Google Home will begin shipping and be available in retail shops on
November 4.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:09 PM GMT

Google press event live: Pixel smartphones, Daydream Virtual Reality, Google
Home, Chromecast Ultra revealed

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 241 words


Google has revealed its new own-built smartphone, Pixel, which the tech giant
says has been built with artificial intelligence in mind, at a live press event
in San Francisco.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into its software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, and comes in both a 5in
and 5.5in size.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

More to follow...

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            February 19, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

The laptop on leave;
DIGITAL LIFE - TABLET

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: LIFE & LEISURE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 889 words


They say that when men make plans, god laughs. If that's so, then the gods must
have buttered some popcorn, took a front-row seat and settled in for some
side-splitting entertainment when we drew up our plan for this week's review.

The plan seemed modest enough. The entire review process, from research and
benchmarking to writing up and publishing, was meant to be done on Google's
Pixel C, a powerful Android tablet which Google says "can give your laptop the
day off whenever you want".

What better test of that claim than to actually try to give our laptop the day
off? And what better laptop to pit the Pixel C against than our own Microsoft
SurfaceBook, the exact opposite number of the Pixel C? Where the Pixel C is an
Android tablet that can double as a notebook, made by the author of Android as
an exemplar of how Android tablets should be made, the SurfaceBook is a Windows
notebook that can double as a tablet, made by the author of Windows as an
exemplar of how Windows notebooks should be made.

And the parallel goes further than that, all the way to the conclusion our
review process arrived at. Where the Microsoft SurfaceBook is a brilliant
notebook that does not double very well as a tablet, the Pixel C is a brilliant
tablet that does not double very well as a notebook.

Can it give your laptop the day off? Well that depends on what your laptop's day
job is. But we thought it would certainly be able to give our SurfaceBook the
day off, and we made all our plans around that idea.

But what am I writing this review on? The SurfaceBook. It turns out that we've
been forced to give the Pixel C if not the whole day off, then at least the
afternoon off.

The day started well enough.

The Pixel C is one of the most appealing tablets ever made, in our top three
alongside the Apple iPad Air 2 and the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2. It can't be a
coincidence that all three of those tablets have a fairly square aspect ratio
compared to most other tablets (in the Pixel C's case it's an unusual 1:2
ratio), making them excellent for reading and for productivity apps and less
excellent for widescreen video.

Even better, the Pixel C has one of the most ingenious keyboard/cover attachment
mechanisms ever devised, based around a whopping great magnet that locks the
optional keyboard cover firmly but effortlessly into place.

Everything about the Pixel is high end. It runs the latest version of Android,
and, being a Google-made device, is likely to keep up with the latest version
for some time. Its performance is top notch, bettered only by the iPad Air 2 and
Galaxy Tab S2 in our tests.

And, when it comes to the claim that it can replace a laptop, the Pixel C does
have history on its side.

Take the workplace here at the Digital Life Labs as an example. As recently as
two months ago there would have been no way we could contemplate giving our
Windows laptop the day off with an Android tablet. Too many crucial application
were Windows only.

But now, our Windows-only VPN has been replaced by a browser-based portal that
uses an Andoid-base two-factor authentication app for security. Our email and
chat systems are all Google products where once they were Microsoft products.
Our Windows-only publishing app is now a web app that runs in Chrome. Could
there be a better time to switch to Android? Well, yes. History might be on the
side of the Pixel C, but it hasn't quite arrived yet.

Using the Chrome browser on the Pixel C instead of Chrome on Windows, MacOS or
Linux, we have noticed a few little differences when it comes to productivity.
Google Image search won't let you filter by image size on an Android tablet the
way you can in Windows, Chrome extensions don't work on the Android version of
Chrome, yet the extensions we happen to use the most, chiefly Xmarks, LastPass
and the Evernote web clipper, all now have Android apps that interact well
enough with Chrome. It's not quite as good as built-in extensions, but almost.

Where we came completely unstuck, though, was right at the end of the review
process, trying to do exactly what I am doing now: typing up the review into the
publishing system. The system, written by Adobe, works in Chrome meaning it
ought to work perfectly on the Pixel C, but when I went to give my laptop the
afternoon off just now, I got this error on the Pixel C:

Error 404: Please do not use a mobile device.

So much for that.

And so my laptop is back in service, and I must say that I'm relieved. Even if I
had been able to finish the day on the Pixel C as Google promised, I would still
have been tempted to use the SurfaceBook. The keyboard on the SurfaceBook has a
vastly better typing action, and moreover it doesn't suffer from the bizarre
choice that Google made with the Pixel C's keyboard, which has the "enter" key
where the "delete" key normally is.

It's hard to think of many key substitutions that could have a more disastrous
effect than replacing what amounts to the "don't send" button with the "send"
button. Whoever made that decision probably thought better of it, went to hit
delete and ... oh bugger!L&L

Twitter: @DLLabs

Google Pixel C

Likes

Stylish, well-built Android tablet with nice screen dimensions

Novel keyboard attachment mechanism

Uses USB-C

Dislikes

Hard to tell keyboard battery level

Keyboard layout can lead to slip-ups

Price

$699 for 32GB version

$199 for the keyboard

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Pixel phones and smart machines: Google announcements

LENGTH: 797  words


San Francisco - US internet giant Google on Tuesday challenged heavyweight
rivals including Apple and Amazon with an array of new gadgets aimed at digital
lifestyles. Coming products to watch for:

Pixel is the first smartphone designed by Google, with the Silicon Valley
powerhouse dictating the hardware, software and services the way Apple does with
its iPhones.

The Google-branded smartphone takes aim at flagship models by Apple, Samsung and
others in the fiercely competitive market.

Pixel, which comes in five and 5.5-inch (12.7 and 14-centimeter) screen sizes,
boasts a fingerprint reader, a camera billed as the best in any smartphone,
unlimited online storage for photos and videos, and quick charging combined with
long battery life.

Pixel is powered by the latest version of the Android mobile operating system,
Nougat, and Google promised to keep the software automatically updated.

Pixel also features Virtual Assistant artificial intelligence to enable users to
manage tasks and get information in natural conversation format.

Pixel's starting price of $649 in the United States is the same as that of
Apple's newest iPhone.

Preorders for Pixel began Tuesday in Australia, Britain, Canada, Germany and the
United States. Pixel will be available for order in India on October 13.

Google Home is a flower vase-sized speaker infused with machine smarts and voice
controls to act as a cyber concierge for getting information and managing tasks
about the house or flat.

Home listens for commands or queries even while playing music, and can control
other smart devices in range. Google Home will be available in shops in
November, but could be pre-ordered beginning Tuesday.

The device's price in the United States is $129. That's $50 less than Amazon
Echo, a rival that has been popular with consumers here since it was launched by
the online retail titan.

Google Assistant is an improved version of virtual helper software the internet
company previously called Google Now.

It competes with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Microsoft's Cortana, tapping
into the vast trove of knowledge amassed by the world's leading online search
engine.

Google outlined plans to infuse a growing array of devices and services with
Assistant smarts, letting people get answers or manage matters in conversational
styles, as though speaking with a human aide.

Google laid out a vision of becoming a leading player in artificial
intelligence, with Assistant being infused into many devices and services
allowing opportunities to have them work together.

Google already built Assistant smarts into a new Allo smartphone messaging app
released last month, and put the software at the heart of Pixel and Google Home.

Daydream View virtual reality headgear came as an answer to Facebook-owned
Oculus, and a direct challenge to Samsung Gear VR.

Smartphones compatible with Google's Daydream software platform can be slipped
into play in View headgear to act as screens for virtual reality experiences.

View is made of cloth, a step up from the actual cardboard from which its
predecessor at Google was playfully constructed.

Purportedly inspired by casual clothing, View material makes it lighter and
potentially more comfortable than devices already on the market.

View comes with a controller and was billed as making virtual reality
"accessible" at a price of $79 in the United States, where it will arrive in
November. View will also be available in Australia, Britain, Canada and Germany.

In comparison, Samsung Gear VR headgear is priced at $100. Oculus Rift virtual
reality head gear has a $599 price tag and must be connected to high-performance
computers.

Chromecast Ultra is an improved version of medallion-sized Chromecast devices
that plug into TV monitors for viewing online streaming videos.

Google said it has sold more than 30 million Chromecast devices since they
debuted three years ago.

The new generation Chromecast promised more reliable viewing and image quality
ramped all the way up to ultra-high definition 4K video.

Chromecast Ultra was priced at $69 and will be available in November in the
United States and 15 other countries.

Google Wifi promises to make sure people can connect to the internet from
anywhere in a home. Disk-sized Wifi modules can be placed in various spots in
homes, acting as an internet-linked mesh of sorts so getting online is uniformly
easy.

Wifi software lets people easily manage congestion on home networks, or even
selectively cut off children's gadgets from the internet when they should be at
a meal or in bed.

Google will begin taking pre-orders for Wifi in November, advertising the price
as $129 for a single unit or $299 for a pack of three modules.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/32/147566433354.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/32/147566433354.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Google ships self made Android powered Pixel C tablet

SECTION: DEVICES; Product Breakthroughs

LENGTH: 197 words



HIGHLIGHT: Second wholly Google-made machine after the Chromebook Pixel.


Google has unveiled Pixel C, an Android based tablet that it said it
maunfactured from design to delivery.

The 10inch Pixel C features high resolution screen, a metal body, multi-coloured
bar light on the backand , a full-size keyboard, and a USB-C port for charging
that is used in Nexus smartphones.

The Pixel C will be available at a starting price of$499 for a 32GB version,
with another $149 for the keyboard.

It is not known if Google will bring an end to Nexus tablets which was first
launched in 2012, when the device was manufactured by Asus, later Google
partnered with HTC to produce the Nexus 9 tablet.

Google's latest device will go up against Apple's iPad Pro which comes with a
stylus and a similar keyboard accessory.

The company also introduced Nexus 6P, its the first all-metal-body Nexus phone.

However, the phone is not entirely made by Google, as it partnered with Huawei
to make the 5.7" $499 phone which is crafted from aeronautical-grade aluminum.

It features a USB Type-C port for fast charging, 64-bit processor, 12.3 MP
camera sensor.

It also partnered with LG to introduce Nexus 5X, which is a 5.2" device
featuring 12.3 MP camera and Type-C port and starts at $379.

LOAD-DATE: October 01, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 20, 2015 Friday 8:00 AM GMT

Google Chromebook Pixel review: beautiful, powerful - but still just Chrome;
With an all-aluminium body, powerful processor and 12-hour-plus battery life the
Pixel is the best Chromebook going, but at a price

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1208 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The Chromebook Pixel is Google's vision of what a computer should be like - with
a high-resolution screen, excellent battery life and solid aluminium body, with
apps and data stored in the cloud.

But the Pixel is a contradiction - at £799 it's an expensive machine that uses
an operating system designed for cheap computers.

Aluminium, glass and glowing strips

Most Chromebooks cost under £250 and are made from cheaper materials and with
low-end specifications.

The Pixel is machined from high-grade matt aluminium similar to high-end
ultrabooks, and using high-end components. The design is understated and
minimal, with squared edges and subtle branding.

A single light-up strip in the lid indicates whether the computer is on.
Double-tap it with the lid closed and it'll show you the current battery level.

Open, it looks like any other high-end laptop, with a full-sized backlit chiclet
keyboard that's well-made with good responsive keys, a smooth glass multi-touch
trackpad and a black glass touchscreen.

It has speakers hidden under the keyboard that distort at maximum volume, but
are quite loud and clear.

The screen is excellent, with deep blacks and accurate colours. It is also
higher-resolution than most other laptops, rivalling Apple's retina displays and
Dell's new Ultrasharp QHD+ in pixel density, which makes text, objects and
images pin-sharp and very easy to read.

In common with Apple's retina displays and modern smartphones and tablets, the
Pixel defaults to a resolution that isn't the maximum the screen can display,
making objects on the screen tiny, but one that uses the extra pixels to render
the objects in higher clarity with sharper edges referred to as a "HiDPI".

At 1.5Kg the Pixel is light enough to stuff into a backpack and is lighter than
a 1.58Kg 13in MacBook Pro, but heavier than Dell's 1.26Kg XPS 13 and Apple's
0.92Kg MacBook. It's also 15.3mm thick, which is thinner than both the 18mm
thick 13in MacBook Pro and the 20mm thick Dell XPS 13. Apple's super-thin
13.1mm-thick MacBook has it beat, however.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 12.85in 2560 x 1700 resolution (239 pixels per inch)
     ·    Processor: 2.2GHz Intel Core i5
     ·    RAM: 8GB
     ·    Storage: 32GB, SD card reader
     ·    Connectivity: Wi-Fi (802.11ac), Bluetooth 4.0, USB3.0, USB type C
     ·    Camera: 720p wide angle web cam
     ·    Dimensions: 297.7 x 224.6 x 15.3mm
     ·    Weight: 1.5Kg



Over 12 hours per charge

The outside of the Pixel is more premium than any other Chromebook, but so are
the components on the inside, which could be described as overkill for something
that's designed to live in the cloud and uses an operating system that's
basically just a web browser.

The 2.2GHz Core i5 processor with 8GB of RAM make everything super smooth. Web
pages load noticeably faster on the Pixel than most other computers I've tested,
while apps from the Chrome store are snappy and responsive.

Chrome OS doesn't have any demanding apps, so it's difficult to see why it needs
to be quite so powerful. The touchscreen is also accurate and responsive, and
comes in handy for pinch to zoom gestures, scrolling and simple taps.

The Pixel is well equipped with ports and connectivity. The usual suspects of
Bluetooth 4.0 and Wi-Fi 802.11ac are present, as are two USB 3.0 ports and an SD
card reader. It also has two USB type-C ports, one either side of the machine.
They're used for charging as well as multiple inputs and outputs including
connecting to external displays. A USB C to HDMI or DisplayPort adapter will be
required, however.

One of the criticisms of the previous generation of Pixel released in 2013 was
poor battery life. The new 2015 Pixel has almost everything roundly trounced.
It's rated for 12-hours per charge, but I easily saw 13 hours plus in general
usage.

Charging via USB C and the very Apple-like charger is easy and fast, with a full
charge taking about two hours or up to two hours battery life after charging for
about 15 minutes. The Pixel can be charged from either USB C port, which is very
handy.

The only thing Google skimped on for the Pixel was storage, fitting only 32GB of
flash. Google intends for everything but a few local files to be stored in the
cloud and gives users 1TB of space on Google Drive for three years with every
Pixel purchase.

Considering there are no real applications to download and Google Music stores
it all in the cloud, 32GB will be enough for most. More can be added via the SD
card slot or a USB flash drive if needed.

Chrome, with a few Android apps

The Pixel runs Google's Chrome OS, which is essentially a whole computer based
around the company's Chrome browser. That generally limits the functionality to
only things that can be done with a web browser, which people stuck using
traditional computers might be surprised to find out is most things.

Office duties, emailing, messaging, image editing, streaming music and video can
all be done through the browser. The only thing I've struggled to do with the
Pixel is edit video, but even some things can be done with a few web apps.

Chrome OS can also run a selection of Android apps, which helps expand what can
be done. Evernote and Wunderlist are a few of my favourites. But Chrome OS
cannot run applications such as Apple's iTunes or Adobe's Photoshop.

Generally speaking, Chrome OS can do 95% of what people need to do with a
computer, easily and efficiently 95% of the time. The trouble comes when you
need to do something it can't that a regular PC or Apple laptop could.

It is possible to install Linux on the Pixel, and the majority of developers who
own one will likely do that, which opens up a whole other application ecosystem.


Price

The Google Chromebook Pixel costs £799. A more powerful version with an Intel
Core i7 processor, 16GB of RAM and a 64GB SSD costs £999. For comparison, Dell's
XPS 13 with a similar display costs £1,099 and Apple's 13in MacBook Pro costs
£999.

Verdict

The Google Chromebook Pixel 2015 is undoubtedly the best Chrome OS computer.
It's also a very good laptop, competing on hardware terms with the very best of
them.

But while Chrome OS is very capable most of the time, and makes for an excellent
second computer for browsing the web and other light duties, it can't run
traditional Windows or OS X apps. That 5% of the time when a full application
like iTunes is needed, or some video needs editing, or an image needs heavy
editing in a powerful piece of software such as Photoshop, that's where Chrome
OS falls down.

For £800 the Pixel is overkill as a Chromebook, but it is a fantastic Chromebook
and if that's what's required, then the Pixel is perfect. For most people, that
£800 is better spent on a PC or Mac laptop.

Pros: fast, aluminium body, fantastic high resolution screen, 12+ hours battery,
USB C, zero maintenance required  Cons: Chrome OS still limited for some things,
three to four times the price of other Chromebooks, very little local storage

Other reviews

                     · Five best laptops to suit any budget

· Microsoft Surface Pro 3 review: the most lappable tablet yet

· Which £400 laptop for university?

· Should I upgrade or replace my old Windows XP netbook?

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on February 17 titled as "Image
color cast correction using groups of pixels"

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,958,640, on
February 17, 2015, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Image color cast
correction using groups of pixels"

Inventors:  McNerney; Peter J (Lomita, CA), Krishnaswamy; Aravind (San Jose, CA)

Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
some implementations, a method provides color correction in images and includes
determining multiple input groups of pixels of an image based on one or more
pixel attributes of the pixels. Each of the input groups includes different
pixels of the image than the other input groups. The method determines an
individual neutral color associated with each of the input groups of pixels
based on the colors of the pixels in the associated input group. An individual
color correction associated with each of a number of output groups of pixels is
determined based on one or more neutral colors associated with the input groups.
The method applies each individual color correction to its associated output
group of pixels, including adjusting the color of pixels in each output group to
reduce color casts on the pixels."

The patent was filed on July 1, 2013 Application no. 13/933,075

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on February 17 titled as "Image
color cast correction using groups of pixels"

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,958,640, on
February 17, 2015, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Image color cast
correction using groups of pixels"

Inventors:  McNerney; Peter J (Lomita, CA), Krishnaswamy; Aravind (San Jose, CA)

Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
some implementations, a method provides color correction in images and includes
determining multiple input groups of pixels of an image based on one or more
pixel attributes of the pixels. Each of the input groups includes different
pixels of the image than the other input groups. The method determines an
individual neutral color associated with each of the input groups of pixels
based on the colors of the pixels in the associated input group. An individual
color correction associated with each of a number of output groups of pixels is
determined based on one or more neutral colors associated with the input groups.
The method applies each individual color correction to its associated output
group of pixels, including adjusting the color of pixels in each output group to
reduce color casts on the pixels."

The patent was filed on July 1, 2013 Application no. 13/933,075

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:09 PM GMT

Google press event live: Pixel smartphones, Daydream Virtual Reality, Google
Home, Chromecast Ultra revealed

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 374 words


Google has revealed its new own-built smartphone, Pixel, which the tech giant
says has been built with artificial intelligence in mind, at a live press event
in San Francisco.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into its software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, and comes in both a 5in
and 5.5in size.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision, the tech giant said, aimed at replicating
the type of materials used in other wearable products.

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

More to follow...

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      October 24, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Google Pixel Smartphones To Ship From Tomorrow

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 297  words


The company recently announced via Twitter that the smartphones would reach
stores on Oct 25.

The much awaited Google Pixel smartphones have recently been launched in India
and have, ever since then been open for pre-orders through popular retailers and
e-commerce portals like Flipkart, Reliance Digital, and Chroma, among others.
However, no clue was given about its availability for purchase over the shelves,
and users have been waiting for an announcement ever since the Indian launch of
both the smartphones.

But, now, the wait is over. Google India has recently tweeted that Pixel
smartphone will be reaching stores on Oct 25 with a hashtag #madebygoogle.
Considering this, it is after 21 days since its launch that the Search Engine
Giant has finally decided to bring the devices in to shelves.

However, for many surprising minds, the news that Pixel smartphones' Really Blue
collar variant won't be coming in to the Indian market comes in as a sad
announcement, though the Quite Black and Very Silver would be available for
shipment starting Tuesday, Oct 25.

Speaking about the price tags of the Pixel smartphones, we can purchase the 32
GB variant at INR 57,000 while the Pixel XL 32 GB comes in a INR 67,000. And,
the 128 GB variants of both Pixel and Pixel XL are priced at INR 66,000 and INR
76,000 respectively.

Technical speaking, both these variants are almost similar to each other, except
a few differences, mainly being the display size. While Pixel comes with a 5
inch FHD display, the Pixel XL comes with a 5.5 inch QHD display. Also, the
Pixel packs a 2,770 mAh battery and the XL variant sports a 3,450 mAh battery.
Rest other specs including 4 GB RAM, Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor,
Fingerprint Sensor, 12.3 MP rear camera, and 8 MP front camera remain the same.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Can Google's Pixel overcome iPhone's cultural clout?;
The Pixel cannot succeed simply by matching the iPhone's technical specs, say
observers. It will also need to tap into the deep-seated habits and loyalties of
millions of smartphone consumers.

BYLINE: Joseph Dussault Staff

SECTION: Technology

LENGTH: 843 words


Google's new phone won't hit the market until Thursday, but the reviews are
already in: when it comes to speed and features, Pixel has got what it takes to
loosen Apple's grip on the smartphone market.

But before it can do that, Google must surmount a much trickier and far less
tangible obstacle: the cult of iPhone.

Despite waning sales in recent months, the iPhone is still a ubiquitous cultural
presence, and that is unlikely to change overnight. The Pixel can't simply match
the iPhone's technical capabilities and hope users will switch. It will also
need to tap into the deep-seated habits and loyalties of millions of smartphone
consumers. But will it?

When the iPhone made its 2007 debut, it opened a realm of possibilities greater
than Steve Jobs could have imagined. For the first time, consumers understood
that their phone wasn't just a phone, but a true miniature computer. Before that
moment, even high-tech devices like the Blackberry were mostly marketed to
executives as a way to send emails on the fly.

Apple's timing couldn't have been better. The company, perhaps unknowingly,
introduced a model for future smartphone manufacturers to emulate. Microsoft and
Samsung eventually joined the party, introducing high-end phones with comparable
user interfaces and superior processing capabilities. But none could wrest the
market from Apple.

"Apple is basically saying that people don't care about specs, nor do they care
about the price point," Erica Robles-Anderson, a professor of media and culture
at New York University, tells The Christian Science Monitor in a phone
interview. "First and foremost, they care about some sort of form factor, look,
or feel. And if that's the case, then you have to have something sufficiently
alternative. And I don't think Google has given us that."

The iPhone, like most Apple products, has earned enough cultural capital to
inspire long-lasting brand loyalty. In an interview with Atlas Obscura, Dr.
Robles-Anderson went as far as to liken Apple stores to religious temples.

"iPhone marketing campaigns make people believe they are a part of a grand
social movement, even when that community appears so highly commercialized,"
says Isabel Pedersen, a professor of digital culture at the University of
Ontario, in an email to the Monitor. "iPhone has mastered the feeling that you
belong to a tribe and that you earned it - not only through an expensive phone,
but also through your identity, your personality, your friends, and your
loyalty. I don't think Android has mastered that yet."

In some ways, the Pixel is Google's most iPhone-like offering yet. It embraces
minimalistic curves over the industrial angularity of many Android phones,
although it emphasizes the headphone jack where Apple fields controversy for
abandoning it. The Pixel also comes with its own cheeky personal assistant.

But emulation may not be enough, some experts say. To really sell the Pixel,
Google has a considerable branding challenge ahead.

"Google Pixel needs to presuppose and cultivate a Pixel user, 'a person,' more
than simply a tool or technology in order to win market share from iPhone," says
Dr. Pedersen. "Apple's [advertisement] 'The Human Family: Shot on iPhone,' for
example, is sickly sweet in its approach, but it works. It grips its customer
with nostalgic identification."

Then again, Google's attempts to force its way into Apple's wheelhouse may be
futile. It's not the company's first hardware offering, after all - the Nexus
arrived with big promises, but failed to make a splash.

"Is the Pixel so much better than the Nexus - or any of Samsung's offerings, or
any of Apple's offerings - that it will really turn heads?" asks Hansen Hsu,
curator of the Center for Software History at the Computer History Museum, in a
phone interview with the Monitor. "It's an open question, because it's really
late in the game. If the Pixel had come out in 2008 or 2009, maybe we'd be
talking."

"The game is almost over if you're not Samsung or Apple," Dr. Hsu adds. "I don't
know if anything Google does can make a difference in terms of market share."

But as our devices become increasingly connected under the Internet of Things,
Google may have a new opportunity to redefine the smartphone - just like Apple
did almost a decade ago.

"We used to think like, 'Could it get out of the box?' Now our shoes are smart,"
Robles-Anderson says. "There's a radical capacity for computing to be in
everything, which is a kind of branding challenge."

Google's parent company, Alphabet, is actively devoting funds and resources to
development projects in artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, and smart
home technologies. By properly linking these new areas of computing to its
smartphones, experts say, Google could carve out its own successful niche.

"People aren't really locked into a phone because of the phone. It's part of a
whole ecosystem of computing devices. It's a culture move at this point," says
Robles-Anderson. "Part of the challenge is to go back to the drawing board and
not think so much about the smartphone."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Google says sorry, gives $50 store credit over Pixel phone delays: report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 250 words


Google saysca shipment problem with thecnew Pixel phones meanscsome customers
will have to wait, a new report said.

But the Mountain View tech titan is giving those buyers something to look
forward to: theycll get $50 vouchers for the Google Play store, to be sent via
email csoon afterc the phone is delivered, according to TechCrunch.

The notices to buyers told them that their phones had been shipped, but would
arrive later than expected. cWecre so sorry,c the notices said, according to the
website, which said Google had confirmed it had sent the notices.

AcGoogle spokesperson told TechCrunch that pre-order demand exceeded the firmcs
expectations, but that the delays resulted from a now-resolved shipping glitch.

The phones in question were shipped last week and should arrive this week if
they havenct already, said Google, which wouldnct disclose how many customers
would receive credits.

The $50 vouchers will be good for items in the Play store,cwhich sells apps,
movies, books, TV shows, music, news subscriptions and devices.

But a purported shipping glitch isnct the only thing keeping some would-be Pixel
owners from getting their hands on the devices. On Oct. 31, all colors of the
larger Pixel XL were listed as out of stock in the Play store, as werecthe black
and blue versions of the 32GB Pixel.

c

Photo:cRick Osterloh, Google senior vice president of hardware, introduces the
new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San
Francisco. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg)

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             March 18, 2013 Monday

Google's Chromebook Pixel is upscale overkill; Consumers New laptop has a hefty
price tag compared to other tablets currently on the market

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 739 words


SAN FRANCISCO - I'm writing these words on a lovely new laptop. It's thin, light
and made of machined aluminum, but it isn't a MacBook. It's got a beautiful
touch screen, but it isn't a Microsoft Surface Pro.

It's the Google Chromebook Pixel, and the most striking thing about it is
neither the design nor the screen. It's the price tag.

Google's spent the last few years trying to establish its Chrome Operating
System as a viable competitor to Windows and Apple's OS X by partnering with
manufacturers like Samsung, Acer and Hewlett-Packard to produce inexpensive
laptops.

But with the Pixel, it's taken on the hardware responsibility itself and gone
decidedly upscale in the process. The new machine, available from Google Play
online and at Best Buy stores, costs US$1,299 for a Wi-Fi-only model with 32
gigabytes of flash-memory storage, or US$1,449 for one with 64 gigabytes and the
ability to also connect to Verizon Wireless's speedy 4G LTE network.

That's a lot of money for a computer whose usefulness is limited when it isn't
connected to the Internet, and that costs even more than comparable Apple- and
Windows-powered machines unencumbered by that concern.

The Chrome OS is, essentially, a web browser. The idea behind it is that most
everything you do exists not on the computer itself, but on the Internet.

Need to write something or create a slideshow? Open the word-processing or
presentation applications in Google Docs. Want to save it? Use your online
storage space in Google Drive. Want more apps? Choose them from the Chrome web
store, use them, and they go away when you're done until you summon them again.

Living in the cloud like that doesn't require a lot of computing power; pretty
much all you need is an Internet connection. Acer sells a Chromebook for as
little as $199 that does nearly all that the six-times-costlier Pixel does.

You do get a lot with the Pixel, starting with a whopping terabyte of online
Google Drive storage free for three years, and a dozen free sessions of GoGo's
in-flight Internet access to address one of the most common connection-less
situations.

Physically, the new Chromebook is as handsome as any laptop this side of a
MacBook. It weighs 3.35 pounds and, with the lid down, measures little more than
half an inch thick. A thin strip of lights across the back glows with Google's
signature colors, or delivers coded status reports. (Red means "charge me.")

Lift the lid and you meet the Pixel's dazzling touch display. The 12.85-inch
screen is unusually proportioned, with a 3:2 aspect ratio that Google says was
chosen to optimize it for viewing web pages over, say, widescreen videos. It's
gorgeous, with a pixel density of 239 per inch that the company says is the
highest on any laptop.

Under the hood are components that compare well with other high-end competitors,
including the solid-state storage, an Intel Core i5 processor and four gigabytes
of memory. But here's the thing: in a Chromebook, a lot of this stuff is
unnecessary.

Having a touch screen is certainly nice, but Google Docs isn't particularly
optimized for touch, nor are many web pages. A Core i5 is useful when you're
powering through Windows 8 or Mac applications, but here it's overkill, plain
and simple.

And overkill at a cost that isn't reflected just in the price: Perhaps a less
potent processor would be less of a drain on the Pixel's battery life.

Google claims it gets five hours of use, which is 23 per cent less than even the
$249 Chromebook from partner Samsung. I got even less: not much over four hours
when I was doing nothing more strenuous than streaming video over Wi-Fi. I also
found the battery drained after a couple of days in sleep mode, a stark contrast
to, say, Apple's MacBook Air, which can sleep for weeks and still hold its
charge.

As for the Chrome OS, it's much more usable than in its early days. There are
more things you can do offline, and synchronization with the cloud is
transparent when you are connected.

Still, I encountered odd glitches and ambiguous error messages, particularly
when the Pixel was reconnecting to the cloud after being awakened from slumber.

My guess is that Google doesn't really expect to sell many Pixels. It seems more
like a statement that Chromebooks can be high-end as well as low, and that
Google is capable of crafting beautiful hardware that compares favorably with
its competitors.

I'd find the statement a lot more compelling at half the price.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Enter the Pixel. Google unveils first smartphone in move to challenge Apple

BYLINE: James Titcomb

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 460 words


GOOGLE has taken the battle for supremacy in the mobile phone market to Apple by
releasing its first direct competitor to the iPhone.

The Google Pixel, unveiled yesterday evening, is the first smartphone designed
by the company and that bears its name. Its launch came as Google made the
biggest foray into consumer electronics in its history and sought to shake off
its reputation as purely an internet software company.

Google has not traditionally attacked Apple head on, instead developing the
Android software that powers phones made by Samsung, HTC and others and
endorsing a range of Nexus handsets made by third parties. But while sales of
Android phones eclipse those of the iPhone, Apple, which uniquely designs both
the software and the hardware of its devices, has dominated the profitable high
end of the market.

At £599, or from £719 for a larger "XL" model, the Pixel is placed firmly in
Apple's premium segment and comes with extras such as Google's voice-controlled
artificial intelligence assistant, unlimited photo storage and an advanced
camera.

Unlike the previous series of Nexus phones, which were sold in limited
quantities and largely online, Google will also focus on distributing the Pixel
through mobile networks and retailers, selecting EE and Carphone Warehouse in
the UK.

"They are going towards an overall strategy where they want to make Google
relevant and beyond a search [engine]," said Roberta Cozza, a research director
at Gartner. "Android is doing perfectly well but it might be a way for them to
gain a little bit more control and identity, and make the Google brand a little
bit stronger than the Android brand, which has been pulled in too many
directions."

Ms Cozza added that while the Pixel phone will not necessarily outsell rivals,
it will serve as an example to other Android phone makers. The company has been
frustrated by partners tweaking the software to relegate Google's own services,
and the company's efforts to force manufacturers to adopt its services on
Android phones have drawn scrutiny from the European Commission, which has
accused the company of breaching competition law.

The phone's release comes as iPhone sales are falling for the first time, and
Samsung is embroiled in the fallout from an embarrassing recall of millions of
defective handsets.

Google unveiled a series of other new devices at a highly anticipated event in
San Francisco. It announced that the Google Home, its voice-controlled wireless
speaker, would be released later this month ahead of a UK launch next year. The
device follows the surprise success of Amazon's Echo speaker, which went on sale
in Britain last week and has left rivals scrambling to catch up.

The company also unveiled the Daydream View, a virtual reality headset.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brian Rakowski, vice-president of Product Management at Google, speaks
about the new Pixel phone in San Francisco yesterdayBECK DIEFENBACH/ REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google aims to dominate the buzz;
Pixel phones highlight launch, but it's the other products where things gets
really interesting

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar Tech Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. GT7

LENGTH: 615 words


With a goal of building a personal Google for every user, the search-engine
giant announced new hardware at an event in San Francisco Tuesday, including new
smartphones, a virtual reality headset and a new Wi-Fi device.

The new products helped the company play catch-up in some of the buzziest
sectors in technology, including artificial intelligence (AI), virtual reality
(VR), 4K TV and "smart" homes.

"We are at a seminal moment in computing," said Sundar Pichai, Google's CEO.
"When I look ahead, we are evolving from a mobile-first to an AI-first computing
... It will be everywhere."

During the presentation, Pichai talked about Google's recent advances in AI and
machine learning, in part to talk about advances with Google Assistant (its Siri
rival), which the company wants to be the connective tissue between all of its
devices.

"Our vision is for to it be universal," he said. "It's equally important to get
the Assistant into the hands of users, which is what today is all about."

Signalling that this as a strong move into hardware, executives said these were
devices that are "designed by and made by Google." The company's previous
strategy was to license its tech and have it made by hardware partners, like it
did with its previous Nexus lines of phones.

Despite Tuesday's rhetoric, a spokesperson confirmed that while the products are
designed by the company, they will still be actually manufactured by partners.
As an example, the Pixel phones are being built by HTC.

Since the company reorganized itself as Alphabet, there have been reports about
it looking to turn more profit, as opposed to spending time and money on "moon
shots," the colloquial term for some of its more out there ideas.

Here are the products Google launched:

Google Pixel Phones

With the launch of these devices, Google's Nexus brand will officially be on
hiatus. There will be two sizes, the Pixel has a 5-inch screen and the Pixel XL
has a 5.5-inch screen.

The components of the phone are expected to be premium flagship class, with an
aluminum unibody design, Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM,
12-megapixel cameras and fingerprint scanners.

The Pixel will cost $899 and the XL will be $1,049 in Canada and launch in
November.

The phones will run Nougat, the latest Android OS, with unlimited photo and
video storage on Google Photos and the Assistant built in. They will also be the
first phones that support Daydream View, the company's new VR headset.

Daydream View

The company's VR headset that will work in conjunction with the new Pixel
phones. Similar to the Samsung Galaxy VR, the phones will slide in to power the
experience. It has a cloth material shell and will ship with a hand-held remote.

It will cost $79 (U.S.), with plans to launch in Canada before the end of 2016.

Google Wi-Fi

Like the U.S.-only Eero and Luma, Wi-Fi is part of a new thinking in router
design. Rather than a single wireless unit, these routers use a number of
modular remote devices that can be placed around the home to create a much
stronger signal. One costs $129 (U.S.) and a three-pack costs $299. It's coming
soon to Canada, likely in 2017.

Chromecast Ultra

Google is updating its TV dongle, which will now support 4K and HDR content. It
will cost $90 and launch sometime in November.

Google Home

Google Home is meant to compete with Amazon's Echo, a "smart" home speaker.
Using Google's Assistant, Home will allow you to use voice commands to play
music, get answers from Google, manage everyday tasks and control other smart
home devices. It is expected to be priced at $129 (U.S.), neither are available
here, though Google Home may arrive in 2017.

PlayStation goes virtual

Sony headset changes the game, GT11

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              266 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Phones built in-house to take on market

BYLINE:  Kieran Salsone

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 487  words



HIGHLIGHT: This new mobile phone is 100% Google


AFTER the headphone jack-less launch of the iPhone 7 and the explosive
tendencies of the Samsung Note 7, people may be out looking for an alternative
to the big two phone makers.

Fortunately, now, Google has taken what it's learned during its Nexus program
and begun building both the software and hardware for a new series of phones
in-house.

Welcome to the Google Pixel, a label some would already be familiar with if
you'd used Google's Chromebooks.

Where Google's previous Nexus phones were strictly Google-only affairs on the
software side, representing the cleanest Android boot you could find, they were
all built by external partners like LG.

The Pixel phone, launched last week, is Google's first attempt at controlling
the entire construction process.

The Pixel comes in two sizes. One comes with a 5-inch screen, making it slightly
larger than the iPhone 7, while the other comes with a 5.5-inch screen the same
size as the larger iPhone but smaller than Samsung's Note 7.

Both use the same 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 for the front screen and the
glass on the back, meaning it's going to look and feel great all around, even if
you don't put a case on it. On the back is also Google's fingerprint sensor
which can be swiped to unlock your phone or access notifications.

The Pixel's camera is, according to benchmarking service, DxOMark, the best one
currently strapped to a mobile, beating out the Galaxy S7 Edge, HTC 10, and the
Sony Xperia X Performance.

The camera's an impressive 12.3MP unit with an f/2.0 aperture and chunky 1.55
micron pixels.

Given the fantastic performance we saw when reviewing the iPhone 7's new camera,
we're keen to see how this on-paper dominance might translate into real-world
performance if it does at all.

Being a Google phone, software is key. It ships with the latest version of
Android 7.1 Nougat and like the Nexus phones before it, will receive updates
directly when they're available, not so much when your carrier decides to let
them through. Unless you buy it on contract.

Also freshly installed are Google's new communications apps, Duo and Allo,
competition to iOS's facetime and iMessage suite. While Allo doesn't focus quite
as heavily on allowing enormous stickers to become core parts of its
functionality like our recent app reviews might indicate, it's a full-blooded
messager all the same.

What's more important is that Google's Assistant, the competitor to Siri and
Cortana, is connected to everything on this phone, giving it an edge to really
shine. The Pixel is available for pre-order from both JB Hi-Fi and Telstra here
in Australia, with prices starting at $1079 for the 32gb 5" to $1419 for the
128GB 5.5". Telstra prices are part of a contract so may vary.

Comes in Very Silver and Quite Black, but no Really Blue for us Aussies.

Google Pixel

Screen sizes: 5" and 5.5"

Glass: 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4

Camera:12.3MP f/2.0

OS: Android 7.1 Nougat

Storage:32GB or 128GB

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 12:31 AM GMT

Google unveils Pixel mobile with artificial intelligence and 'best camera ever'

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 359 words


Google has revealed its new own-built smartphone, Pixel, which the tech giant
says has been built with artificial intelligence at its centre.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into its software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, and comes in both a 5in
and 5.5in size.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision, the tech giant said, aimed at replicating
the type of materials used in other wearable products.

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Google Pixel camera: Great, not revolutionary;
It wins in a photo finish vs. iPhone Plus 7, Galaxy

BYLINE: Graham, @jeffersongraham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 781 words


Google says its new Pixel smartphone camera is the highest-rated smartphone
camera ever.

Ever?

Naturally, we set out to discover whether that's true.

First, some housekeeping. Google bases its advertising claim on an early review
on the mobile smartphone site DxOMark, the lens- and camera-testing research arm
of the DxoLabs camera company.

DxO, which says on its Facebook page that no money exchanged hands for the early
review heavily touted in Google's advertising, gives Pixel an all-time-high
ranking of 89. That compares to 88 for the Samsung Galaxy S7 and 86 for the
iPhone 7.

But the rankings have to be taken with a grain of salt, because DxoMark hasn't
reviewed the iPhone 7 Plus. The larger, pricier version of the latest iPhone has
the stronger two-lens package that the iPhone 7 doesn't have, and that's been
considered best-of-show since its September release.

The Pixel has been available in pre-sales and will be in Verizon and Best Buy
stores Thursday, starting at $649 for the 5-inch model, or $769 for the already
sold-out 5.5-inch XL.

USA TODAY took out the XL for a shootout, along with the iPhone 7 Plus and
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, attached to a tripod so we could get similar,
back-to-back results. We shot in great light (midday), so-so (dusk) and terrible
(pre-dawn). We shot video while walking and bike-riding to test the image
stabilization for video, and shot panoramas, slow-mo video, quasi-360 "photo
spheres" and "lens blur" portraits that use software to produce a "bokeh" effect
that puts the background out of focus.

The victor? Well, the results from all three are so stellar, they're a testament
to just how good small lenses and software have become. All three make the $200
point-and-shoot camera with limited zoom now irrelevant. They're that good.

That said, I would indeed give the nod to the Pixel by a small hair: 9.8 out of
10, to the iPhone 7 Plus' 9.77 and the Galaxy's 9.76. It's that close.

It comes down to software and usability.

So let's dive in:

The Pixel has a 28mm-equivalent rear wide-angle lens with a f2.0 lens opening.
That compares to 28mm f1.9 for the iPhone 7 Plus and 26mm f1.7 for Galaxy. The
camera has a 4x digital zoom (software-speak for cropping the picture instead of
truly zooming in) compared with the 10x digital zoom of the iPhone 7 Plus and 8x
for S7. (Like with other digital zooms, the Pixel digital-zoom quality is
lackluster.)

The camera icon is front and center on the Pixel home screen, and there's no
need to search for the Camera Roll, or Gallery app to find your stored photos,
as they automatically go to Google Photos, the popular Android and iPhone app
for archiving photos.

The app offers free unlimited storage for non-Pixel users at a lowered
resolution, but on the Pixel, they're stored at full resolution.

(If you take photos when the phone is offline, they still go to Google Photos
and get uploaded to the cloud when you're back online.)

HDR+. Like the iPhone and Galaxy, Pixel also offers HDR, the ability to take
three shots in a row, one at normal exposure, and the other two under and over,
and then combined for one perfect shot. The + stands for "low light" supremacy,
Google says.

Software tricks: They're found by swiping right to go to video mode, where
slow-motion (for video) panorama, photo sphere (quasi-360) and lens-blur
settings are found. Lens blur again puts the center in focus, and you achieve by
shooting vertically, and tilting the camera upward while shooting. This is hard
to pull off in a horizontal shot. Burst mode (like the iPhone) lets you hold
your finger down on the shutter and get multiple (I picked up to 50) shots at
one time, which is great for action. An added bonus: Google automatically
produces an animated GIF from the files, which you can share easily. See the
example below.

Selfies: A switch next to the shutter button lets you flip to the front-facing
camera for selfie shots.

Manual overrides: White-balance adjustments are at the top of the screen, along
with a tab to turn the flash on and off. On-screen you can adjust focus and
exposure pretty effectively.

The goods:

Despite the hype, the Pixel isn't a revolutionary camera that will change the
way you look at photography and make pros want to ditch their DSLR cameras. It
is another slight step forward in what can be done with a tiny point-and-shoot
lens and software. But most of you won't be shooting in the middle of the night.
For average, daytime snapshots, group photos at restaurants and homes and the
like, you can't go wrong with Pixel, iPhone 7 Plus or Galaxy.

The results are so close, but the victory has to go to Pixel by a hair for the
low-light software tricks  Google has brought to the party.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Google's big launches tomorrow: Here's what to expect, how to watch

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 3 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Google has already sent invites out for it's big event on October 4 in San
Francisco, America.
 The event is expected to showcase the latest hardware from the company which
may include Nougat-based new smartphones, a tablet, Google Home, and much more.


 Here's your roundup of what to expect from Google on October 4:
 Pixel And Pixel XL Smartphones
 These Nougat-based smartphones are expected to make a debut replacing the Nexus
brand. As per reports, the phones are made by HTC within the design and
manufacturing process stipulated by Google.
 As per the leaks so far, the Pixel handset is likely have a 5-inch screen and
the Pixel XL a 5.5-inch screen. It is seen has having a 12MP rear camera and an
8MP front-facing camera, dual stereo speakers, a fingerprint reader on the back.

 Andromeda OS
 Google is likely to unify its Chrome and Android operating systems by the name
Andromeda
 Pixel 3 Laptop
 Google is reportedly planning a modular laptop which is expected to run on
Andromeda
 Google Wi-Fi Router
 Google could launch a next-gen Wi-Fi[#x200b] router like Eero or Luma.
 Daydream VR
 Google is expected to formally announced a mobile virtual reality (VR) platform
called Daydream V, which is expected to have a strong lineup of video and
gaming, including IMAX, CNN, Netflix, Lionsgate, and games.
 Tablet
 A 7-inch Huawei tablet is al;so expected to make a debut
 Google Chromecast Ultra
 It's looking more and more like Google will launch a 4K Chromecast device
called Chromecast Ultra.
 How to watch Google's October 4 event?
 The event will take place on Tuesday, October 4 starting at 9am Pacific. We
expect more details soon on how to livestream the event, which presumably will
be on Google's YouTube page (www.youtube.com/google) or its page for the launch
event (madeby.google.com).

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Google's October 4 event: Here's what to expect, how to watch

LENGTH: 304  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 28 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Google has already sent the invites out for it's big event on October 4 in San
Francisco, America.
 The event is expected to showcase the latest hardware from the company which
may include Nougat-based new smartphones, a tablet, Google Home, and much more.


 Here's your roundup of what to expect from Google on October 4:
 Pixel And Pixel XL Smartphones
 These Nougat-based smartphones are expected to make a debut replacing the Nexus
brand. As per reports, the phones are made by HTC within the design and
manufacturing process stipulated by Google.
 As per the leaks so far, the Pixel handset is likely have a 5-inch screen and
the Pixel XL a 5.5-inch screen. It is seen has having a 12MP rear camera and an
8MP front-facing camera, dual stereo speakers, a fingerprint reader on the back.

 Andromeda OS
 Google is likely to unify its Chrome and Android operating systems by the name
Andromeda
 Pixel 3 Laptop
 Google is reportedly planning a modular laptop which is expected to run on
Andromeda
 Google Wi-Fi Router
 Google could launch a next-gen Wi-Fi[#x200b] router like Eero or Luma.
 Daydream VR
 Google is expected to formally announced a mobile virtual reality (VR) platform
called Daydream V, which is expected to have a strong lineup of video and
gaming, including IMAX, CNN, Netflix, Lionsgate, and games.
 Tablet
 A 7-inch Huawei tablet is al;so expected to make a debut
 Google Chromecast Ultra
 It's looking more and more like Google will launch a 4K Chromecast device
called Chromecast Ultra.
 How to watch Google's October 4 event
 The event will take place on Tuesday, October 4 starting at 9am Pacific. We
expect more details soon on how to livestream the event, which presumably will
be on Google's YouTube page (www.youtube.com/google) or its page for the launch
event (madeby.google.com).

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                 July 27, 2015

Lava Pixel V1 to hit shelves today

BYLINE: VoicenData Bureau

LENGTH: 634  words


NEW DELHI: Domestic handset maker Lava has added Pixel V1 to its pixel series of
smartphones, which is its first Android One device in partnership with Google
and is priced at Rs 11, 350.

The Pixel V1 has been developed by close coordination between product R&D teams
at Lava and Google. The product features a marvel featuring a 5.5 inch wide HD
screen in a slim design and has a 73.6% screen to body ratio with a 76.3mm wide
body.

"Being on the Android One platform, the colour accuracy and brightness of the
smartphone is up to 300% better than the industry average. In particular, this
Android One device comes with an impressive touch screen that can detect up to
100 touches every second," a release said.

The smartphone will be available in two colors, White-Silver and Gold across all
national retail stores and multi-brand outlets. It will also be available online
exclusively through Flipkart.com from today. Additionally, the product will also
be placed at over 2,000 stores in all national and regional modern trade chains
and over 65,000 multi-brand outlets across the country.

* Key features of Pixel V1

* Google certified device

* 5.5 inch HD IPS display with Asahi Dragon-Trail glass

* Sleek slim fit design with a great screen to body ratio

* 32 GB internal memory

* Android One device that ensures latest upgrades

* Lag free experience

* 13 MP rear camera software and 8 MP front camera software

* Rear camera with 1.4 micron pixel size featuring F2.0 aperture, 5P largan lens
& blue glass filter

* Front camera with 1.4 micron pixel size featuring F2.4 aperture and 4P lens

* 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor

* Powerful 2560 mAh battery, optimised to last 90 minutes longer on Android One

The device packs 32 GB Internal memory further expandable up to 32 GB through SD
card, and a 2GB DDR3 RAM. A higher internal memory is better than an extended
memory since the read & write speeds from internal memory are 10X faster than a
typical external SD card, thereby leading to a lag free experience. It will also
allow a user to install all the upgrades and applications without running out of
space.

In terms of the camera, the Pixel V1 takes 13MP BSI Rear Camera Images (Software
enhanced 8MP sensor) and 8MP BSI front camera Images (software enhanced 5MP
sensor). The camera comes with 5P LarganTM lens and Blue Glass Filter that cuts
off infrared light to help the sensor reproduce true life-like colors. Full HD
video recording and playback is also supported.

The latest version of Android (Lollipop, 5.1) has a battery extension feature
that gives users up to 90 minutes of extra usage. The Pixel V1 is powered by 1.3
GHz Quad Core processor and houses dual SIM 3G+3G connectivity. The smartphone
features '5 point touch'. It also allows the user to experience Google voice
search and voice commands from the home screen using the "OK Google" feature
made famous by Google's Nexus range of devices

Navin Chawla, Vice President and Head Product, Lava International, said, "We are
extremely pleased about our association with Google to launch Lava's first
Android One device, the Pixel V1. This device sets the foundation for a new
category of smartphones by Lava that offer a great value and experience to the
consumer. Design being our forte, this product has been developed with leading
hardware components & specifications that integrate well with Android One.
Needless to say, with Google's stamp of authority on the software coupled with
the benefits of the Android One program this device will always stay the
latest."

Speaking on the occasion, Caesar Sengupta, VP, Product Management at Google,
said, "Google is pleased to collaborate with Lava on Android One - a program
designed to help bring high quality, affordable Android devices to everyone.
Together we will work to empower the next billion people."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2015 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Google claims Pixel has the best smartphone camera ever: Here's proof

BYLINE: DNA WEB TEAM

LENGTH: 125  words


Google has shared over 100 camera samples, clicked on the Pixel and Pixel XL
smartphones.

At the Pixel smartphone event, Google touted the new device's camera as "the
best smartphone camera ever". To back up this claim, the company has released a
slew of images clicked by camera lead Isaac Reynolds, clicked by the Pixel or
the Pixel XL.

Photos highlight the camera's strength, in a variety of settings including macro
shots, low light photos, and even aerial pictures from a drone, pointed out
Phandroid. However, the report pointed out that at least half of these photos
were processed with Snapseed and VSCO.

Lastly, the EXIF data revealed that the images were indeed, taken on Google's
new smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 15, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Top 10 Consumer Tech Stories Of The Week - Oct 10 to Oct 15

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 1203  words


Here's the roundup of the Top 10 Stories of the week...

Newly launched Google Pixel smartphones and iPhone 7 along with the explosive
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 seems to be the top trending stories every week. And, this
week too, the legacy continues. While we compared a list of interesting stuffs
you can actually avail for amount lesser than that of an iPhone 7 price tag,
including Thailand holiday, we even showcased two lines of code that can
actually bring the Google Assistant into your smartphone, without actually
shelling out thousands for a new Pixel smartphone.

Having said that, we couldn't stop ourselves from sharing the excitement of
Pixel smartphones being available up on Flipkart for pre-orders. This week, we
even came across Cyanogen OS's new ray of hope, a modular OS and a new CEO!

Along with this, will Xiaomi's costliest phone by priced around INR 40,000? That
is one more interesting thing we have come across this week, along with
Samsung's announcement of halting the production of the explosive Galaxy Note 7.

As usual, this week was a roller coaster ride for tech lovers, and if you had
missed out a part of it, here's a list of 10 best stories we have had on
TechTree this week.

Is This The Costliest Xiaomi Smartphone So Far?

Xiaomi is known for its budget segment smartphones that come with slew of
interesting features, along with other smart products ranging from accessories
to smart home appliances. However, what would the price of the costliest Xiaomi
smartphone ever be? Well, there are reports stating that the Chinese smartphone
company is rumoured to soon launch a new smartphone dubbed as Mi Note 2. While
we have already come across many rumours about the Mi Note 2, the latest
speculation is an interesting one.

Read The Full Story Here

Things You Can Do Instead Of Buying The iPhone 7

The latest duo of iPhones sport a sleek design, waterproof body, and they don't
explode like their biggest competitor. Little wonder then, the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus are among the best high-end handsets in the market. However, for most of us
Indians, the biggest issue with the latest iPhone is its pricing. Take for
instance the iPhone 7, which is relatively cheaper than the iPhone 7 Plus. Now
the 32 GB base model of the iPhone 7 costs a whopping Rs 60,000. I agree that
the latest iPhone is a performance beast with classy looks.

Google Pixel And Pixel XL Open For Pre-Orders On Flipkart

Google Pixel has bought it's latest flagship, the Pixel and Pixel XL
smart-phones in the country, and the counter for pre-orders have been opened.
The orders shall be taken from mid-might on Flipkart, and the deliveries for the
same ought to begin by the 26th October. Starting at Rs 57,000 for the Pixel,
there are the 32GB and 128GB options available for storage, and for the colors,
only the 'Very Silver' and 'Quiet Black' are open for sales. In fact, the Pixel
is available in Quiet Black color only, and the special edition 'Really Blue'
color is expected to come to India at a later date, but according to some
sources, may not come to India at all.

These Two Lines Of Code Can Bring Google Assistant To Your Phone

Google Assistant has become quite popular ever since it was unveiled recently
along with a Pixel smartphone by the search engine giant. But, laying hands on
the Pixel smartphone is still a dream for many, all thanks to its price tag.
However, you can definitely get Google Assistant to almost any smartphone that
runs on Nougat. If not Nougat, then you may have to install it. And, the second
important point is that you will need root access.

Huawei Launches The Honor 8 For Rs 30,000

Announced back in July, the Honor 8 has made its way to India. Much like the
Honor 6 Plus, this handset comes with a 12-megapixel dual camera setup. While
iPhone 7 Plus is yet to take full advantage of its two lenses, Honor uses the
camera assembly to enable users to play with depth of field even after clicking
the photograph. The phone sports a 5.2-inch Full HD IPS screen. The display
glass is slightly curved for seamless swiping experience. The handset is powered
by company's own Kirin 950 chip. The Honor 8 comes with 4 GB RAM and 32 GB
internal storage.

Modular OS From Cyanogen Released; Gets A New CEO

Cyanogen is undergoing big changes; former COO Lior Tal becomes the new CEO and
a member of the board, Kirk McMaster, the Co-Founder of Cyanogen, is now
Executive Chairman, Steve Kondik, Co-Founder and CTO will now be Chief Science
Officer. And to top it all, the launch of the Modular OS has taken place, which
will have Cyanogen develop the OS only in part, and provide several modules and
mods, allowing Android manufacturers customize the OS according to their ROM
specifications. This development comes as a part of the company's new Mod
initiative, apart from the leadership changes.

Samsung Kills The Galaxy Note 7 Over Safety Issues

There's no nice way to put it: Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 has been a disaster.
After desperately trying to do the damage control, the Korean smartphone giant
has finally pulled the plug on its latest flagship handset that was supposed to
compete with the iPhone 7 during the Holiday season. After releasing to glowing
reviews, the Note 7 started making headlines for all the wrong reasons. A record
number of users reported that the handset sets itself on fire. After initial
investigation, Samsung blamed it on the faulty batteries and initiated a
replacement program with "safe" batteries.

Here's Why Google Pixel Does Not Need OIS Feature On Its Camera

With the competition in higher end of smartphone market heating up with the
introduction of the Google Pixel handsets earlier this month, it is time that
the nitty-gritties of the phone be scrutinized, even by the fanbase of Google
and Android. This time, the issue is the absence of OIS (Optical Image
Stabilization) a staple feature in most smartphones these days, including some
lower cost models, including some mid-range handsets. Everyone is already
wondering, what could be the reason behind it, and what trick Google has up its
sleeve, since it claims that it takes the best pictures in low-light conditions,
and 4K definition.

Meizu M4 Photos Surface On TENAA

Chinese smartphone company seems to be all set to soon launch a new smartphone
which is reportedly being called as the M4. While there is no official
announcement on the availability of the new device, it has been reported by
GizmoChina via a Weibo user on TENAA. The listing showcases two photos of the
Meizu M4, thereby giving us a clear picture of what we may expect from the
device, that is speculated to be launched in November, this year.

ZTE May Launch New Variant Of Nubia Z11 Mini On Oct 17

Chinese smartphone maker ZTE has recently announced an event to be held on Oct
17 in China, where, a new smartphone is expected to be launched, according to a
number of reports. The rumours in-fact hint towards the launch of a new variant
of the Z11 Mini. Speaking about the new device, reports also state that the
company is expected to bring in a couple of new features in the camera
department, where users may get a dual-rear camera setup. However, as we have
said earlier, there is no official announcement that can emphasize these
reports.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on August 5 titled as "Removing
illumination variation from images"

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,798,393 on
August 5, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Removing illumination
variation from images"

Inventors:  Kwatra; Vivek (Santa Clara, CA), Han; Mei (Palo Alto, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
image comprising varying illumination is selected. Patches of pixels from among
the plurality of pixels with the image are identified. Similarities between
pairs of patches of pixels based on pixel intensities associated with the pairs
of patches of pixels are calculated. Illumination values for the plurality of
pixels within the image based on the calculated similarities between the pairs
of patches of pixels is calculated. The illumination variation from the image is
removed based on the calculated illumination values for the plurality of pixels
within the image."

The patent was filed on November 30, 2011 Application no. 13/308,411

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Google unveils Pixel smartphones

BYLINE: STEVE HOGARTY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 188 words


AFTER some hefty leaks last week, Google has just officially unveiled a new
collection of devices with Google Assistant - the tech giant's artificial
intelligence engine - at their core.

Chief among Google's announcements was the reveal of its new phone, called
Pixel.

The iPhone rivalling handset is available in two sizes, Pixel and Pixel XL, with
the former sporting a 5-inch 1080p screen and the larger version sporting a
5.5-inch Quad HD screen.

Both models have otherwise identical specifications. The phone is powered by the
Snapdragon 821 processor and runs on the latest Nougat release of Android.

The rear-camera has a 12.3MP resolution and a f/2.0 aperture, with HDR+
functionality, image stabilisation and the promise of the fastest shutter speeds
of any phone on the market.

All Pixel owners will also receive infinite online storage space for photos and
videos. A quick charging feature can provide up to seven hours battery life from
a 15 minute charge.

Pixel will be £599 (32GB) and £699 (128GB) and Pixel XL at £719 (32 GB) and £819
(128GB). They are now available for pre-order and on sale and in store on 20
October.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Prices for Google's Pixel phones start from £599 and will be in store
on 20 October

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

Google's new laptop offers stunning features -- once it starts running

BYLINE: By Dan Nakaso dnakaso@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


Our review ofGoogle'sGOOG ) new Chromebook Pixel laptop got off to a bumpy start
when the thing wouldn't even fire up.

A Google spokeswoman initially diagnosed the problem over the phone as a faulty
"power brick" because the barrel end of the power source that plugs into the
Chromebook Pixel didn't light up green as it's designed to do.

So while we waited for a new power source -- and laptop -- to arrive from Google
headquarters in Mountain View, we spent the time passing the Chromebook Pixel
around the newsroom and comparing it to one of Google's main competition -- my
11-inch, MacBook Air.

Where the MacBook Air has rounded edges and a shape reminiscent of the old
"clamshell"AppleAAPL ) laptops of old, the new 12.85-inch Chromebook Pixel has
the sharper edges and muscular look of an F-117 stealth fighter.

While it's slightly narrower than my MacBook Air, the Chromebook Pixel sits a
good inch-and-a-quarter deeper and -- at 3.35 pounds -- is considerably heftier.

But the Chromebook Pixel's smoke gray, aluminum skin makes it look very slick
and very cool.

Tim Chae, a lead Chrome OS tech, finally arrived from Mountain View just before
deadline and said the power brick wasn't to blame after all. We received a bad
laptop, which Chae said has never happened with the Chromebook Pixel.

After typing my gmail address into the new laptop as required, Chae quickly
fired it up and put it through its paces.

The Chromebook Pixel's display is loaded with more pixels per inch than any
laptop on the market, so images are stunning. And the Pixel's touch-screen
capabilities make navigating the Internet and playing with apps a breeze. Keys
on the top of the keyboard also allow easy maneuvering around the web.

There is no touch-screen keyboard, however, so you still need to use the
old-fashioned keyboard to type in the names of websites and such.

With only enough time left on deadline for a quick test drive, the Chromebook
Pixel showed enough pixel power to represent a step forward. But its sizable
price tag -- $1,299 for 32 gigs of flash storage and Wi-Fi only, and $1,449 for
64 gigs of flash storage and the ability to connect to Verizon's 4G network --
represents a big enough price jump to give the MacBook Air another look. On the
other hand, the Chromebook Pixel comes with a whopping 1,000 gigs of online
storage.

Contact Dan Nakaso at 408-271-3648. Follow him at Twitter.com/dannakaso.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 7:49 PM GMT

Google Pixel: Tech giant unveils new smartphone to rival Apple's iPhone 7

BYLINE: Hatty Collier

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 509 words


Tech giant Google today unveiled its much-anticipated new smartphone to rival
Apple's popular iPhone 7.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into the software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, both in a 5in and 5.5in
XL size.

The tech giant event went as far as to reference Apple on stage showing a
"storage full" message from an iPhone, something it said Pixel would avoid with
unlimited full resolution backups of photos and videos using Google Photos'
cloud storage.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the new phone
at the launch in San Francisco (AP)

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about the new Google Assistant (AP)

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision, the tech giant said, aimed at replicating
the type of materials used in other wearable products.

The phone's come in "Quite Black" and "Very Silver" (PA)

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

Read more

A guide to cloud storage from Amazon Drive to iCloud and Google Drive

Google releases its 18th birthday doodle today- but when was the company
actually founded?

8 rules of video calls: from Skype to FaceTime and Google Duo

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

Google also introduced a range of new products aimed at creating a "smart home",
including Google WiFi, a new system of small WiFi receivers placed around a home
to build a network that will improve signal, the internet company said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 7:49 PM GMT

Google Pixel: Tech giant unveils new smartphone to rival Apple's iPhone 7

BYLINE: Hatty Collier

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 518 words


Tech giant Google today unveiled its much-anticipated new smartphone to rival
Apple's popular iPhone 7.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into the software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, both in a 5in and 5.5in
XL size.

The tech giant event went as far as to reference Apple on stage showing a
"storage full" message from an iPhone, something it said Pixel would avoid with
unlimited full resolution backups of photos and videos using Google Photos'
cloud storage.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the new phone
at the launch in San Francisco (AP)

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

SpecOut | Graphiq

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about the new Google Assistant (AP)

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision, the tech giant said, aimed at replicating
the type of materials used in other wearable products.

The phone's come in "Quite Black" and "Very Silver" (PA)

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

Read more

A guide to cloud storage from Amazon Drive to iCloud and Google Drive

Google releases its 18th birthday doodle today- but when was the company
actually founded?

8 rules of video calls: from Skype to FaceTime and Google Duo

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

Google also introduced a range of new products aimed at creating a "smart home",
including Google WiFi, a new system of small WiFi receivers placed around a home
to build a network that will improve signal, the internet company said.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Google Maps introduces HD satellite imagery from Landsat 8 - Enjoy the view!

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 29 -- Google Maps is probably one of the most useful apps you
have on your phone. It's accurate and provides you with great images when you
have to search for places.


 Now, Google has decided to treat Google Maps users to an imagery upgrade! Yes,
you heard that right!
 Say hello to fresh, high resolution, high definition images coming to you
directly from Landsat 8 satellite. The earlier version used Landsat 7.
 In a blog post, Google says that to obtain such images, it looked at millions
of imaging and used new processing techniques to come up with the new
cloud-free, seamless version.
 According to Google, Landsat 8 is capable of capturing twice as many images as
Landsat 7 does every day.
 In the blog post, Google wrote, "Like our previous mosaic, we mined data from
nearly a petabyte of Landsat imagery-that's more than 700 trillion individual
pixels-to choose the best cloud-free pixels. To put that in perspective, 700
trillion pixels is 7,000 times more pixels than the estimated number of stars in
the Milky Way Galaxy, or 70 times more pixels than the estimated number of
galaxies in the Universe."
 Landsat 8 is an American Earth observation satellite that was launched in
February 2013. It is the eighth satellite in the Landsat program and the seventh
to make it to the orbit successfully.
 The new imagery is now available across all Google mapping products.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on August 26 titled as "Imaging
device with a plurality of depths of field"

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,817,167, on
August 26, 2014, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Imaging device with a
plurality of depths of field"

Inventors: Miao; Xiaoyu (Sunnyvale, CA)
Assignee: Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
imaging device includes an image sensor that includes a first group of pixels
and a second group of pixels disposed on a semiconductor die. The first group of
pixels are arranged to capture a first image and the second group of pixels are
arranged to capture a second image. The imaging device also includes a first
lens configured to focus image light from a first focus distance onto the first
group of pixels. The imaging device further includes a second lens configured to
focus the image light from a second focus distance onto the second group of
pixels and not the first group of pixels. The first lens is positioned to focus
the image light from the first focus distance onto the first group of pixels and
not the second group of pixels. The first focus distance is different than the
second focus distance."

The patent was filed on. July 13, 2012 Application no. 13/548,717

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

HTC to do After-sales Service for Pixel

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 502 words


Google has tied up with HTC to offer aftersales service of its Pixel smartphone
in 30 cities in the country and will sell the device through more than 1,000
retail outlets as it looks to take on Apple's iPhone 7 this festive season.

Google Pixel may prove the biggest challenge to the latest iPhone in the world's
fastest growing yet most competitive smartphone market this season as top
handset maker Samsung won't sell the Galaxy Note 7, having stopped production
and global sales due to reports of some replacement devices catching fire, and
the internet giant looks set for its most aggressive play in India yet.

\x93We have partnered with HTC India for after sales service in 56 walk-in
service centres in over 30 cities,\x93 a Google spoke

sperson said. \x93Redington India is our national distributor for all channels
in India.\x93

A toll free customer care number will handle customer queries, the spokesperson
said.

All Pixel phones will be made

by HTC and will be imported into India, although HTC gets its own smartphones
assembled in Noida facility of contract manufacturer Optiemus-Wistron.

While Google will sell the pho

nes on its own, it will piggyback on HTC's retail network as well. Pixel will be
sold through seven large format store chains including Vijay Sales, Croma,
Reliance Digital, Jumbo, Spice Mobility, Poorvika and Sangeetha Mobiles across
the country.

Online pre-bookings and sa

les will be done through Flipkart. Google introduced the 5inch Pixel and
5.5-inch Pixel XL smartphones earlier this month, with pre-orders in India
slated to begin on October 13 and deliveries planned for the month end.

The company, which has traditionally let hardware companies LG and Huawei take
the forefront for selling and marketing its previous Nexus range of phones
alongside branding on the device, has changed its strategy significantly.

\x93Pixel is surely a shift from its traditional strategy only with the role
reversals between Google and its partner,\x93 said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst
at Counterpoint Research.

One of the reasons Google ventured into hardware is that it wants to position
its AI (artificial intelligence) as the next big differentiator in smartphone
space, which might get lost if it lets other handset makers

market the same at least for the initial product, Pathak said.

Analysts point out that sales in the premium smartphone segment are dependent on
shelf space a product occupies across different points of sale as consumers want
to touch and feel the product before purchasing an expensive phone. That is
another reason why Google has taken the lead in promoting the phone over social
media rather than letting HTC market the device, they said.

\x93Despite the price, Pixel can sell in India for niche customers...and now it
has a better chance with Samsung going out,\x93 said a Delhi-based retailer who
requested not to be named.

Get a daily mail with the most important news on the telecom industry from all
media outlets.Send a blank mail to join@ettelecom.com to sign up.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        July 27, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Lava Pixel V1 Android One Smartphone Launched At Rs 11,349

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 477  words


Update: Lava Pixel V1 Android One Smartphone has been launched at Rs 11,349 with
specifications similar to what had been leaked earlier. You can grab one of
these here (http://www.flipkart.com/lava-pixel
-v1/p/itme8nzvg9m26bxy?pid=MOBE8NZV2VHRZB3K&otracker=hp_widget_banner_1_image).

The rumour mill is on full run latelyhinting about the upcoming Android One
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)smartphone
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)in India
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)which is expected to be made by
Lava. Recently,Lava also sent out invites
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9519/lava-unveil-second-generation-android
-one-handset-next-week.html) to an event to be held on July 27 in Delhi adding
more to the rumours about the new Android One device.

The Indian retailer MySmartPrice (http://www.mysmartprice.com/mobile/lava-pixel
-v1-msp7667) has recently revealed the Lava Pixel V1, an Android 5.1.1 device
that is said to be priced at around Rs 11,349.

While nearly one year after the first Android One smartphones debuted in India,
Google has finally made its mind to give a bump in the specifications of its
Android One series.

Coming to the specs, the Lava Pixel V1 comes with a quad-core 64 bit Qualcomm
processor, 2 GB of RAM, 5.5 inch HD display with Asahi Dragon Trail glass, 32 GB
of internal memory which can be expanded via microSD card and a dual SIM card
slot.

The smartphone also comes with a 13 MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and 5 MP
front camera with 3G network connectivity support and WiFi, Bluetooth and GPS
connectivity.

The smartphone comes with a 2,650 mAh battery and runs on Android 5.1 Lollipop.
Since the Lava Pixel V1 is part of the Android One initiative, it is guaranteed
to get at least two years' worth of Android updates straight from Google, which
should start with Android M.

However, the smartphone may disappoint a few as it is not 4G enabled, but
keeping the price point in view, we feel it is worth for what we pay.

Churning out the past a little, we all know that things didn't turn out to be
how Google actually wanted
(http://www.techtree.com/content/features/9478/why-android-one-turn-out-one-
google-needed.html) especially with the outburst of Chinese players like Xiaomi
that offered better specs in the similar price range.

The Lava Pixel V1 is definitely one of the best-looking Android One phones that
we've seen to date. The first models were somewhat plain black slabs, and while
things have gotten a bit better lately, the Pixel V1's thin bezels and
white-and-silver backside definitely make it more attractive that its
predecessors.

However, An official announcement of the Lava Pixel V1 is expected to come on
July 29.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

HTC to do After-sales Service for Pixel

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 446 words


Google has tied up with HTC to offer aftersales service of its Pixel smartphone
in 30 cities in the country and will sell the device through more than 1,000
retail outlets as it looks to take on Apple's iPhone 7 this festive season.

Google Pixel may prove the biggest challenge to the latest iPhone in the world's
fastest growing yet most competitive smartphone market this season as top
handset maker Samsung won't sell the Galaxy Note 7, having stopped production
and global sales due to reports of some replacement devices catching fire, and
the internet giant looks set for its most aggressive play in India yet.

\x93We have partnered with

HTC India for after sales service in 56 walk-in service centres in over 30
cities,\x93 a Google spokesperson said.\x93Redington India is our national
distributor for all channels in India.\x93

A toll free customer care number will handle customer queries, the spokesperson
said.

All Pixel phones will be made by HTC and will be imported into India, although
HTC

gets its own smartphones assembled in Noida facility of contract manufacturer
Optiemus-Wistron.

While Google will sell the phones on its own, it will piggyback on HTC's retail
network as well. Pixel will be sold through seven large

format store chains including Vijay Sales, Croma, Reliance Digital, Jumbo, Spice
Mobility, Poorvika and Sangeetha Mobiles across the country.

Online pre-bookings and sales will be done through Flipkart. Google introduced
the 5-inch Pixel and 5.5inch Pixel XL smartphones earlier this month, with
pre-orders in India slated to begin on October 13 and deliveries planned for the
month end.

The company, which has traditionally let hardware companies LG and Huawei take
the forefront for selling and marketing its previous Nexus range of phones
alongside branding on the device, has changed its strategy significantly.

\x93Pixel is surely a shift from its traditional strategy only with the role
reversals between Google and its part

ner,\x93 said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research. One of the
reasons Google ventured into hardware is that it wants to position its AI
(artificial intelligence) as the next big differentiator in smartphone space,
which might get lost if it lets other handset makers market the same at least
for the initial product, Pathak said.Analysts point out that sales in the
premium smartphone segment are dependent on shelf space a product occupies
across different points of sale as consumers want to touch and feel the product
before purchasing an expensive phone.

Get a daily mail with the most important news on the telecom industry from all
media outlets. Send a blank mail to join@ettelecom.com to sign up.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Google's Pixel Smartphone Comes With Killer Specs And Weird Back

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 284  words


Google's first premium handset is set to take on the iPhone 7.

After numerous leaks, Google has finally unveiled its Pixel smartphone.
According to the search-giant, it is the first phone made inside and out by the
company. Google claims that the goal of Nexus program was to work closely with
mobile handset partners around the world to deliver the best of Android. Pixel
is the next step to bring the hardware and software design together under one
roof.

Made of premium glass and metals, this device is supposed to take on the iPhpne
7 duo. The only problem is that compared to Apple's latest phones, the Pixel's
back looks quite repulsive. Seriously, why on Earth would you experiment with
the glossy and matte surface on a single side?

As far as the specifications are concerned, you get a 5-inch Full HD AMOLED
screen. It is powered by a quad-core Snapdragon 821 chipset and has 4 GB RAM.
Although the phone isn't available at this point, Google claims that the Pixel
"the highest rated smartphone camera. Ever." What you get here is a 12-megapixel
rear camera that lacks OIS (Optical Image Stabilisation). Instead it makes do
with EIS (Electronic Image Stabilisation) that's mostly found in budget or
mid-range phones.

Highest rated camera. Ever! On a phone that's not even released.

The Pixel comes with a fingerprint sensor. Other features include 4G VoLTE,
Wi-Fi , Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, USB Type-C, and 2770 mAh battery. On the software
side of the things, you get the latest Android 7.1 Nougat. Starting today, the
Pixel will be up for pre-order in the US, Canada, Germany, and Australia. The 32
GB base variant is priced at $649 (approx Rs 43,000), whereas the 128 GB model
costs $749 (approx Rs 50,000).

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 12:31 AM GMT

Google expected to unveil new Pixel smartphones

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 301 words


Google is set to unveil two new smartphones as the technology giant aims to
challenge Samsung and Apple in the premium phone market.

According to reports and a series of leaked photos, the company will on Tuesday
announce the Pixel and Pixel XL as replacements for Google's own-brand Nexus
smartphones.

It has been suggested the Pixel will have a 5in display and the Pixel XL a 5.5in
screen.

The devices will reportedly come with cutting-edge Snapdragon processors,
12-megapixel cameras, fingerprint scanners and larger batteries.

Both phones are also expected to arrive with the latest version of Google's
Android software, 7.1 Nougat.

The announcement will take place during a live event in San Francisco, where the
firm is also expected to give more information on its smart home device, Google
Home, which was announced in May.

It enables users to talk to Google's artificial intelligence system to find out
news, weather and travel information, as well as control smart appliances in
their home, including lights and thermostats, using their voice.

The smart speaker is seen as a competitor to Amazon's Echo system which has just
gone on sale in the UK.

An updated version of the Google Chromecast, which enables users to stream
content from their mobile devices to their TV, is also rumoured to be among
Google's plans for the event, with the ability to support 4K definition TV
expected to be revealed.

There have also been suggestions of a new version of Android, designed for
laptops and tablets, incorporating aspects of the Chrome OS software Google uses
for its desktop computers.

Android executive Hiroshi Lockheimer hinted at the change in a tweet last week:
"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8
years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 12:31 AM GMT

Google expected to unveil new Pixel smartphones

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 301 words


Google is set to unveil two new smartphones as the technology giant aims to
challenge Samsung and Apple in the premium phone market.

According to reports and a series of leaked photos, the company will on Tuesday
announce the Pixel and Pixel XL as replacements for Google's own-brand Nexus
smartphones.

It has been suggested the Pixel will have a 5in display and the Pixel XL a 5.5in
screen.

The devices will reportedly come with cutting-edge Snapdragon processors,
12-megapixel cameras, fingerprint scanners and larger batteries.

Both phones are also expected to arrive with the latest version of Google's
Android software, 7.1 Nougat.

The announcement will take place during a live event in San Francisco, where the
firm is also expected to give more information on its smart home device, Google
Home, which was announced in May.

It enables users to talk to Google's artificial intelligence system to find out
news, weather and travel information, as well as control smart appliances in
their home, including lights and thermostats, using their voice.

The smart speaker is seen as a competitor to Amazon's Echo system which has just
gone on sale in the UK.

An updated version of the Google Chromecast, which enables users to stream
content from their mobile devices to their TV, is also rumoured to be among
Google's plans for the event, with the ability to support 4K definition TV
expected to be revealed.

There have also been suggestions of a new version of Android, designed for
laptops and tablets, incorporating aspects of the Chrome OS software Google uses
for its desktop computers.

Android executive Hiroshi Lockheimer hinted at the change in a tweet last week:
"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8
years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       October 3, 2016 Monday 5:11 PM GMT

Google expected to unveil new Pixel smartphones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 301 words


Google is set to unveil two new smartphones as the technology giant aims to
challenge Samsung and Apple in the premium phone market.

According to reports and a series of leaked photos, the company will on Tuesday
announce the Pixel and Pixel XL as replacements for Google's own-brand Nexus
smartphones.

It has been suggested the Pixel will have a 5in display and the Pixel XL a 5.5in
screen.

The devices will reportedly come with cutting-edge Snapdragon processors,
12-megapixel cameras, fingerprint scanners and larger batteries.

Both phones are also expected to arrive with the latest version of Google's
Android software, 7.1 Nougat.

The announcement will take place during a live event in San Francisco, where the
firm is also expected to give more information on its smart home device, Google
Home, which was announced in May.

It enables users to talk to Google's artificial intelligence system to find out
news, weather and travel information, as well as control smart appliances in
their home, including lights and thermostats, using their voice.

The smart speaker is seen as a competitor to Amazon's Echo system which has just
gone on sale in the UK.

An updated version of the Google Chromecast, which enables users to stream
content from their mobile devices to their TV, is also rumoured to be among
Google's plans for the event, with the ability to support 4K definition TV
expected to be revealed.

There have also been suggestions of a new version of Android, designed for
laptops and tablets, incorporating aspects of the Chrome OS software Google uses
for its desktop computers.

Android executive Hiroshi Lockheimer hinted at the change in a tweet last week:
"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8
years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       October 3, 2016 Monday 5:11 PM GMT

Google expected to unveil new Pixel smartphones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 301 words


Google is set to unveil two new smartphones as the technology giant aims to
challenge Samsung and Apple in the premium phone market.

According to reports and a series of leaked photos, the company will on Tuesday
announce the Pixel and Pixel XL as replacements for Google's own-brand Nexus
smartphones.

It has been suggested the Pixel will have a 5in display and the Pixel XL a 5.5in
screen.

The devices will reportedly come with cutting-edge Snapdragon processors,
12-megapixel cameras, fingerprint scanners and larger batteries.

Both phones are also expected to arrive with the latest version of Google's
Android software, 7.1 Nougat.

The announcement will take place during a live event in San Francisco, where the
firm is also expected to give more information on its smart home device, Google
Home, which was announced in May.

It enables users to talk to Google's artificial intelligence system to find out
news, weather and travel information, as well as control smart appliances in
their home, including lights and thermostats, using their voice.

The smart speaker is seen as a competitor to Amazon's Echo system which has just
gone on sale in the UK.

An updated version of the Google Chromecast, which enables users to stream
content from their mobile devices to their TV, is also rumoured to be among
Google's plans for the event, with the ability to support 4K definition TV
expected to be revealed.

There have also been suggestions of a new version of Android, designed for
laptops and tablets, incorporating aspects of the Chrome OS software Google uses
for its desktop computers.

Android executive Hiroshi Lockheimer hinted at the change in a tweet last week:
"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8
years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       October 3, 2016 Monday 5:11 PM GMT

Google expected to unveil new Pixel smartphones

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 301 words


Google is set to unveil two new smartphones as the technology giant aims to
challenge Samsung and Apple in the premium phone market.

According to reports and a series of leaked photos, the company will on Tuesday
announce the Pixel and Pixel XL as replacements for Google's own-brand Nexus
smartphones.

It has been suggested the Pixel will have a 5in display and the Pixel XL a 5.5in
screen.

The devices will reportedly come with cutting-edge Snapdragon processors,
12-megapixel cameras, fingerprint scanners and larger batteries.

Both phones are also expected to arrive with the latest version of Google's
Android software, 7.1 Nougat.

The announcement will take place during a live event in San Francisco, where the
firm is also expected to give more information on its smart home device, Google
Home, which was announced in May.

It enables users to talk to Google's artificial intelligence system to find out
news, weather and travel information, as well as control smart appliances in
their home, including lights and thermostats, using their voice.

The smart speaker is seen as a competitor to Amazon's Echo system which has just
gone on sale in the UK.

An updated version of the Google Chromecast, which enables users to stream
content from their mobile devices to their TV, is also rumoured to be among
Google's plans for the event, with the ability to support 4K definition TV
expected to be revealed.

There have also been suggestions of a new version of Android, designed for
laptops and tablets, incorporating aspects of the Chrome OS software Google uses
for its desktop computers.

Android executive Hiroshi Lockheimer hinted at the change in a tweet last week:
"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8
years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      October 6, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Google's Pixel Phones Cost A Bomb In India

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 248  words


The base model of Google's iPhone 7 competitor is priced at Rs 57,000.

Google is taking on the iPhone 7 with its Pixel series phones. The search giant
is not only trying to match the premium feel of Apple's devices, but also the
pricing part. As revealed by the search-giant itself on its official blog, the
Pixel phone's base model will cost you Rs 57,000. However, the blog article does
not disclose the cost of other variants. If MySmartPrice.com's product listings
are to be believed, the 128 GB storage option will be pegged at Rs 66,000. The
Pixel XL (32 GB) will set you back for Rs 67,000, whereas the top model burn a
Rs 76,000 hole in your pocket!

The Pixel is Google's first phone made inside and out by the company. I'm sure
that's reason enough for the Android fans to get excited. However, it will be
interesting to see if the handset will find many takers in the value conscious
market such as India. Especially, considering that even Apple is losing its
ground in India due to its exuberant pricing.

The Pixel and Pixel XL will be up for pre-booking starting October 13 in India.
Both these handsets are powered by the powerful Snapdragon 821 chip with 4 GB
RAM. In the photography department, you get a 12-megapixel main camera with EIS
(Electronic Image Stabilisation). For selfies, there's an 8-megapixel
front-facing camera. Other features include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, and
A-GPS. On the software front, the Pixel phones will run Android 7.1 Nougat
out-of-the-box.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Google's Pixels get very personal

LENGTH: 790  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 6 -- You have a new family member. And co-worker. And best
friend. And helper. And alter ego. Her name is nothing in particular but you can
call her 'OK Google'. And she is coming to you in a set of phones that go by the
name of Pixel, from where she will proceed to make her way to a world of
devices. You already met her in Google Allo, the messenger app launched
recently, but now she has gained a voice which earned her the right to jump into
your phone.


 A bevy of Google execs just launched a bevy of devices at an event in San
Francisco and if there is one thing in common about them it is that they have
Google's virtual assistant at their core. This, as Sundar Pichai, CEO Google Inc
said, is about hardware and software with artificial intelligence sandwiched in
between.
 Two Android Nougat phones made by HTC but really by Google mark the voice
assistant's debut into the world at large. The phones themselves look good, as
Android devices do these days, and are in two sizes: 5 inches and 5.5 inches or
the Pixel and Pixel XL. They have the same specs otherwise which includes
different storage options and a camera being touted as stellar. They are to be
available for order in India from October 13 on multiple online channels. But
brace brace brace: they start at [#x20b9]57,000. You have to want that assistant
very badly.
 At this point you might want to ask why Google is making hardware at all, but
this, the company says, is because things are getting so complex you have to
figure out both hardware and software and their new equation to each other with
the addition of artificial intelligence and machine learning, whose moment has
undoubtedly come.
 Just in case the assistant is not enough to lure you, the Pixel phones are
coming with cameras that shoot with zero shutter lag, whizzing through image
processing, and capturing images with HDR Plus and video. Unfortunately, it does
not have actual optical image stabilisation. You will also get unlimited storage
on Google Photos to store away your memories in original resolution. The devices
are powerful and with their launch, Google is effectively stiff competition to
its Android partners, chiefly Samsung. What is more, Google is going the whole
hog with getting into relationships with carriers, distribution and so on.
 To go with the Pixel phones, but at an optional additional $79, a new headset
Daydream View takes Google beyond its experimental Cardboard virtual reality
toy. Designed with the blessings of fashion designers and those who know about
what people like to wear, the headset has a lot of fabric and is designed to be
comfortable and light, even housing a user's spectacles if need be. Like the
other tech giants, Google is setting great store on virtual reality as a full
fledged platform of the future and has already worked with content partners to
bring entertainment, education and its own Street View to the headset. The Pixel
phones are Daydream-ready, as are quite a few phones by other manufacturers.
 Where the virtual assistant comes into her own is really in your home, with the
family all around. Entering with three products. This includes a set of WiFi
routers to which you can add more points improves throughput and intelligently
switches you from one point to the other depending on where you are and what you
are doing. A supporting app lets you control access manually if you choose,
halting the kids' Youtube binging long enough for them to get to the table for
dinner.
 Another home device is an Amazon Echo competitor, a speaker with the virtual
assistant built in and a touch sensitive panel on top. With this device, you can
go about your home life asking and ordering the virtual assistant around giving
you whatever information you need and setting in progress several tasks and
reminders. In other words, Google Assistant joins the family.
 Not forgetting entertainment, Google is launching Chromecast Ultra, a 4K
version of its content streaming device which will work with Netflix, YouTube
and other providers.
 There is no news on if and when devices besides the Pixel phones will be
available in India.
 Ultimately, as everyone has been saying all along, all this hardware is really
about software. But now, when the world has reached an inflexion point where
technologies like AI and machine learning are concerned, it is also about turbo
charging personalisation. Being better able to understand each person's
individual context, Google will become seamlessly woven into everyday
activities. In the process, the tech giant will have unprecedented information
on every users, but that is a trade-off many will be willing to make. As Sundar
Pichai puts it, each individual will have his or her own personal Google.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 7, 2015 Saturday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on February 03 titled as "Color
space conversion between semi-planar YUV and planar YUV formats"

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,947,449, on
February 03, 2015, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Color space
conversion between semi-planar YUV and planar YUV formats"

Inventors: Dodd; Michael (Seattle, WA)
Assignee: Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system and techniques for converting a source image frame in a particular YUV
format to another YUV format is presented. The system can include a texture
component, a luminance component, and a chrominance component. The texture
component can be configured to generate luminance input pixels and chrominance
input pixels from the source image. The luminance input pixels can each include
a luma component and the chrominance input pixels can each include a first
chroma component and a second chroma component. The luminance component can be
configured to generate luminance output pixels, where the luminance output
pixels can each include a group of luminance input pixels. The chrominance
component can be configured to generate chrominance output pixels, where the
chrominance output pixels can each include a group of first chroma components or
a group of second chroma components."

The patent was filed on February 21, 2012 Application no. 13/401,789

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                             October 7, 2016 Friday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

Google now a hardware company

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 913 words


The tech giant we know for its email services and search engine now wants to
sell us premium smartphones, a virtual reality headset, a smart speaker, a 4K
streaming device and a modular router, all centered around the AI-powered Google
Assistant.

Google opened fire on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into
hardware on Tuesday night, launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and aslew
of other devices showcasing artifi cial intelligence prowess. The unveiling of
Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by
the US company, which also revealed details about its new "home assistant"
virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system.

The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is
undertaking a major drive to make Google Assistant artificial intelligence
afuturistic force spanning all kinds of internet-linked devices.

"We are evolving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world," Google chief
executive Sundar Pichai said.

"Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user."

Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet
giant, added, "We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at
the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the centre."

Pixel will be available with a fiveor 5.5-inch display, starting at Rs 57,000,
almost similar to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders are set to begin on
October13 for India, with the phones set to ship by the end of the month.

By using its own name on handsets, Google is aiming for a bigger slice of the
competitive smartphone market, dominated by Samsung and Apple.

Until now, Google's flagship devices had used the Nexus brand with hardware
partners that have included China's Huawei and South Korea's LG. The California
group also sought to expand in the smartphone market by purchasing Motorola in
2011, but sold the unit less than three years later.

Unlike past smartphone alliances, Google stressed that it had complete control
of Pixel from start to finish, contracting with Taiwan-based HTC to manufacture
handsets.

"Google today demonstrated that it's finally serious about hardware," said Jan
Dawson at Jackdaw Research. "The Pixel phones are clearly being positioned as
peers to the iPhone."

The new Pixel phone is "the first phone made by Google inside and out," said
Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team. By producing both the
hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct assault on Apple
and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

Besides being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will come
with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the
company's Daydream virtual reality platform.

Pixel has a "smart" camera for sublime photos, and a program to make it easy for
users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at encouraging iPhone users to
convert to Android.

However, Google may find it challenging to gain market share, analyst Patrick
Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said.

"Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated
compared to Samsung and iPhone 7," he said. "They don't exactly swing anyone
around the room."

Gartner analyst Brian Blau said "the most exciting part" of Tuesday's
announcement was the assistant, which showcases Google's strength in artificial
intelligence.

"It's a different tactic from Google, taking the stance that they want to have
that direct relationship with their customers," he said.

"It is clearly a step into Apple's world" of controlling hardware and software
and services, he added.

Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset into which compatible
smartphones can be slipped to serve as screens for virtual reality experiences.

View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes.
Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November,
priced at $79 in the US.

Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that
lets a set of interconnected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals
strong in all spots.

"Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job
of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home," Google executive Mario
Queiroz said. The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual
assistant, which will be a direct chal lenge to popular Amazon Echo devices.

Google described Home as a voice-activated assistant that enables users to tap
into the company's online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks,
control devices in homes, stream videos and more.

"Much like Amazon Echo, Google Home is less a story about a wireless speaker and
more about a point of access to a virtual assistant," IHS Markit senior analyst
Paul Erickson said.

"Ultimately, it will be the virtual assistants that are the trump card, and
Google Assistant is expected to only grow in superiority to Alexa when it comes
to personalisation and everyday usefulness for mainstream users," he added of
Amazon Echo's voice-activated program.

Google Home was also synced to work with the freshly unveiled Chromecast Ultra
device for streaming high-resolution 4K online video to television screens.

The $129 Google Home device will be available in retail shops on November 4 in
the US.

Google hasn't announced India launch plans for either Google Home, Chromecast
Ultra, Google Wi-Fi or Daydream View.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                             October 7, 2016 Friday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

Google now a hardware company

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 913 words


The tech giant we know for its email services and search engine now wants to
sell us premium smartphones, a virtual reality headset, a smart speaker, a 4K
streaming device and a modular router, all centered around the AI-powered Google
Assistant.

Google opened fire on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into
hardware on Tuesday night, launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and aslew
of other devices showcasing artifi cial intelligence prowess. The unveiling of
Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by
the US company, which also revealed details about its new "home assistant"
virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system.

The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is
undertaking a major drive to make Google Assistant artificial intelligence
afuturistic force spanning all kinds of internet-linked devices.

"We are evolving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world," Google chief
executive Sundar Pichai said.

"Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user."

Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet
giant, added, "We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at
the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the centre."

Pixel will be available with a fiveor 5.5-inch display, starting at Rs 57,000,
almost similar to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders are set to begin on
October13 for India, with the phones set to ship by the end of the month.

By using its own name on handsets, Google is aiming for a bigger slice of the
competitive smartphone market, dominated by Samsung and Apple.

Until now, Google's flagship devices had used the Nexus brand with hardware
partners that have included China's Huawei and South Korea's LG. The California
group also sought to expand in the smartphone market by purchasing Motorola in
2011, but sold the unit less than three years later.

Unlike past smartphone alliances, Google stressed that it had complete control
of Pixel from start to finish, contracting with Taiwan-based HTC to manufacture
handsets.

"Google today demonstrated that it's finally serious about hardware," said Jan
Dawson at Jackdaw Research. "The Pixel phones are clearly being positioned as
peers to the iPhone."

The new Pixel phone is "the first phone made by Google inside and out," said
Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team. By producing both the
hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct assault on Apple
and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

Besides being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will come
with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the
company's Daydream virtual reality platform.

Pixel has a "smart" camera for sublime photos, and a program to make it easy for
users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at encouraging iPhone users to
convert to Android.

However, Google may find it challenging to gain market share, analyst Patrick
Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said.

"Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated
compared to Samsung and iPhone 7," he said. "They don't exactly swing anyone
around the room."

Gartner analyst Brian Blau said "the most exciting part" of Tuesday's
announcement was the assistant, which showcases Google's strength in artificial
intelligence.

"It's a different tactic from Google, taking the stance that they want to have
that direct relationship with their customers," he said.

"It is clearly a step into Apple's world" of controlling hardware and software
and services, he added.

Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset into which compatible
smartphones can be slipped to serve as screens for virtual reality experiences.

View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes.
Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November,
priced at $79 in the US.

Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that
lets a set of interconnected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals
strong in all spots.

"Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job
of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home," Google executive Mario
Queiroz said. The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual
assistant, which will be a direct chal lenge to popular Amazon Echo devices.

Google described Home as a voice-activated assistant that enables users to tap
into the company's online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks,
control devices in homes, stream videos and more.

"Much like Amazon Echo, Google Home is less a story about a wireless speaker and
more about a point of access to a virtual assistant," IHS Markit senior analyst
Paul Erickson said.

"Ultimately, it will be the virtual assistants that are the trump card, and
Google Assistant is expected to only grow in superiority to Alexa when it comes
to personalisation and everyday usefulness for mainstream users," he added of
Amazon Echo's voice-activated program.

Google Home was also synced to work with the freshly unveiled Chromecast Ultra
device for streaming high-resolution 4K online video to television screens.

The $129 Google Home device will be available in retail shops on November 4 in
the US.

Google hasn't announced India launch plans for either Google Home, Chromecast
Ultra, Google Wi-Fi or Daydream View.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Google challenges Apple with launch of high-end laptop

BYLINE: AFP

LENGTH: 365 words


San Francisco: Google unveiled a touchscreen notebook computer on Thursday
designed for high-end users, throwing down the gauntlet to Apple and its
MacBooks.

Google said its Chromebook Pixel computers blending tablet and laptop
technology, boasting heavyweight Intel chips and screens tailored for rich
graphics, were released in the United States and Britain, starting at $1,299.

"People will give up a MacBook Air for this," Google Chrome senior
vice-president Sundar Pichai said. A Pixel model featuring built-in connectivity
to the Verizon mobile Internet service will hit the US market in April at a
price of $1,449.

The newly unveiled version can connect online with wireless hot-spot technology
or cables.

"It's a great looking product," Om Malik of technology news website GigaOM said
at the Pixel debut in San Francisco.

"But Google is facing a selling problem, they have to compete on price
originally and build a developer base for a high-end product."

Google is hoping enthusiasts will forego price comparisons with competitors such
as MacBooks or laptops built on Windows 8 software and focus instead on the
Pixel's touchscreen feature and the massive terabyte of Google Drive online data
storage included.
"It seems like a pretty hard sell," said Forrester analyst James McQuivey. "I
hope they are not planning to make a lot of money off it."

While the Pixel seems aimed at the MacBook market, it also faces fierce
competition from touchscreen laptops based on Windows 8 software.

"It seems like more of a symbolic product release with Google trying to make a
point that it is no longer just a low-end provider of devices," McQuivey said.

Analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group branded the Pixel move "a train wreck,"
arguing that notebook computers above $600 have historically not sold well and
that Apple even sells a slick MacBook Air model for $999.

The booming popularity of tablet computers is also eroding the overall market
for laptops.
"It just boggles the mind," Enderle said. "I have no clue what the hell Google
was thinking."

The announcement adds a new dimension to the rivalry between the two tech
giants, locked in a fierce battle over smartphones and tablets.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2013 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

Google Assistant takes center stage at Google's gadget event

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 389 words


Google chief executive Sundar Pichai proclaimed Tuesday that we're evolving from
a mobile-first world to an "AI-first world" -- and, of course, that Google is
going to be at the forefront of that evolution.

But to do that, Google is investing heavily in mobile -- specifically,
smartphones.

The tech giant introduced two new phones, the 5-inch Pixel and the 5.5-inch
Pixel XL, at a San Francisco keynote event. The phones boast a camera that
Google said earned a top rating for a smartphone camera, an unlimited amount of
online photo storage, and a battery that gives you seven hours of battery life
from just 15 minutes of charging.

The new Pixel phones carry branding that identify them as "Phone by Google,"
which is a departure from the old Nexus "partner" branding but a crucial turn in
what the company is trying to do: owning the phones as its own.

Despite the fact that both are made by HTC, Google takes credit for designing
the phones around Google Assistant, the tech giant's answer to Apple's Siri,
Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana.

The idea behind Assistant is that Google wants to build a Google for each
person, not just a Google for everyone, Pichai said.

Users will be able to ask broad questions such as, "OK Google, what do I have to
do today?" and more conversational queries that (ideally) won't have your
so-called smart assistant flummoxed by your phrasing.

"Why should we build hardware?" said Rick Osterloh, Google's newly appointed
head of hardware. His answer was something we've heard from Apple for years:
that building hardware and software together allows companies to take full
advantage of both, by designing them for each other.

Yet, while Osterloh borrowed some familiar phrases from Apple, Google's pitch
came with a twist. The next revolution, Osterloh said, will take place at the
intersection of hardware and software together -- with AI in the middle.

"The technology needs to be smart and just work for you," Osterloh said.

The Pixel phones start at $649, and will have either 32 GB or 128 GB of storage.
It is also compatible with Google's new VR headset, the Daydream View.

The phones will come in three colors -- which Google has oddly named "Quite
Black," "Very Silver" and "Really Blue." In the United States, it will be a
Verizon exclusive. Pixel will also be available unlocked on the Google Store.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about the new Google Assistant during a
product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. The idea behind
Assistant is that Google wants to build a Google for each person, not just a
Google for everyone, Pichai said. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              297 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Google launches Pixel C tablet to counter new iPad, Surface

LENGTH: 233 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 30 -- Internet search giant Google on Tuesday launched a new
tablet named Pixel C priced at USD 499 to compete with products like the Apple
iPad Pro and the Microsoft Surface.

The 10.2-inch tablet, which comes with a magnetic keyboard, will run on the
latest Android operating system Marshmallow. The new C will have a screen
resolution of 2650 x 1800 pixels and a pixel density of 380 ppi (pixels per
inch). It will support 500 nits of brightness.

In terms of processing power, the C will run a Nvidia X1 quad-core processor
along with a 3 GB RAM unit. "We wanted to design a product that would give a
great experience of touch and type and hence we designed the Pixel C," said a
Google spokesperson.

The magnetic keyboard, which will be available as an accesory for $149, connects
to the tablet via Bluetooth. Google said that the keyboard can go without charge
for two months. Interestingly, the keyboard which works as a front cover for the
tablet charges from its battery.

Earlier, Apple had launched a 13-inch tablet with a keyboard and a stylus to
compete with other existing tablets in the market especially the Microsoft
Surface which claims to give laptop-like productivity on the go.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2015 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google Pixel: All you can expect from tonight's San Francisco event

BYLINE: Hitesh Raj Bhagat

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 445 words


It's almost time for the big Google launch event in San Francisco. Thanks to
multiple leaks, we all know that they're launching a new phone (in two sizes)
and what it looks like. But Google will also probably show off new updates to
the Chromecast (with 4K support), Google Home (an always-on, always-listening
smart speaker for the home - similar to Amazon's Echo) and probably a surprise
or two that hasn't been leaked yet. A new tablet? A new computer operating
system that combines the capabilities of Chrome and Android? A new virtual
reality headset? Who knows?

Obviously, it's the Pixel phones that will hold centerstage. These devices will
likely make it to multiple markets globally before the year is out. Current
reports indicate that the devices will be made by HTC Corp and we're inclined to
believe them - HTC has been contracted to make Google phones in the past. This
time, however, it seems that there won't be any HTC branding on the devices
themselves.

What we know so far - there will be two sizes: Pixel (with a 5.2-inch full HD
screen) and Pixel XL (with a 5.5-inch quad HD screen). The design on both phones
seems to be mostly identical. The fingerprint reader is around the back and it
seems to have a glass + metal unibody construction. Hardware should be the
latest available, which means a Snapdragon 821 processor, paired with 4GB DDR4
RAM and storage options that range between 32GB to 128GB.

Apart from the hardware, there will be a few advantages of using a Google phone.
For starters, you'll get unlimited storage in Google Photos for photos clicked
by the phone - in full size! A Smart Storage feature will automatically offload
older photos to the cloud when connected to a WiFi network. They will also have
USB type C and fast charging support. There's not a lot of info on the cameras,
but given the premium specs, we expect premium snappers with optical image
stabilisation on both phones.

In terms of software, the phones will likely come with the very latest version
of Android Nougat (7.1) with all the latest apps like Duo (video chat), Allo
(messaging) and Assistant pre-loaded. This will tie in nicely with Google Home -
a speaker that gives the Google Assistant a permanent place on your desk or
table. You'll be able to talk to the assistant, ask questions and have it manage
your schedule. While we'll have to wait for official pricing, we expect that the
phones will have premium pricing: starting at US$649 and 699 for the Pixel and
Pixel XL respectively. Google Home will be available in limited markets at an
expected price of US$100 to 130. Watch this space for the official
announcements.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google Pixel: All you can expect from tonight's San Francisco event

BYLINE: Hitesh Raj Bhagat

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 445 words


It's almost time for the big Google launch event in San Francisco. Thanks to
multiple leaks, we all know that they're launching a new phone (in two sizes)
and what it looks like. But Google will also probably show off new updates to
the Chromecast (with 4K support), Google Home (an always-on, always-listening
smart speaker for the home - similar to Amazon's Echo) and probably a surprise
or two that hasn't been leaked yet. A new tablet? A new computer operating
system that combines the capabilities of Chrome and Android? A new virtual
reality headset? Who knows?

Obviously, it's the Pixel phones that will hold centerstage. These devices will
likely make it to multiple markets globally before the year is out. Current
reports indicate that the devices will be made by HTC Corp and we're inclined to
believe them - HTC has been contracted to make Google phones in the past. This
time, however, it seems that there won't be any HTC branding on the devices
themselves.

What we know so far - there will be two sizes: Pixel (with a 5.2-inch full HD
screen) and Pixel XL (with a 5.5-inch quad HD screen). The design on both phones
seems to be mostly identical. The fingerprint reader is around the back and it
seems to have a glass + metal unibody construction. Hardware should be the
latest available, which means a Snapdragon 821 processor, paired with 4GB DDR4
RAM and storage options that range between 32GB to 128GB.

Apart from the hardware, there will be a few advantages of using a Google phone.
For starters, you'll get unlimited storage in Google Photos for photos clicked
by the phone - in full size! A Smart Storage feature will automatically offload
older photos to the cloud when connected to a WiFi network. They will also have
USB type C and fast charging support. There's not a lot of info on the cameras,
but given the premium specs, we expect premium snappers with optical image
stabilisation on both phones.

In terms of software, the phones will likely come with the very latest version
of Android Nougat (7.1) with all the latest apps like Duo (video chat), Allo
(messaging) and Assistant pre-loaded. This will tie in nicely with Google Home -
a speaker that gives the Google Assistant a permanent place on your desk or
table. You'll be able to talk to the assistant, ask questions and have it manage
your schedule. While we'll have to wait for official pricing, we expect that the
phones will have premium pricing: starting at US$649 and 699 for the Pixel and
Pixel XL respectively. Google Home will be available in limited markets at an
expected price of US$100 to 130. Watch this space for the official
announcements.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Top tablets with keyboards added;
Google Pixel C, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 lead pack.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 677 words


Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 fits a larger screen with a higher resolution into a
slightly slimmer body than last year's model. TNS

The Google Pixel C is the best Android tablet money can buy. The tablet runs the
latest version of Android and is lightning fast. TNS

The Vaio Z Flip has exceptional performance for a thin and light laptop, a crisp
high-resolution screen and an attractive, functional design.

The HP Spectre x2 has a slim but sturdy design and stiff keyboard, plus the
keyboard cover is included in the base price.

The rising popularity of tablets has some people ditching their laptops and
desktops for a more portable experience, but the benefits of a full keyboard can
still come in handy. The models on this list blur the line between tablet and
laptop, usually coining them as "hybrids." Here are our top recommendations for
tablets with complementary keyboard options.

Google Pixel C

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/google-pixel-c/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: The Google Pixel C has a slim, compact aluminum build that feels
sturdy. Its optional Blue-tooth keyboard is equally solid and doubles as the
tablet's cover and it has a powerful, long-running battery. The tablet runs the
latest version of Android and its performance is lightning fast. The screen is
sharp, bright and colorful, and gaming graphics look stellar.

The bad: It's a bit heavy when attached to the keyboard (which is sold
separately). Big-name apps and games still tend to hit iOS before Android.

The cost: $739.99

The bottom line: The Google Pixel C is the best Android tablet money can buy.

Microsoft

Surface Pro 4

P ro du c t R e v i ew : http://www.cnet.com/

products/microsoft-surface-pro-4/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Surface Pro 4 fits a larger screen with a higher resolution into a
slightly slimmer body than last year's model. The pen and keyboard cover are
also improved, and this is one of the first mobile systems shipping with Intel's
latest processors.

The bad: Microsoft still refuses to include the Type Cover keyboard by default,
forcing a separate purchase. Battery life still isn't enough for a full day.

The cost: $789.00 to $899.00

The bottom line: A host of small refinements cements the Surface Pro 4's
position as the best-in-class Windows tablet - so long as you're prepared to pay
extra for the required keyboard cover accessory.

HP Spectre x2

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/hp-spectre-x2-2015/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The HP Spectre x2 has a slim but sturdy design and a stiffer keyboard
than Microsoft's similar Surface Pro, plus the keyboard cover is included in the
base price. A mobile broadband antenna allows for easy on-the-go data.

The bad: The kickstand is hard to operate, the processors are slower than many
other premium hybrids, and battery life is merely OK.

The cost: $799.99

The bottom line: HP's slim, attractive Spectre x2 follows the road not taken by
Microsoft's Surface Pro, using lower-power processors to keep the price down, as
well as packing in the must-have keyboard cover.

Vaio Z Flip

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/vaio-z-flip/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 3.5 stars out of 5 (Very good)

The good: The Vaio Z Flip has exceptional performance for a thin and light
laptop, a crisp high-resolution screen and an attractive, functional design.

The bad: Battery life in this expensive system is just adequate, not great. Loud
fans and an overly glossy screendetractfromtheexperience too.

The cost: $1,799.99 (MSRP)

The bottom line: For those willing to pay top dollar for a stylish, functional,
highly portable PC, the Vaio Z Flip is impressive - but you might do better with
a Lenovo Yoga 900, Mac-Book Pro or Microsoft Surface Book.

The following CNET staff

contributed to this story:

Section Editor Dan Ackerman, Associate Editor Xiomara

Blanco, Senior Editor

Sean Hollister and Senior

Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For

more reviews of personal

technology products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              301 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Open Source FOR You

                                October 6, 2016

Android 7.1 to bring iOS-like Night Light mode

BYLINE: Jagmeet Singh

LENGTH: 385  words


Google premiered Android 7.1 Nougat alongside unveiling its very first Pixel
phone on Tuesday. This new Android version is now reported to come preloaded
with Night Light mode to take on Apple's iOS.

Apple developed iOS 9.3 with a Night Shift mode to "warm up" the display panels
of iPhones and iPads to ease the reading experience. Likewise, Google has this
time designed its Night Light to reduce blue light emitted by Android devices at
night.

Alongside the Night Light mode, as reported by Android Police, Google is
offering Android 7.1 with Daydream VR mode to support Google's Daydream View and
various other advanced VR headsets. The operating system also includes a
fingerprint swipe feature to let you check your notifications simply by swiping
down on the built-in fingerprint sensor of your device.

Developer-centric features

The Android update additionally comes with some developer-centric features such
as APIs for app shortcuts and shortcut manager, circular app icon support,
keyboard image insertion, fingerprint gesture support, improved VR thread
scheduling, enhancements to wallpaper metadata, multi-endpoint calling and a
storage manager to identify installed apps as well as stored files. Google has
also provided inputs for some MNO (mobile network operator) requirements,
including PCDMA voice privacy, source type support for visual voicemail and
carrier configuration options to manage video telephony.

Exclusive experience for Pixel

In addition to the latest features for all users, Google has reportedly designed
some options specifically for the Pixel users. These include a Pixel launcher,
unlimited access to Google Photos, Smart Storage and Support. The platform also
has a quick switch adapter to enable wired setup for alien users, new camera app
and various aesthetic changes.

Notably, Android 7.1 comes preloaded with Google Assistant that wakes up with a
long-press of the home button This AI-backed feature is appeared to be limited
to the Pixel devices and would not come to your device no matters if it is a
Nexus device and runs on the newest Android variant.

Having said that, all this shows that Google's freshest Android Nougat flavour
will have enough power to rival iOS. However, the search giant might restrict
some open sourced areas to largely promote its Pixel smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

Google now a hardware company

SECTION: SCITECH

LENGTH: 875 words


Google opened fire on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into
hardware on Tuesday night, launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and aslew
of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. The unveiling of
Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by
the US company, which also revealed details about its new "home assistant"
virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. The San Francisco event marked
a shift in strategy for Google, which is undertaking a major drive to make
Google Assistant artificial intelligence afuturistic force spanning all kinds of
internet-linked devices. "We are evolving from a mobile-first world to an
AI-first world," Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said. "Our goal is to
build a personal Google for each and every user."

Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet
giant, added, "We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at
the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the centre." Pixel will be
available with a five- or 5.5-inch display, starting at Rs 57,000, almost
similar to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders are set to begin on October 13
for India, with the phones set to ship by the end of the month. By using its own
name on handsets, Google is aiming for a bigger slice of the competitive
smartphone market, dominated by Samsung and Apple.

Until now, Google's flagship devices had used the Nexus brand with hardware
partners that have included China's Huawei and South Korea's LG. The California
group also sought to expand in the smartphone market by purchasing Motorola in
2011, but sold the unit less than three years later. Unlike past smartphone
alliances, Google stressed that it had complete control of Pixel from start to
finish, contracting with Taiwan-based HTC to manufacture handsets. "Google today
demonstrated that it's finally serious about hardware," said Jan Dawson at
Jackdaw Research. "The Pixel phones are clearly being positioned as peers to the
iPhone."

The new Pixel phone is "the first phone made by Google inside and out," said
Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team. By producing both the
hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct assault on Apple
and its tightly controlled ecosystem. Besides being the first smartphone to ship
with Google Assistant, it will come with unlimited storage for photos and videos
and be compatible with the company's Daydream virtual reality platform. Pixel
has a "smart" camera for sublime photos, and a program to make it easy for users
to switch operating systems, a move aimed at encouraging iPhone users to convert
to Android.

However, Google may find it challenging to gain market share, analyst Patrick
Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said. "Aside from the camera, the new
Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated compared to Samsung and iPhone 7," he
said. "They don't exactly swing anyone around the room." Gartner analyst Brian
Blau said "the most exciting part" of Tuesday's announcement was the assistant,
which showcases Google's strength in artificial intelligence. "It's a different
tactic from Google, taking the stance that they want to have that direct
relationship with their customers," he said.

"It is clearly a step into Apple's world" of controlling hardware and software
and services, he added. Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset into
which compatible smartphones can be slipped to serve as screens for virtual
reality experiences. View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired
by casual clothes. Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be
available in November, priced at $79 in the US. Google added to the coming
hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that lets a set of interconnected
mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals strong in all spots.

"Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job
of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home," Google executive Mario
Queiroz said. The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual
assistant, which will be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices.
Google described Home as a voice-activated assistant that enables users to tap
into the company's online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks,
control devices in homes, stream videos and more. "Much like Amazon Echo, Google
Home is less a story about a wireless speaker and more about a point of access
to a virtual assistant," IHS Markit senior analyst Paul Erickson said.

"Ultimately, it will be the virtual assistants that are the trump card, and
Google Assistant is expected to only grow in superiority to Alexa when it comes
to personalisation and everyday usefulness for mainstream users," he added of
Amazon Echo's voice-activated program. Google Home was also synced to work with
the freshly unveiled Chromecast Ultra device for streaming high-resolution 4K
online video to television screens. The $129 Google Home device will be
available in retail shops on November 4 in the US. Google hasn't announced India
launch plans for either Google Home, Chromecast Ultra, Google Wi-Fi or Daydream
View.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on January 20 titled as "Facade
illumination removal"

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,938,119, on
January 20, 2015, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Facade illumination
removal"

Inventors:  Han; Mei (Palo Alto, CA), Kwatra; Vivek (Santa Clara, CA), Dai;
Shengyang (San Jose, CA), Ioffe; Sergey (Mountain View, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
image comprising color pixels with varying illumination is selected. Instances
of a repeating pattern in the image are determined. Illumination values for
illuminated pixels at locations within instances of the repeating pattern are
calculated based on pixel intensities of non-illuminated pixels at corresponding
locations in other instances of the repeating pattern. The illumination
variation is removed from the illuminated pixels based on the calculated
illumination values to produce enhanced pixels. Color from the non-illuminated
pixels at the corresponding locations in other instances of the repeating
pattern is propagated to the enhanced pixels."

The patent was filed on May 1, 2012 Application no. 13/461,482

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on May 20 titled as "Image
downscaling"

LENGTH: 221  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,731,338 on
May 20, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Image downscaling"

Inventors:  Lam; Hin-Chung (Kirkland, WA), Gentilcore; Anthony C. (London, GB),
Kyostila; Sami (London, GB)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
machine-implemented method and system for decoding and interpolating the pixel
lines of a source image, the method comprising the steps of: storing the
plurality of decoded pixel lines in a queue, determining whether the queue
contains a sufficient number of decoded pixel lines to perform interpolation
between at least two of the decoded pixel lines, and in a case that it is
determined that the queue contains a sufficient number of decoded pixel lines to
perform interpolation, interpolating at least two of the plurality of decoded
pixel lines in the queue to form one or more scaled pixel lines and deleting one
or more of the decoded pixel lines in the queue by performing a pop operation on
the queue."

The patent was filed on March 5, 2012 Application no. 13/412,551

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Pixel perfect;
GADGET PIXEL www.MADEBY.GOOGLE.COM/PHONE ????? | BY STEVE HOGARTY

BYLINE: STEVE HOGARTY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 950 words


Every Android phone has come with some compromise built in. Whereas the iPhone
owes much of its popularity to Apple's ability to control every last design
detail - building software and hardware that works in perfect harmony - Google
has always had to rely on third-party manufacturers to make its phones.
Imperfection's gnarled fingers worked their way in through the cracks.

The resulting phones often felt fragmented and wonky, as if Android's software
and the hardware in which it found itself were striving towards two different
goals. Unwanted apps would litter the screens of most devices. Updates would
take months to filter down to handsets running customised versions of the
operating system. Even the Nexus range, which was as stock as Android phones
come, felt one-click removed from the will of its creator.

Pixel is the first phone built by Google, inside and out. And it's the first
Android phone that feels somehow complete, in a way that's difficult to
quantify. The screen is as responsive to touch as the iPhone's: things pop and
slide and swipe and scroll with just the right sense of give and inertia. It's
remarkably light, feels sturdy and looks stunning, its chamfered aluminium body
unspoiled by the camera bump that blighted the ghastly looking Nexus 6P.

Both the 5" Pixel and the 5.5" Pixel XL are of identical specs, differing only
in screen resolution and battery life. With the XL, you can expect the battery
to last a full day of charge with heavy use: mine rarely hits 60 per cent by the
time I leave the office, and I typically watch a dozen or so funny dog
compilation videos in the afternoon. If you do run dry, just 15 minutes of
charging gives you seven hours of battery life.

The camera received the highest ever rating on the industry-accepted DxO
benchmark, though you'd struggle to spot much difference between shots taken on
this, the S7 and iPhone 7. Post-processing of HDR images has been vastly
improved over the Nexus phones, spitting out stunning images in low-light, and
can now be shot without the split-second delays that would often cause blurring
and artifacts. Pixel owners get infinite online storage of full-resolution
photos and 4K videos on Google Drive.

The voice-activated Google Assistant lives behind the home button, popping up to
give you news briefings, directions, search results, appointments, music and
more. More conversational and intelligent than Siri, and more useful than Alexa,
Google Assistant is touted as the beating heart of the phone. In practice, the
assistant is still an imperfect helper, not quite the leap forward in digital
servitude being promised, but one that's developing at breakneck pace. Google
are banking hard on being at the forefront of the virtual assistant revolution,
promising features such as OpenTable bookings and Uber orders.

This is an incredibly good phone in every respect - camera, battery, speed,
software, hardware, the non-explodeyness of it - and almost by definition the
greatest Android phone ever made. With Pixel, Google's mobile operating system
finally feels comfortable in its own skin. And it also has a 3.5mm headphone
jack.

KODAK EKTRA £449, www.KODAKPHONES.COM Kodak's latest product, the Ektra
smartphone, combines cutting edge tech deliciously retro stylings. While most
handsets are phones with a camera attached, the Ektra approaches the situation
from the opposite direction. Everything about it, from the styling to the
hardware to the marketing, are focused around taking pictures.

The black leather rear of the device is dominated by an oversized round lens,
one end of the handset bulging out the grip on an SLR. Inside it packs a main
camera, 13MP front facing camera, optical image stabilisation and 4K capture. It
borrows SLR-style scene selection settings and features a dual press shutter
button, and also runs the latest version of Android. It's manufactured by
smartphone-maker Bullitt, which is bestknown for making rugged devices for
companies including Caterpillar and JCB.

This isn't the first phone from Kodak; that dubious honour goes to the largely
unloved IM5, which was released last year made by Bullitt). That phone was less
distinctive and rather ugly. The Ektra, on other hand is a real stunner. It
launches December.

GAME RHYTHM PARADISE MEGAMIX PLATFORM: NINTENDO 3DS ????? | BY SEAN BELL
Videogames excel at wish fulfilment. For example: we've all dreamed of being a
little rabbit travelling across an ocean by rhythmically jumping off the backs
of a line of giant turtles, or being a floating bow and arrow shooting at
ghosts, or a set of tweezers plucking hairs out of onions with faces drawn on
them.

Despite clearly catering to mainstream desires, and the fact they enlisted
Beyoncé to do the advert, the Rhythm Paradise series is still considered niche
even though it's been out for decade.

Sensing this, Nintendo has put together Rhythm Paradise Megamix, a collection of
the best bits of the entire series, including some reworked bits from the very
first game that never saw a release in the UK.

You work your way through a series of ludicrous, short but smartly designed
rhythm-based challenges, tapping on the screen and frequently laughing as you do
so thanks to the relentless inventiveness and absurd sense of humour. It'll even
charm you in the way it trips you up. Once you reach the higher difficulty
levels, it gently obfuscates things, removing important visual and audio cues,
forcing you to rely on your own internal sense of rhythm instead of simply
watching or listening to what's happening on screen.

Rhythm Paradise Megamix is an entirely welcome trip down memory lane for series
veterans, and utterly essential for pretty much everyone else.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Is this what Google's new Pixel smartphone looks like?

LENGTH: 246  words


Google is set to launch its latest smartphone line-up next week.

However, a leaked photo of what is said to be one of the the new devices has
been doing the rounds of late. The leaked photo does not reveal much about the
phone other than that it employs a bone stock Android interface and features a
simplistic body design that borrows heavily from Google's older Nexus devices.

Dubbed Pixel, Google's new smartphone line-up comes in after the tech giant
decided to drop its Nexus branding. Google will reveal two smartphones, Pixel
and Pixel XL at its October 4 event along with other hardware.

Google smartphone expected at Oct 4 event

Reports suggest that the phone features a 5-inch 1080p display, a quad-core
2.0GHz 64-bit processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, a 2,770 mAh battery, a
12MP rear camera, and an 8MP front camera. It has also been reported that users
can expect a top-mounted headphone jack, a fingerprint scanner on the rear and a
USB-C port on the bottom. The Pixel XL is also said to feature the same
specifications barring a bigger 5.5 inch screen and a 3,450 mAh battery.

Google teases with mysterious ads ahead of October 4 launch

Google hasn't said much about the upcoming event. Nevertheless, it has employed
an aggressive marketing strategy by installing building-sized adverts trailing
the event and pictures of a statue in Brooklyn Bridge Park.

How the new smartphone actually looks we'll only know for sure once Google
unveils it at the October 4 event.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2013 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of GOOGLE INC. titled as "SEAMLESS DISPLAY
PANEL USING FIBER OPTIC CARPET"

LENGTH: 224  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130278872, published on October 17, 2013, by GOOGLE INC., titled as "SEAMLESS
DISPLAY PANEL USING FIBER OPTIC CARPET" for the registration of patent.

Inventors: Teller; Eric; (Palo Alto, CA) ; Lee; Johnny; (Mountain View, CA)
Assignee: GOOGLE INC.
Mountain View
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
display panel for use with a multi-panel display includes an array of display
pixels to emit pixel light. A fiber bundle including an array of fibers is
disposed over the array of display pixels. The fiber bundle includes a first end
of the array of fibers rigidly fixed adjacent to the array of display pixels and
optically aligned with the array of display pixels and a loose fiber portion
that permits a second end of the array of fibers opposite the first end to
slump-over and move. The fiber bundle receives the pixel light emitted from the
array of display pixels into the first end of the array of fibers and emits the
pixel light out the second end of the array of fibers."

The Patent was filed on August 30, 2012 under application No. 20130278872

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

The five big announcements from Google's Pixel event

LENGTH: 787  words


US internet giant Google on Tuesday challenged heavyweight rivals including
Apple and Amazon with an array of new gadgets aimed at digital lifestyles.
Coming products to watch for: Pixel is the first smartphone designed by Google,
with the Silicon Valley powerhouse dictating the hardware, software and services
the way Apple does with its iPhones.

The Google-branded smartphone takes aim at flagship models by Apple, Samsung and
others in the fiercely competitive market. Pixel, which comes in five and
55-inch (12.

7 and 14-centimeter) screen sizes, boasts a fingerprint reader, a camera billed
as the best in any smartphone, unlimited online storage for photos and videos,
and quick charging combined with long battery life.PixelPixel is powered by the
latest version of the Android mobile operating system, Nougat, and Google
promised to keep the software automatically updated.

Pixel also features Virtual Assistant artificial intelligence to enable users to
manage tasks and get information in natural conversation format.Pixel's starting
price of $649 in the United States is the same as that of Apple's newest iPhone.

Preorders for Pixel began Tuesday in Australia, Britain, Canada, Germany and the
United States. Pixel will be available for order in India on October 13.

Google HomeGoogle Home is a flower vase-sized speaker infused with machine
smarts and voice controls to act as a cyber concierge for getting information
and managing tasks about the house or flat. Home listens for commands or queries
even while playing music, and can control other smart devices in range.

Google Home will be available in shops in November, but could be pre-ordered
beginning Tuesday.The device's price in the United States is $129.

That's $50 less than Amazon Echo, a rival that has been popular with consumers
here since it was launched by the online retail titan. Google Assistant is an
improved version of virtual helper software the internet company previously
called Google Now.

It competes with Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Microsoft's Cortana, tapping
into the vast trove of knowledge amassed by the world's leading online search
engine. Google outlined plans to infuse a growing array of devices and services
with Assistant smarts, letting people get answers or manage matters in
conversational styles, as though speaking with a human aide.

Google laid out a vision of becoming a leading player in artificial
intelligence, with Assistant being infused into many devices and services
allowing opportunities to have them work together Google already built Assistant
smarts into a new Allo smartphone messaging app released last month, and put the
software at the heart of Pixel and Google Home.Daydream VRDaydream View virtual
reality headgear came as an answer to Facebook-owned Oculus, and a direct
challenge to Samsung Gear VR.

Smartphones compatible with Google's Daydream software platform can be slipped
into play in View headgear to act as screens for virtual reality experiences.
View is made of cloth, a step up from the actual cardboard from which its
predecessor at Google was playfully constructed.

Purportedly inspired by casual clothing, View material makes it lighter and
potentially more comfortable than devices already on the market.View comes with
a controller and was billed as making virtual reality "accessible" at a price of
$79 in the United States, where it will arrive in November View will also be
available in Australia, Britain, Canada and Germany.

In comparison, Samsung Gear VR headgear is priced at $100. Oculus Rift virtual
reality head gear has a $599 price tag and must be connected to high-performance
computers.

Chromecast UltraChromecast Ultra is an improved version of medallion-sized
Chromecast devices that plug into TV monitors for viewing online streaming
videos. Google said it has sold more than 30 million Chromecast devices since
they debuted three years ago.

The new generation Chromecast promised more reliable viewing and image quality
ramped all the way up to ultra-high definition 4K video.Chromecast Ultra was
priced at $69 and will be available in November in the United States and 15
other countries.

Google Wi-FiGoogle Wifi promises to make sure people can connect to the internet
from anywhere in a home. Disk-sized Wifi modules can be placed in various spots
in homes, acting as an internet-linked mesh of sorts so getting online is
uniformly easy.

Wifi software lets people easily manage congestion on home networks, or even
selectively cut off children's gadgets from the internet when they should be at
a meal or in bed.Google will begin taking pre-orders for Wifi in November,
advertising the price as $129 for a single unit or $299 for a pack of three
modules.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     October 13, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

These Two Lines Of Code Can Bring Google Assistant To Your Phone

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 229  words


No need to invest thousands of rupees now to purchase a Pixel smartphone for the
sake of Google Assistant!

Google Assistant has become quite popular ever since it was unveiled recently
along with a Pixel smartphone by the search engine giant. But, laying hands on
the Pixel smartphone is still a dream for many, all thanks to its price tag.

However, you can definitely get Google Assistant to almost any smartphone that
runs on Nougat. If not Nougat, then you may have to install it. And, the second
important point is that you will need root access.

Having said this, we still do not know if this might actually work with your
specific smartphone or not, and also we would like to warn you about the rooting
procedure, as if you are not confident enough, you might actually brick your
smartphone.

Once Nougat is installed, you will have to use a file explorer to find
build.prop under Root/System. Inside th file, you will have add or adjust these
two lines as given here.

ro.product.model=Pixel XL

ro.opa.eligible_device=true

After you have done the necessary changes, you will have to reboot your
smartphone and go to Settings and then Apps, and select Google and clear the
data and cache information.

Having done this, Google should reload with Assistant built in, in most of the
cases, and you can call up by long-pressing the home button.

Tags : Google Assistant, Pixel Smartphone

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

What to expect from Google's October 4 event

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 355 words


The invites have been sent and in just two weeks' time Google CEO Sundar Pichai
will be taking to the stage to unveil two new smartphones that drop the Nexus
moniker in favor of a new Pixel brand. But will consumers go dotty for the new
handsets?

According to the reports, leaks and rumors surrounding the event, the internal
specifications that the handsets will boast will be as good as -- if not better
than -- anything currently found inside an Android smartphone, so 4GB of RAM and
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processors sitting behind either a 5-inch or 5.5-inch
display depending on whether it's the Pixel or the Pixel XL.

Since Google launched the Android operating system, it has also been
collaborating with smartphone companies to create what it calls reference
designs -- the best set of components to get the best out of Android's features
-- and they've been called Nexus phones. And the best thing about these handset
is that despite their top-of-the-line specifications they have been affordable
options when compared to the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S range.

However, the Pixel handsets will change all of that. Google has been involved in
the manufacturing -- it's partnering with HTC -- as well as engineering process,
and the resulting phones will be premium in terms of materials and price tag,
too.

According to Android Police's David Ruddock, the 5-inch Pixel handset with 32GB
of onboard storage will retail for $649 in the US, which makes it exactly the
same price as the iPhone 7.

But as well as a price increase, the Pixel phones are expected to come out of
the box with something other than 'stock' Android and will instead boast extra
features on top of what other handsets running Nougat can deliver.

However, though there have been plenty of leaks since February regarding
Google's plans, we won't know for sure exactly what's coming until the event
kicks off at 9am PT on October 4 in San Francisco. And, Google being Google it
will use the show to showcase devices other than just phones so we could get to
see the first demonstrations of its VR platform, a new Chromebook and some smart
home and IoT kit.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                 March 14, 2013
                                 First Edition

This is the future of laptops... once you can get iTunes;
iTest

BYLINE: Simon Usborne

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 469 words


GOOGLE CHROMEBOOK PIXEL

Price: £1,049

Operating system: Google Chrome

Processor: Intel Core 1.8GHZ

Memory: 4GB DDR3 RAM

Storage: 32GB solid-state; 1TB on Google Drive for three years

Screen: 12.85in; 2,560x1,700 at 239PPI

Battery: Up to 5 hours' active use

What is it? The future of laptops, I believe, but until I get to that bit, it's
Google's first proper computer. For two years, the search giant has partnered
with Samsung and others to produce cheap little Chromebooks. Essentially web
browsers with keyboards, they do away with software, hard drives and sluggish
start-up times. You do everything online and store your stuff in the cloud,
where it's safe and accessible anywhere.

The Pixel does this, too, but for the first time Google has created the
hardware. The result is a device of startling beauty. Machined aluminium with
sharp corners make it boxy yet also elegant enough to make my Mac-Book look
brutish. The black, backlit keyboard is Macinspired but the search key in place
of caps lock (hit both shift keys if you really want to SHOUT) is one of few
marks of the maker. The design brief appears to have been: make it beautiful but
let the screen do the talking. And what a screen. It boasts a record-breaking
pixel density, and it shows, rendering everything as crisp as any Retina
Display. You can touch it, too, to click, scroll or pinch to zoom, a feature
still absent from MacBooks.

Does it work? Like a dream. The Pixel fires up in an instant and asks for your
Google Account details, which you won't need to enter again. The Chrome browser
appears. Hook it up to the web and you're off. It's lightning fast and scrolling
is beautifully smooth via the screen or the etched-glass touchpad.

The Pixel is also effectively impervious to viruses and includes 32GB of
physical storage, plus a massive terabyte (about 1,000GB) of space on the Google
Drive cloud (included for three years; you'd pay £30 a month to rent that space
from Google otherwise).

I need one now, right? Wrong. Because, for now, there are issues. You can't
install software. No iTunes, Spotify, Microsoft Office. If you can't do it via a
web browser, you can't do it on a Chromebook. The battery life is low at five
hours; the machine is of limited use offline and has no 4G connectivity (the US
model does); the screen doesn't fold flat to a tablet mode.

But the biggest deal-breaker? A Pixel will cost you £1,049, enough for five Acer
or four Samsung Chromebooks, and £200 more than an 11in MacBook Air, which
supports software, is lighter, has double the storage, and a slightly better
battery life.

The Pixel is a bold statement of intent. When Google can produce a cheaper
model, when services such as Spotify and iTunes switch to the cloud, and when it
has 4G, this is what laptops will look like. It won't be long, and I can't wait.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2013 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

This is the future of laptops??? once you can get iTunes;
A WEEK WITH???GOOGLE CHROMEBOOK PIXEL

BYLINE: SIMON USBORNE

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 503 words


What is it?

The future of laptops, I believe, but until I get to that bit, it's Google's
first proper computer. For two years, the tech behemoth has partnered with
Samsung and others to produce cheap little Chromebooks. Essentially web browsers
with keyboards, they do away with software, hard drives and sluggish start-up
times. You do everything online and store your stuff in the cloud, where it's
safe and accessible anywhere.

The Pixel does exactly this, too, but for the first time Google has created the
hardware. The result is a device of startling beauty. Machined aluminium with
sharp corners make it boxy yet also elegant enough to make my MacBook look
brutish. The black, backlit keyboard is Mac-inspired but the search key in place
of caps lock (hit both shift keys if you really want to SHOUT) is one of few
marks of the maker. The design brief appears to have been: make it beautiful but
let the screen do the talking. And, oh, what a screen. It boasts a
record-breaking pixel density, and it shows, rendering everything as crisp as
any Retina Display. You can touch it, too, to click, scroll or pinch to zoom, a
feature curiously still absent from MacBooks.

Does it work?

Like a dream. There can be no device since the blackboard for which an
instruction manual is so redundant. The Pixel fires up in an instant and asks
for your Google Account details, which you won't need to enter again. The Chrome
browser appears. Hook it up to the web and you're off. It's lightning fast and
scrolling is beautifully smooth via the screen or the etched-glass touchpad.

The Pixel is also effectively impervious to viruses and includes 32GB of
physical storage, plus a massive terabyte (about 1,000GB) of space on the Google
Drive cloud (included for three years; you'd pay £30 a month to rent that space
from Google otherwise).

I need one now, right?

Wrong. Because, for now, there are issues. You can't install software. No
iTunes, Spotify, Microsoft Office. If you can't do it via a web browser, you
can't do it on a Chromebook. The battery life is low at five hours; the machine
is of limited use offline and has no 4G connectivity (the US model does); the
screen doesn't fold flat to a tablet mode.

But the biggest deal-breaker?

A Pixel will cost you £1,049, enough for five Acer or four Samsung Chromebooks,
and £200 more than an 11in MacBook Air, which supports software, is lighter, has
double the storage, and a slightly better battery life.

Google surely knows that a £1,000 web browser, however beautiful and lovely to
use, will have a limited appeal. But the Pixel is a bold statement of intent.
When Google can produce a cheaper model, when services such as Spotify and
iTunes switch to the cloud, and when it has 4G, this is what laptops will look
like. It won't be long, and I can't wait.

Price: £1,049

Operating system: Google Chrome

Processor: Intel Core 1.8GHz

Memory: 4GB DDR3 RAM

Storage: 32GB solid-state; 1TB on Google Drive for three years

Screen: 12.85in; 2,560x1,700 at 239PPI

Battery: Up to 5 hours' active use

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2013 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 997 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 997 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 997 DOCUMENTS


              The Northern Star and Rural Weekly (New South Wales)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LNS


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Queensland Times (Ipswich)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 39

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQT


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Warwick Daily News (Queensland)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Pixel phone ring in;
Gadget review

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 122  words


THE Pixel is not the first phone to have Google's brand - but with Samsung
recovering from the Note7 disaster - the Pixel could become the most successful.
The Pixel has been designed from the ground up by Google engineers to give their
ideal Android phone.

The Pixel has the impressive Google Assistant built in. It is similar to Apple's
Siri or Microsoft's Cortana but able to better understand context, follow up
questions and can be introduced to conversations. Just tagging@google when
discussing where to go for dinner nearby and you'll have an answer. Google also
promises the assistant will learn as you use it. Like the Galaxy and iPhone it
will compete with, the Pixel will come in a standard or "XL" size. Price from
$1079.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WDN


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of Google Inc titled as "SINGLE PIXEL CAMERA"

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150042834, published on February 12, 2015, by Google Inc, titled as "SINGLE
PIXEL CAMERA" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Miao; Xiaoyu; (Sunnyvale, CA) ; Amirparviz; Babak; (Mountain View,
CA)

Assignee: Google Inc.
Mountain View
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
camera system includes a single pixel photo-sensor disposed in or on a substrate
to acquire image data. A micro-lens is adjustably positioned above the single
pixel photo-sensor to focus external scene light onto the single pixel
photo-sensor. An actuator is coupled to the micro-lens to adjust a position of
the micro-lens relative to the single pixel photo-sensor to reposition the
micro-lens to focus the external scene light incident from different angles onto
the single pixel photo-sensor. Readout circuitry is coupled to readout the image
data associated with each of the different angles from the single pixel
photo-sensor."

The Patent was filed on October 27, 2014 under application No. 20150042834

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                               May 1, 2016 Sunday

Google will no longer sell the 2015 Chromebook Pixel

LENGTH: 177  words


Another one of Google's old products will no longer be available.

Google has been quite busy recently, with silently removing outdated products
from the Google Store. The Chromebook Pixel 2015 is the latest to that list.

Google has reportedly removed the $999 model of the 2015 Chromebook Pixel from
the Google Store website. However, the company is still selling the higher end
$1299 version of the ChromeOS notebook. This is the second product to be
removed, right after the HTC Nexus 9 Tablet. Google recently confirmed to
VentreBeat that the Chromebook 2015 will not be made available for sale again.

The $999 model came with an Intel Core i5 processor inside, along with 8GB of
RAM, 32GB of internal storage, and a touchscreen. The $1299 model on the other
hand comes with an Intel Core i7 chip, 16GB of RAM, and 64GB of storage.

Google removed the $999 Chromebook Pixel 2015 the same week the HP Chromebook 13
was announced, which is the first Chromebook to come with a 6th Generation Intel
Core M processor, and will be priced at $499.

Source

More in Computers

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

Google introduces high-end, high-priced touch-screen laptop with Chrome
operating system

BYLINE: By Brandon Bailey bbailey@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 889 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Betting that computer users are increasingly "committed to
living in the cloud,"GoogleGOOG ) on Thursday added to the line of laptops
running its Chrome operating system by introducing a new high-end, high-priced
notebook computer with touch-screen capability.

The new Chromebook Pixel laptop has an ultrahigh-resolution screen that's
intended to outshineApple'sAAPL ) vaunted "Retina" screen. And unlike earlier
Chromebook models that Google sells for $249 as second or third computers for
workers, students and home users, the new machine is aimed at "power users" who
might fork over $1,299 for a Wi-Fi model or $1,449 for a version that will
connect to Verizon's high-speed LTE network.

That's a price many people would expect to pay for a MacBook Air or a premium
Windows-based "Ultrabook," which come with more built-in storage and run widely
used applications from Apple and Microsoft. One industry expert predicted the
Pixel will have difficulty competing against that field.

"Even with beautiful hardware and a great screen, you're basically competing
with very high-end, premium devices that at the end of the day can do an awful
lot more things that consumers want to do," said Michael Gartenberg, a personal
technology analyst at the Gartner research group. "At that price point, I don't
think we're going to see a whole lot sold."

But another analyst, Richard Shim of NPD DisplaySearch, said the Pixel
capitalizes on trends that favor sleeker design, touch capability and other
premium features. As consumers become accustomed to using smartphones and
tablets alongside traditional PCs, he added, "that's providing an opportunity
for nontraditional brands" including Google's Chromebooks.

Chromebooks have relatively small amounts of built-in flash memory -- 32 or 64
gigabytes -- and no hard drive, because the Chrome operating system was designed
to use files and software applications that are stored "in the cloud," on
servers reached via the Internet. With its new Pixel laptop, Google is offering
a staggering 1,000 gigabytes of free online storage for three years.

"There's a set of users who spend money to buy full-fledged laptops, but this is
targeted to a segment who have committed to living in the cloud," said Sundar
Pichai, Google's senior vice president for Chrome.

Developed and built by Google, using a contract manufacturer in Taiwan, the new
laptop represents a further step by the Internet search giant into the business
of making its own hardware devices. But the Chrome software is designed to
encourage people to use Google's Web-based services, which are often integrated
with its search and advertising business.

"I think it's less that they want to be in the hardware business and more that
they want to guide the market toward new usage models" that rely on Web-based
services, Shim added.

Pichai contended Thursday that many businesses and consumers are already
embracing the cloud model. "Many companies have committed to using Google Apps,"
he said, referring to Google's suite of Web-based email, word-processing,
spreadsheets and other programs.

Consumers are also using more Web-based apps, he added, joking that, "my mom and
dad live in the cloud. They just don't know what the cloud is."

Google designed the Pixel for users who want premium features, including a full
keyboard, an extra-tall touch screen and a high-speedIntelINTC ) processor,
Pichai told reporters at a launch event. While other companies sell touch-screen
laptops, he said none match the clarity of the new Chromebook's 239 pixels per
inch.

"I'm pretty sure every laptop will have touch (capability) in the future, so we
want to push that forward," he said.

While critics of earlier Chromebooks have complained about limited apps and
inability to use popular software made by Microsoft and Apple, Pichai said the
Pixel has new software that makes it easy for Chrome users to edit documents and
spreadsheets that were created with Microsoft programs.

Google is developing more programs and working with independent developers to
create more apps for the Chrome touch screen, he added.

By moving into touch computing, Chrome is potentially competing with Google's
other operating system, Android, which powers a number of smartphones and
tablets. "The lines do blur," Pichai acknowledged, but he said the two systems
are compatible, so files and applications look the same on a Chromebook as they
do on an Android smartphone.

"This helps us make apps look great across multiple screens," he said, adding
that many users won't know or care which software they're using.

Google is selling the newest Chromebook through its online store and on Best
Buy's website. Pichai did not answer directly when asked about rumors that
Google is planning to open its own retail stores.

Contact Brandon Bailey at 408-920-5022; follow him at
Twitter.com/BrandonBailey.chromebook pixel specs
Screen: 12.85-inch touch-enabled, with 3:2 aspect ratio and pixel density of 239
ppi (2560 x 1700).
Storage: 32 or 64 GB solid state drive; one TB of Google Drive online storage
free for three years.
Components: Intel Core i5 processor (1.8Ghz); 4 GB RAM.
Battery life: up to 5 hours active use.
Weight: 3.35 pounds.
Other features include full keyboard and touchpad; HD webcam.
Price: $1,299 for Wi-Fi model; $1,449 for Verizon LTE version.
Source: Google

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 29, 2016 Thursday 12:55 PM GMT

Google Pixel smartphone REVEALED as leaked image of new smartphone hits the web;

Google's answer to the iPhone 7 appears to have been revealed days ahead of the
official announcement

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 270 words


Google has an official announcement slated for October 4 - but it looks like the
internet couldn't wait that long.

The company is widely expected to announce a couple of new smartphones that will
do battle with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. And now a leaked image appears to
have revealed the finished product.

Google Pixel goes on UK sale TODAY - Best UK deals and tariff prices on EE,
Vodafone, O2 and Carphone Warehouse

It was posted on Twitter and tech site VentureBeat before being swiftly picked
up and circulated around the rest of the tech industry press.

The image seems to confirm a lot of what we already new about the new Google
phone: Thinner bezels and lack of any physical home buttons.

In fact, the announcement on October 4 may just be something of a formality at
this point as most gadget fans are already well aware of what the phone will be
offering.

It's widely rumoured to boast a 5-inch, 1080p screen with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of
storage. The camera will have a 12 megapixel sensor whilst the battery will be a
respectable 2,770mAh non-removable one.

Google driverless car involved in 'worst crash yet' after van runs a red light

And, unlike the iPhone 7, Google is keeping the 3.5mm headphone jack that will
appear on the top of both the Pixel and Pixel XL.

It seems that both phones will be manufactured by HTC and, as with previous
Google devices, will offer a clean version of the latest Android operating
system.

How long does FIFA 17 take to download - and how much space will it take up on
your console?

For even more information on the new Pixel phones, check out our comprehensive
rumour round-up .

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        July 27, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Lava Pixel V1 Android One Smartphone Leaked Before Launch

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 414  words


The rumour mill is on full run latelyhinting about the upcoming Android One
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)smartphone
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)in India
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9357/google
-launch-new-android-one-smartphone-lava.html)which is expected to be made by
Lava. Recently,Lava also sent out invites
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9519/lava-unveil-second-generation-android
-one-handset-next-week.html) to an event to be held on July 27 in Delhi adding
more to the rumours about the new Android One device.

The Indian retailer MySmartPrice (http://www.mysmartprice.com/mobile/lava-pixel
-v1-msp7667) has recently revealed the Lava Pixel V1, an Android 5.1.1 device
that is said to be priced at around Rs 11,349.

While nearly one year after the first Android One smartphones debuted in India,
Google has finally made its mind to give a bump in the specifications of its
Android One series.

Coming to the specs, the Lava Pixel V1 comes with a quad-core 64 bit Qualcomm
processor, 2 GB of RAM, 5.5 inch HD display with Asahi Dragon Trail glass, 32 GB
of internal memory which can be expanded via microSD card and a dual SIM card
slot.

The smartphone also comes with a 13 MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and 5 MP
front camera with 3G network connectivity support and WiFi, Bluetooth and GPS
connectivity.

The smartphone comes with a 2,650 mAh battery and runs on Android 5.1 Lollipop.
Since the Lava Pixel V1 is part of the Android One initiative, it is guaranteed
to get at least two years' worth of Android updates straight from Google, which
should start with Android M.

However, the smartphone may disappoint a few as it is not 4G enabled, but
keeping the price point in view, we feel it is worth for what we pay.

Churning out the past a little, we all know that things didn't turn out to be
how Google actually wanted especially with the outburst of Chinese players like
Xiaomi that offered better specs in the similar price range.

The Lava Pixel V1 is definitely one of the best-looking Android One phones that
we've seen to date. The first models were somewhat plain black slabs, and while
things have gotten a bit better lately, the Pixel V1's thin bezels and
white-and-silver backside definitely make it more attractive that its
predecessors.

However, An official announcement of the Lava Pixel V1 is expected to come on
July 29.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 6:16 PM GMT

Google Home is the voice-controlled speaker that wants to take over your house;

Along with the Pixel and Pixel XL, the tech company launched a new
voice-controlled internet home speaker

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 221 words


Google doesn't want to just be on your phone or your laptop - it wants to invade
your home as well.

At an exclusive event in San Francisco this evening , the tech company revealed
its Google Home speaker.

The internet-connected speaker will answer any query you have - from football
scores to the news headlines and the weather.

It uses Google's smart "Assistant" to control things like light controls and
thermostats or music streaming services to carry out scores of tasks.

The speaker, which will come in a range of colours to match home decor, uses
artificial intelligence to learn about the user and get to know their needs,
likes and dislikes.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK , which offers many
of the same features. using Microsoft's Bing search engine

However, Google was quick to point out that its entire back catalogue of
technology - like YouTube, Google Assistant and Google Play - are added in to
make it easier to use.

It's going to launch at $129 in the US along with a free six-month trial of
YouTube Red. And will be available on November 4.

Unfortunately, Google has no plans to launch Google Home in the UK at this time,
but the company said it hopes to make it available in the future.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Google Pixel tablet may enter market within the year

LENGTH: 174  words


By now, it's already expected that Google will unveil the new Pixel smartphone
on Sept. 7. But it seems that the company has more surprises up its sleeve.

According to Evan Blass, known for his penchant for hardware information leaks,
Google is partnering with Huawei to build a new 7-inch tablet that may be
introduced into the market by the end of 2016, reports The Next Web.

If proven true, the tablet may also carry the Google Pixel brand as well as
Android 70 Nougat. More information about this mystery tablet could also surface
around Oct. 4, when Google unveils the long rumored, HTC-designed Google Pixel
smartphones.

The old Nexus 7 tablet made by ASUS was a success, but Google never did manage
to top it when the Nexus 9 was released in 2014. A new 7-inch tablet from the
company is interesting, to say the least, given that Android Nougat allows users
to have multiple apps running on the same screen. This larger Android device
could be just what Google needs to showcase the full potential of its operating
system's latest version.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday
                                  Pune Mirror

Google now a hardware company

SECTION: SCITECH

LENGTH: 912 words


The tech giant we know for its email services and search engine now wants to
sell us premium smartphones, a virtual reality headset, a smart speaker, a 4K
streaming device and a modular router, all centered around the AI-powered Google
Assistant

Google opened fire on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into
hardware on Tuesday night, launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and aslew
of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess.

The unveiling of Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded
hardware move by the US company, which also revealed details about its new "home
assistant" virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system.

The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is
undertaking a major drive to make Google Assistant artificial intelligence
afuturistic force spanning all kinds of internet-linked devices.

"We are evolving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world," Google chief
executive Sundar Pichai said.

"Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user."

Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet
giant, added, "We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at
the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the centre."

Pixel will be available with a five- or 5.5-inch display, starting at Rs 57,000,
almost similar to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders are set to begin on
October 13 for India, with the phones set to ship by the end of the month.

By using its own name on handsets, Google is aiming for a bigger slice of the
competitive smartphone market, dominated by Samsung and Apple.

Until now, Google's flagship devices had used the Nexus brand with hardware
partners that have included China's Huawei and South Korea's LG. The California
group also sought to expand in the smartphone market by purchasing Motorola in
2011, but sold the unit less than three years later.

Unlike past smartphone alliances, Google stressed that it had complete control
of Pixel from start to finish, contracting with Taiwan-based HTC to manufacture
handsets.

"Google today demonstrated that it's finally serious about hardware," said Jan
Dawson at Jackdaw Research. "The Pixel phones are clearly being positioned as
peers to the iPhone."

The new Pixel phone is "the first phone made by Google inside and out," said
Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team.

By producing both the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more
direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

Besides being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will come
with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the
company's Daydream virtual reality platform.

Pixel has a "smart" camera for sublime photos, and a program to make it easy for
users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at encouraging iPhone users to
convert to Android.

However, Google may find it challenging to gain market share, analyst Patrick
Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said.

"Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated
compared to Samsung and iPhone 7," he said. "They don't exactly swing anyone
around the room."

Gartner analyst Brian Blau said "the most exciting part" of Tuesday's
announcement was the assistant, which showcases Google's strength in artificial
intelligence.

"It's a different tactic from Google, taking the stance that they want to have
that direct relationship with their customers," he said.

"It is clearly a step into Apple's world" of controlling hardware and software
and services, he added.

Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset into which compatible
smartphones can be slipped to serve as screens for virtual reality experiences.

View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes.
Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November,
priced at $79 in the US.

Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that
lets a set of interconnected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals
strong in all spots.

"Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job
of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home," Google executive Mario
Queiroz said.

The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual assistant, which will
be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices.

Google described Home as a voice-activated assistant that enables users to tap
into the company's online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks,
control devices in homes, stream videos and more.

"Much like Amazon Echo, Google Home is less a story about a wireless speaker and
more about a point of access to a virtual assistant," IHS Markit senior analyst
Paul Erickson said.

"Ultimately, it will be the virtual assistants that are the trump card, and
Google Assistant is expected to only grow in superiority to Alexa when it comes
to personalisation and everyday usefulness for mainstream users," he added of
Amazon Echo's voice-activated program.

Google Home was also synced to work with the freshly unveiled Chromecast Ultra
device for streaming high-resolution 4K online video to television screens.

The $129 Google Home device will be available in retail shops on November 4 in
the US.

Google hasn't announced India launch plans for either Google Home, Chromecast
Ultra, Google Wi-Fi or Daydream View.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on February 17 titled as "Single
pixel camera"

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,958,005, on
February 17, 2015, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Single pixel camera"

Inventors:  Miao; Xiaoyu (Sunnyvale, CA), Amirparviz; Babak (Mountain View, CA)

Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
camera system includes a single pixel photo-sensor disposed in or on a substrate
to acquire image data. A micro-lens is adjustably positioned above the single
pixel photo-sensor to focus external scene light onto the single pixel
photo-sensor. An actuator is coupled to the micro-lens to adjust a position of
the micro-lens relative to the single pixel photo-sensor. A controller controls
the actuator to sequentially reposition the micro-lens to focus the external
scene light incident from different angles onto the single pixel photo-sensor.
Readout circuitry is coupled to sequentially readout the image data associated
with each of the different angles from the single pixel photo-sensor."

The patent was filed on March 15, 2013 Application no. 13/839,876

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on April 22 titled as "Method and
apparatus for encoding anchor frame by encoding features using layers"

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,705,620 on
April 22, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Method and apparatus for
encoding anchor frame by encoding features using layers"

Inventors:  Jia; Wei (San Jose, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system, method, and apparatus for encoding a frame of video having a plurality
of pixels are disclosed. The method includes identifying a plurality of sets of
substantially identical adjacent pixels within the frame and determining a
number of pixels in each set. The method includes assigning the pixels in each
set to one of an enhancement layer or base layer based at least in part on the
number of pixels in that set. The method further includes encoding the pixels
assigned to the base layer using a first encoding technique and encoding the
pixels assigned to the enhancement layer using a second encoding technique."

The patent was filed on April 28, 2011 Application no. 13/095,975

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Focus on hardware in latest launch of products from Google;
Pixel phones were the highlight but expect other items to be highly sought

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar, Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 703 words


With a goal of building a personal Google for every user, the search engine
giant announced new hardware at an event in San Francisco Tuesday, including new
smartphones, a virtual reality headset and a new Wi-Fi device.

The new products helped the company play catch-up in some of the buzziest
sectors in technology, including artificial intelligence (AI), virtual reality
(VR), 4K TV and "smart" homes.

"We are at a seminal moment in computing," said Sundar Pichai, Google's CEO.
"When I look ahead, we are evolving from a mobile first to an AI-first computing
... It will be everywhere."

During the presentation, Pichai talked about Google's recent advances in AI and
machine learning, in part to talk about advances with Google Assistant (its Siri
rival), which the company wants to be the connective tissue between all of its
devices.

"Our vision is for to it be universal," he said. "It's equally important to get
the Assistant into the hands of users, which is what today is all about."

Signalling that this as a strong move into hardware, executives said these were
devices that are "designed by and made by Google." The company's previous
strategy was to license its tech and have it made by hardware partners, like it
did with its previous Nexus lines of phones.

Despite Tuesday's rhetoric, a spokesperson confirmed that while the products are
designed by the company, they will still be actually manufactured by partners.
As an example, the Pixel phones are being built by HTC.

Beyond the desire to put its Assistant in front of people, the company also
looks to be putting its spin on other recent popular tech products - and at
lower prices. Amazon's Echo line of "smart" speakers, have received rave reviews
in the U.S. and are a clear inspiration for Google Home.

Since the company reorganized itself as Alphabet, there have been reports about
the company looking to turn more profit, as opposed to spending time and money
on "moon shots," the colloquial term for some of its more out there ideas.

As well, it is clear the Google is looking to build its own ecosystem of
products, with Assistant at the centre, and other accessories to keep consumers
close to the company. It is a similar approach to competitors including Apple
and Samsung.

Here are the products Google launched:

Google Pixel Phones

With the launch of these devices, Google's Nexus brand will officially be on
hiatus. There will be two sizes, the Pixel has a 5-inch screen and the Pixel XL
has a 5.5-inch screen. The components of the phone are expected to be premium
flagship class, with an aluminum unibody design, Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 821
processor, 4GB of RAM, 12-megapixel cameras and fingerprint scanners. The Pixel
will cost $899 and the XL will be $1,049 in Canada, and launch in November.

The phones will run Nougat, the latest Android OS, unlimited photo and video
storage on Google Photos and Assistant built in. They will also be the first
phones that support Daydream View, the company's new VR headset.

Daydream View

The company's VR headset that will work in conjunction with the new Pixel
phones. Similar to the Samsung Galaxy VR, the phones will slide in to power the
experience. It has a cloth material shell and will also ship with a hand-held
remote. It will cost $79 (U.S.), with plans to launch in Canada before the end
of 2016.

Google Wi-Fi

Like the U.S.-only Eero and Luma, Wi-Fi is part of a new thinking in router
design. Rather than a single wireless unit, these routers use a number of
modular remote devices that can be placed around the home to create a much
stronger signal. One costs $129 (U.S.), and a three-pack costs $299. Coming soon
to Canada, likely in 2017.

Chromecast Ultra: Google is updating its TV dongle, which will now support 4K
and HDR content. It will cost $90 and launch sometime in November.

Google Home

Google Home is meant to compete with Amazon's Echo, a "smart" home speaker.
Using Google's Assistant, Home will allow you to use voice commands to play
music, get answers from Google, manage everyday tasks and control other smart
home devices. Expected to be priced at $129 (U.S.), which is cheaper than the
Echo at $179 (U.S.). Neither are available in Canada, though Google Home may
arrive in 2017.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on February 17 titled as "Single
pixel camera"

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,958,005, on
February 17, 2015, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Single pixel camera"

Inventors:  Miao; Xiaoyu (Sunnyvale, CA), Amirparviz; Babak (Mountain View, CA)

Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
camera system includes a single pixel photo-sensor disposed in or on a substrate
to acquire image data. A micro-lens is adjustably positioned above the single
pixel photo-sensor to focus external scene light onto the single pixel
photo-sensor. An actuator is coupled to the micro-lens to adjust a position of
the micro-lens relative to the single pixel photo-sensor. A controller controls
the actuator to sequentially reposition the micro-lens to focus the external
scene light incident from different angles onto the single pixel photo-sensor.
Readout circuitry is coupled to sequentially readout the image data associated
with each of the different angles from the single pixel photo-sensor."

The patent was filed on March 15, 2013 Application no. 13/839,876

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 10:03 AM GMT

Pixel is a direct challenge to Apple - and a referendum on Google;
After fighting long proxy war the two tech titans are now in same arena, as
Google bets big on its new phone brand transferring to a market dominated by
iPhone

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1044 words


Google has just launched a new smartphone, the Pixel, and for the first time
this isn't just another Android smartphone - it's a Google phone. The company is
finally launching a direct assault on its biggest rival: Apple.

For years Google has been involved in a proxy war with the iPhone maker. It
makes a rival operating system, Android, it buys up patents and it goes to court
to protect them.

But until now it hasn't truly engaged in hardware itself. It licenses Android
for others to use - and while that has made the operating system the world's
most popular mobile, ahead of iOS, with over 1.4bn devices active a month, it's
not without downsides.

While there is a strength in the sheer number of different manufacturers using
Android, filling almost any market niche, that multi-manufacturer strategy has
also caused problems for the state of Android.

Unlike iOS devices, most Android phones do not receive updates for much longer
than a year. Some do get monthly security updates, but others get Android
version updates sometimes years after Google releases new versions, creating
so-called fragmentation that makes it harder to develop apps and services.

This fragmentation is a problem. Francisco Jeronimo, market research firm IDC's
research director for European mobile devices, says: "Many people care about
updates. They recognise that getting the latest update is about getting
something better, unless they've got an old phone. But it's about how easy it is
to do. Going online and finding and updating is something most will not do. If
you present it as a notification, as Apple does, then most will jump on board."

The only Android devices to get similar updates to Apple's worldwide pushing out
of iOS updates are Google's Nexus devices, which until now have been made in
partnership with a big smartphone manufacturer. LG, Huawei, Samsung and HTC have
all made Nexus devices with Google, but these differ from the Pixel phones -
they haven't been sold as the flagship Android device, but more as developer
curiosities, selling on average around 3m devices each time.

According to data from IDC, Google and its Nexus partners have only sold around
23m in total since 2010, making them only 0.2% of the total shipments of
smartphones in that period. A curio, more than a mainstream smartphone. Samsung,
on the other hand, has sold a total of 520m Samsung S models over the years,
while Apple has sold 1bn iPhones.

Samsung has therefore been left as the premium Android champion, particularly as
smaller players including HTC, Sony and LG have struggled. Samsung and Apple are
currently locked in a war for the so-called floating voter : the 20% of users
that ever actually switch platforms.

Now Google has decided to enter that battle and compete with Apple directly. No
more proxies, no more relying on others to champion its mobile operating system
or to make them in a partnership, and it will provide direct updates to devices
in the same way Apple does. The Pixel is a Google phone, and a statement of
intent.

This moment will reveal a lot about the strength of Google's brand. Marc Allera,
chief executive of EE, Google's exclusive network partner in the UK, says: "
Google has long been known as an innovative tech brand and consumers can expect
it to now become a new and exciting player within mobile following this move."

For Google, the Pixel is about putting its brand and services - the Google
Assistant - front and centre. Jeronimo says: "With the Nexus, Google attempted
to bring the best device running the latest version of Android, but couldn't
give priority to one of the tier two manufacturers that were interested in
making it when you have companies like Samsung and Huawei leading the market. It
meant Google struggled to differentiate with its own device when its partners
were already making very good devices that were good value."

The benefits of having one company design hardware and software cannot be
overlooked. That may also have an impact on other Android manufacturers who rely
on Google for software.

Despite Google making an explicit play for iPhone users with a data import tool
available for first time to switchers, the likelihood of Google enticing a
serious number of users to move over immediately is small. In reality, the
Pixel's first users are likely to be current Android users, those with phones
from HTC, Sony, LG, Samsung and Huawei.

Google's vice president of global operations and the Google Store, Ana Corrales
says the Pixel is a continuation of Google giving customers and users choice.
"We're not necessarily trying to compete against Apple. We're just trying to
provide choice at every level and continue our Android strategy."

How third-party manufacturers react will be interesting. Samsung has been
developing its own Tizen operating system for several years, and has both
smartphones and smartwatches running it currently in the market. It's unlikely
Samsung will simply ditch Android in the near term, but should it decide to
divert resources to alternative operation systems, Android's marketshare could
fall.

Jeronimo says: "Now is the time for Google to reset, start from scratch and
deliver on the promise of the Nexus, which it never did. It needs to show the
market what can be done with Android, not just with hardware but with software,
so that third-party manufactures can take those features and adapt them,
generating a stronger relationship with Google."

So the Pixel phone becomes a referendum on Google: If users buy into the idea of
a Google phone, then Google knows that its brand and its services are a key
attractor in a like-for-like shoot out in a high competitive market. Should it
fail to sell, Google could end up with a crisis over brand and users that
affects more than simply a smartphone.

Either way, Google launching a smartphone is seen as a good thing by industry
watchers, regardless of how Google's sales battle with Apple goes.

"It keeps people interested in Android and it raises awareness that Google is
not just developing one version of Android after the other without trying to be
innovative," says Jeronimo. "An announcement like this is important to the
market if it brings something different and innovative, something users can
expect to use over the next year."

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Google's new Pixel phones arent waterproof

LENGTH: 183  words


Because Google "ran out of time"

Google's latest smartphones, Pixel and Pixel XL may not be waterproof, and the
reason behind it is quite simple. Google simply didn't have the time.

During a podcast with WIRED, David Pierce, who reviewed the phone for the site,
shared some inside information regarding the water resistant features of the
handset. He says that, when he asked Google why the phone isnt waterproof, the
reply was "We ran out of time". This makes sense, as the development cycle for
the smartphone was uncharacteristically short, reportedly "nine months and a
week" from design to launch, mainly because Google had to abandon s original
plans for the phone at the end of 2015.

Google initially wanted to have a waterproof phone, found on flagships like the
iPhone 7 or the Galaxy S7. However, to stay with the competition, the deadlines
were tight, probably why Google didn't have the time to focus on the
waterproofing. Instead, the Pixel and Pixel XL instead feature IP53
certification for dust and water resistance, meaning they can withstand splashes

 of water but not submersion.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Google Pixel to Hit Shelves, Ecomm Marketplaces Today

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 218 words


Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through a number
of multi-brand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the plunge
into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from '57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday. It will
go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this month,
besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean major is pushing after
the Galaxy Note 7 debacle. The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be
available on Flipkart and across organised and multi-brand retail stores
including Bajaj Electronics, Croma, Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital,
Sangeetha and Vijay Sales, the company said in a statement on Monday. Google
entered the mobile space with its Nexus series where it partnered with other
manufacturers for design and input.But the company did not market the devices
and did not attach its own branding. Pixel, however, is fully conceptualised and
produced by Google, and the company is going all out to promote the device,
including a 360 degree marketing and branding campaign, a strategy it had not
adopted before.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Google Pixel to Hit Shelves, Ecomm Marketplaces Today

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 218 words


Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through a number
of multi-brand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the plunge
into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from '57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday. It will
go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this month,
besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean major is pushing after
the Galaxy Note 7 debacle. The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be
available on Flipkart and across organised and multi-brand retail stores
including Bajaj Electronics, Croma, Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital,
Sangeetha and Vijay Sales, the company said in a statement on Monday. Google
entered the mobile space with its Nexus series where it partnered with other
manufacturers for design and input.But the company did not market the devices
and did not attach its own branding. Pixel, however, is fully conceptualised and
produced by Google, and the company is going all out to promote the device,
including a 360 degree marketing and branding campaign, a strategy it had not
adopted before.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            November 7, 2016 Monday

DAWN OF THE VIRTUAL ASSISTANT

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 654 words


GOOGLE has hired comedy writers from Pixar and The Onion in a bid to make its
smart assistant more likeable.

It hopes to use their talent to "infuse personality" into its artificial
intelligent (AI) helper, which will be used in the firm's new Pixel phones, Duo
app and Home speaker.

The ultimate goal is to make users feel more emotionally connected to their
personal software agent and the firm believes a livelier disposition could make
this happen.

Last month, Google unveiled its Pixel smartphones and eagerly awaited Home
speaker that will both be designed with the smart assistant.

Although this may change the AI game, actually implementing it into a device is
much harder.

Inventors need to pay more attention to details such as latency, as humans do
not have the time to deal with that while conversing.

Gummi Hafsteinsson, product-management director of Google Home say that Google
wants its users to feel emotionally connected to assistant but the technology
"is still a ways off".

All the virtual assistants on the Market, such as Apple's Siri and Amazon's
Alexa, have some sort of personality to engage with their users.

They can tell jokes and even do entertaining tricks - just recently, Siri showed
iOS users how she can beatbox.

But aside from the minor chuckles, none of these assistants really have a grasp
on how to have a natural conversation.

They communicate with users through scripted responses and when they can't find
an answer to a question, the response is usually "I don't know" or "I'm not
sure".

Goggle's virtual assistant harness the power of Google's search engine along
with the AI technology the firm developed to beat a grandmaster at the ancient
board game Go to create assistants people can talk and text with as if they were
a human being.

Now, the firm hopes that by adding humour to the mix, its personal assistant
will be a game changer for its new technologies.

At a special event in San Francisco earlier this month, the firm unveiled a raft
of new products, including the Pixel phones and Home.

The home speaker, first shown off earlier this year, will be available soon and
will cost USD129 (RM541).

It will compete with Amazon's Echo, and double as a music speaker and personal
assistant, as well as being able to control a TV and hifi.

They include two new phones, a Pixel and the 5.5-inch Pixel XL.

Both phones will be available in 32GB (USD649 for the Pixel, USD769 for the XL)
and 128GB (USD749 for the Pixel, USD869 for the XL).

The devices will be available in Canada, the UK, Germany, Australia, and India.

Although very different, Google said the new products had one thing in common
-AI.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," said Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google.

"We are evolving from a mobile first to an AI first world. Computing will be
everywhere, people will be able to interact seamlessly and above all, it will be
intelligent."

Pichai said a smart assistant was key to Google's plans.

"Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user."

Pichai said its image recognition system was now 93.9 per cent accurate. NYT of
smartphones based digital assistants.

Creative Strategies revealed that 21 per cent of its panel never used Siri, 43
per cent never touched OK Google and 72 per cent have never asked Cortana
anything.

They also found that two per cent of iPhone owners have never used Siri and only
four per cent of Android owners have never used OK Google, which suggests those
who own the phone do indeed call on the powers of the digital personas.

Approximately 395 of consumers use their voice assistant in their home, 51 per
cent in the car but only 1.3 per cent at work and six per cent in public.

Creative Strategies explains that the reason most usage is in the car is due to
the hands-free law that regulates driving and texting.

Those who have never used a voice assistant reported feeling uncomfortable
talking to their technology - particularly in public.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:09 PM GMT

Google press event live: Pixel smartphones, Daydream Virtual Reality, Google
Home, Chromecast Ultra revealed

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 514 words


Google has revealed its new own-built smartphone, Pixel, which the tech giant
says has been built with artificial intelligence in mind, at a live press event
in San Francisco.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into its software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, and comes in both a 5in
and 5.5in size.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision, the tech giant said, aimed at replicating
the type of materials used in other wearable products.

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

Google also introduced a range of new products aimed at creating a "smart home".

This included Google WiFi, a new system of small WiFi receivers placed around a
home to build a network that will improve signal, the internet company said.

The system will also enable users to control access to the internet, turning off
WiFi during dinner time for example.

The tech giant's popular Chromecast streaming device has also been updated to
now support 4K definition for the first time, as well as high dynamic range
(HDR) content, which offers better picture quality.

The new Chromecast Ultra will cost £69 when it launches later this year.

As expected, the firm's smart speaker aiming to rival Amazon's recently-launched
Echo was also unveiled.

Google Home is voice controlled and can be used to manage and control other
smart appliances, as well as using artificial intelligence to answer questions.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:09 PM GMT

Made by Google event: Pixel smartphones, Daydream Virtual Reality, Google Home,
Chromecast Ultra revealed

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 514 words


Google has revealed its new own-built smartphone, Pixel, which the tech giant
says has been built with artificial intelligence in mind, at a live press event
in San Francisco.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into its software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, and comes in both a 5in
and 5.5in size.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision, the tech giant said, aimed at replicating
the type of materials used in other wearable products.

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

Google also introduced a range of new products aimed at creating a "smart home".

This included Google WiFi, a new system of small WiFi receivers placed around a
home to build a network that will improve signal, the internet company said.

The system will also enable users to control access to the internet, turning off
WiFi during dinner time for example.

The tech giant's popular Chromecast streaming device has also been updated to
now support 4K definition for the first time, as well as high dynamic range
(HDR) content, which offers better picture quality.

The new Chromecast Ultra will cost £69 when it launches later this year.

As expected, the firm's smart speaker aiming to rival Amazon's recently-launched
Echo was also unveiled.

Google Home is voice controlled and can be used to manage and control other
smart appliances, as well as using artificial intelligence to answer questions.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           November 3, 2012 Saturday

Making a smart decision on which smartphone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 876 words


With normal mobile phones fast becoming "so yesterday", nearly half of all New
Zealand households now have a smartphone. Claire Rogers takes you through the
options to make sure your switch is indeed a smart one.

--------------------

OPERATING SYSTEMS

The brains of your device, managing your phone's hardware and software and
dictating the usability of your phone and the apps you can download.

APPLE

Apple's iOS has led the way in making smartphones easy and attractive to use
ever since the debut of the iPhone and many would agree it is still tops for
usability. When it comes to apps, iOS is also still No 1, with more than 700,000
apps to choose from.

ANDROID

Google's Android is the most popular, because there are a multitude of handsets
(at a range of prices) from different manufacturers running it.

Google doesn't tightly control which manufacturers use Android or what features
they include in their handsets - which makes for some cutting-edge phones but
some inconsistency across Android devices.

Android integrates well with Google's range of online services, Gmail, Maps,
Calendar, Talk, etc. Google's app store Google Play has just ticked over 700,000
apps, closing in on Apple.

WINDOWS PHONE 8

Microsoft's latest version of its mobile operating system debuted this week and
Windows Phone 8 smartphones should be appearing in shops shortly.

It displays your most-used apps such as Hotmail as live or updated tiles on your
home screen, so you can see at a glance all the latest activity. The range of
apps is still relatively limited but should improve over time. And, of course,
there's smooth integration with Outlook and Microsoft Office.

BLACKBERRY

BlackBerry's star has faded big time with the arrival of the iPhone and Android
smartphones, but it's still an appealing choice for some businesspeople.
Advantages are long battery life, secure emailing, and - for some - a physical
keyboard. But on the downside there are very few apps, and the hardware, with a
low-res, non-touchscreen, means you won't be getting a true smartphone
experience.

SPECS

? Touchscreens: The most visible and for many the most important spec.

Touchscreen resolution is often expressed in pixel dimensions, such as the
Samsung Galaxy S3's 1280 x 720 - this basically means the screen has 1280 pixels
(units of colour) along the length of the screen and 720 pixels along the width.
Other manufacturers express resolution as pixel density - the iPhone 5 has
smaller pixel dimensions but a pixel density of 326 pixels an inch (306ppi for
the Samsung Galaxy S3). For a phone with good screen resolution, go for at least
800 x 400 pixels, and if you want razor-sharp resolution, look for the highest
pixel density count.

? Battery life: You'll probably find you need to charge your smartphone a lot
more than you did your old, more basic mobile because it's doing so much more.

Most of the time battery life is described in milliampere hours (mAh) to give an
idea of how long the device will run for before the battery needs recharging.

Generally the higher the mAh number the better the battery life, but this also
depends on the phone, and devices with bigger screens will use more power.
Higher end smartphones today have more than 1400mAh of battery life.

? Processor power: Processors are the brawn that enable smartphones to carry out
all the tasks you ask of them, such as surfing the web, playing games and
watching video.

Processor power is measured in Gigahertz - the higher the number the better -
and the number of cores a processor has - dual-core processors are better at
multitasking than their single-core counterparts, and quad-core processors are
another step up altogether. Aim for a processor of at least 1GHz and two cores.

Other specs to consider:

? Camera - smartphone cameras are typically pretty sharp these days. Again,
bigger is better when it comes to megapixels but between 2MP and 8MP is usually
adequate.

? Memory - for photos and video you will need a bit of memory. Today's
smartphones pack between 1GB and 32GB, and many also let you expand memory with
a micro SD card.

PROVIDERS AND PLANS

Most smartphone users are on a monthly post-paid plan, which gives them a
certain number of minutes and texts and a mobile broadband allowance.

There are myriad plans available and one size does not fit all, so think
carefully about your usage before opting for a plan. Consumer NZ's TelMe website
is a handy tool in this regard.

Traditionally Telecom plans have offered more data, Vodafone is more generous
with its text allowances and 2degrees has cheaper calling and text rates but
smaller data bundles.

Consumer NZ says Telecom deals are currently the most attractive, with more
data, lots of texts and good pre-pay plans.

Before choosing a provider, make sure it has 3G coverage including mobile
broadband coverage in your area - you can find coverage maps on providers'
websites and through the TelMe site. 2degrees is still building its network and
uses Vodafone's where it doesn't have coverage.

It has mobile broadband zones and customers must use other data packs or pay
different data rates.

Sources: LaptopMag, Dow Jones Newswires, Apple, Telecom, Vodafone, Cnet,
Consumer, ReadWrite, 2degrees, Vodafone, Samsung, HTC, Engadget, Know Your
Mobile, PC Mag, PC World.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     August 12, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Buy The Brand New Lava Pixel V1 With FED: Fastest Expert Delivery From The
MobileStore

LENGTH: 607  words


Wednesday, August 12, 2015: The MobileStore Ltd, India's largest telephony
retailer presents the Lava Pixel V1 with the FED: Fastest Expert Delivery
advantage by partnering with Google and offering the FED service for all those
who are visiting the Android One India Home Page. So all those looking to
purchase the latest Lava Pixel V1 can buy it through The MobileStore FED Service
that delivers the phone at your doorstep within two hours. If you are looking
for an opportunity to touch and feel Lava's Pixel V1smartphone live before
purchasing it look no further than The MobileStore.Experience the Lava Pixel V1
that is now available across290 plus outlets of The MobileStore spread across
India with the added advantage of buying it offline at its online price!

The MobileStore's FED: Fastest Expert Delivery service is a radical solution
from The MobileStore that has changed the timelines for delivering mobile phones
across India. The days where a customer had to wait for 3 to 5 days to receive
their mobile phone after making an online purchase are now history,thanks to The
MobileStore's revolutionary FED service!Such has been the popularity of the FED
service by The MobileStore that Google will offering people who are searching
for the Lava Pixel V1 handset to a dedicated page with a 'Buy Now' with FED
option, which when clicked upon will showcase The MobileStore'sFED: Fastest
Expert Delivery service that promises to deliver your smartphone within 2 hours.

Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Navin Chawla, VP and Head - Product, Lava
International Ltdsaid, "We are extremely pleased to launch Lava's first Android
One device, the Pixel V1. This device sets the foundation for a new category of
smartphones by Lava that offer a great value and experience to the consumer.We
completely believe in the prowess of the innovative FED service offered by the
Mobile store and are confident that with the help of this service we will be
able to reach out to the maximum number of consumers across the nation at their
convenience."

Mr. Alok Gupta,CEO& MD TheMobileStoresaid, "The two major factors that influence
a buyer's decision are pricing and convenience.With this partnership, customers
can benefit from great pricing, in-store experience from The MobileStore and
experience our FED servicethat ensures instant gratification of shopping online.
With our extensive reach across the country along with a well distributed
inventory, the phones will be delivered through our FED service by trained sales
people from our storesoffering much more value-added service. Our strength will
be in bringing the in-store experience to online customers

The Lava Pixel V1 smartphone is backed by google's Android One that means you
will get the latest operating system updates from google instantly. The Lava
Pixel V1 is already loaded with Android 5.0 Lollipop, but Lava Pixel V1 owners
can expect a sweeter treat in the form of Android 5.1 version of lollipop!

The Lava Pixel V1 smartphone that's ultra sleekand compact in design is powered
by a Quad Core 1.3 GHz Processor, runs on Android One based on Android 5.0
Lollipop, and has a 5.5 Inch HD IPS Display TFT Capacitive Touch Screen.The Lava
Pixel V1 comes with an 8MP Front Camera and a 13 MP Rear Camera withBackside
Illumination(BSI) LED Flashthat improvesits performance in low-light.It's also
equipped with 32 GB Internal Memory which can be further extended up to 32 GB, a
2 GB RAM, and a 2,650 mAh Quick Charge 2.0 battery.

The Lava Pixel V1 is now available at The MobileStore Online through the Google
Android One web portal, and Offline at 245 outlets of The MobileStore across the
country.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Google's Pixel smartphones leaked hours before event

LENGTH: 362  words


Hours before Google's big event, UK retailer Carphone Warehouse has leaked
pictures and specifications ofthe company's new Pixel and Pixel XL
smartphones.Apart from pricing and availability, Carphone warehouse revealed
pretty much everything.

The Pixel and Pixel XL appearto have large bezels at the top and bottom of the
screen, along with prominent antenna bands along the back and sides.
Amirror-finish panel takesup the top half of the smartphones' rear where the
camera and fingerprint sensor are housed.

Carphone Warehousehighlighted Pixel features such as its AI-powered Assistant
for conversational search, Allo for messaging, Duo for FaceTime-style video
calls and unlimited photo storage. Both modelswere also shown to support Live
Cases  back covers that came with companion live wallpapers, previously made
available for the Nexus 5X, 6 and 6P in April.

In terms of specifications, rumors circulated around the 5-inch Pixel featuringa
quad-core 20GHz processor with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage. According to Carphone
Warehouse, those estimates came quite close.

The retailerlisted Pixel as having a Snapdragon 821 215GHz processor, with your
choice of 32GB or 128GB of space, as well as a microSD card slot for an extra
256GB. The screen is a Full HD AMOLED display protected by Gorilla Glass 4, and
there's an 8-megapixel camera above it.

The rear camera is a 12-megapixel shooter with an f/2.0 aperture and the handset
is said to be powered by a 2,770mAh battery.

The Pixel XL's page mentions a 55-inch Quad HD display with a 3,450mAh battery
other specifications, including Android Nougat 71 and the camera setup, remain
the same as the smaller device. Both phones appear to be available in black and
white.

Google's phones can go on to compete with this year's popular
devicespopulardeviceslike the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, the LG V20 and the Xiaomi's
Mi 5s  but willhave to score high on performance at a competitive price if the
tech giantwants to gainmarket share.All the aforementioned details look set tobe
confirmed at tomorrow's Google event.

The big daywill also be live streamed on the company's YouTube
channel.Courtesy:span style="color: #333399The Next Web

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

New Google Pixel phone specs leaked by UK retailer

LENGTH: 205  words


With literally one day left before Google's big unveil of the company's new
smartphones, a UK-based retailer accidentally posted information of the upcoming
Pixel phones.

Carphone Warehouse posted on its website details about the smartphones'
specifications, reports The Next Web.

At this writing, the posts have been taken down. The retailer had listed the
Pixel as a Snapdragon 821 2.15Ghz-powered device. It had options for a 32GB and
128GB variants both with a microSD slot for extra 256GB of storage.

The Pixel's camera was listed as 12-megapixels with an f/2.0 aperture. Its
screen is a Full HD AMOLED display protected by Gorilla Glass 4. There's also an
8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The battery was said to be a 2,770mAh
unit.

As for the Pixel XL, the now-deleted post mentioned a 5.5-inch Quad HD display,
Android Nougat 7.1, and a 3,450mAh battery, among others. Both Pixel and Pixel
XL will be available in black and white.

As the information came from a third-party retailer, these specifications could
be subject to change. However, it looks like past rumors weren't too far off the
mark after all.

Google will formally reveal the Pixel smartphones on Oct. 4. The company also
put up a website just for this event.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Shoppers queue at 6am to buy first Pixel smartphone

BYLINE: Mark Blunden

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 170 words


THE first Google Pixel smartphones went on sale in London today - with
enthusiasts queuing from 6am to snap one up.

Shoppers and Google staff packed into a pop-up store inside Currys PC World in
Tottenham Court Road to try out the much-hyped handset.

Londoner Rabi Rafi, 19, was first in the queue after getting up at 5am to ensure
his place, saying he had "not been this excited in a while".

The Pixel and Pixel XL are the first phones to feature Google Assistant and
claim day-long battery life, plus a seven-hour charge after being plugged in for
just 15 minutes.

The 5in Pixel costs £599 and the XL an extra £120. Both are available in silver
or black, with either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage.

Also today, camera giant Kodak announced plans to unveil its new smartphone -
which is aimed at photography enthusiasts and which it says has two
"industry-leading" cameras built in.

The Kodak Ektra will house a 21-megapixel rear camera as well as a 13-megapixel
front-facing camera. It goes on sale in the UK Mark Blunden

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Early call: queue leader Rabi Rafi with his newly-bought Google
smartphone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 12:31 AM GMT

Google unveils Pixel mobile with artificial intelligence and 'best camera ever'

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 508 words


Google has revealed its new own-built smartphone, Pixel, which the tech giant
says has been built with artificial intelligence at its centre.

The Pixel has Google Assistant built into its software, the firm's artificial
intelligence program that is designed to understand context and help with tasks.

The new phone was unveiled at an event in San Francisco, and comes in both a 5in
and 5.5in size.

It has been billed by Google as housing the "best smartphone camera ever made"
and the first device to be built to work with Google's new Daydream virtual
reality platform.

Users will be able to access the Assistant AI program from any screen on the
device, and it will be able to understand context.

When demonstrated on stage, Pixel was able to find details on a restaurant that
was mentioned in a text message conversation - offering contact details, photos
and directions.

Google chief Sundar Pichai said the Pixel marked the beginning of a new era in
computing and smartphones.

"We're at a seminal moment in computing," he said.

"We've always had big shifts in computing in every 10 years or so. It began in
the 1980s with personal computers. In the 90s the web arrived and it was the
biggest platform shift ever.

"10 years later in the mid 2000s, we had the smartphone revolution. Now the
shift continues. We are evolving from a mobile first to AI first world."

Google also revealed the first virtual reality headset for its new Daydream VR
platform, Daydream View.

Unlike rival headsets - including Samsung's Gear VR - View is finished in
fabric, a conscious design decision, the tech giant said, aimed at replicating
the type of materials used in other wearable products.

The new headset is powered by placing the new Pixel smartphone into it, though
Google did also confirm that future Android phones would also come with Daydream
support.

It will enable users to watch YouTube videos and access Google Maps in virtual
reality, as well as play games.

The headset is also supported by a companion controller that can be used as a
remote as well as a way to write and draw in virtual reality.

The tech giant revealed that the View headset will go on sale in November.

Google also introduced a range of new products aimed at creating a "smart home".

This included Google WiFi, a new system of small WiFi receivers placed around a
home to build a network that will improve signal, the internet company said.

The system will also enable users to control access to the internet, turning off
WiFi during dinner time for example.

The tech giant's popular Chromecast streaming device has also been updated to
now support 4K definition for the first time, as well as high dynamic range
(HDR) content, which offers better picture quality.

The new Chromecast Ultra will cost £69 when it launches later this year.

As expected, the firm's smart speaker aiming to rival Amazon's recently-launched
Echo was also unveiled.

Google Home is voice controlled and can be used to manage and control other
smart appliances, as well as using artificial intelligence to answer questions.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Shoppers queue at 6am to buy first Pixel smartphone

BYLINE: Mark Blunden

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 174 words


THE first Google Pixel smartphones went on sale in London today - with
enthusiasts queuing from 6am to snap one up.

Shoppers and Google staff packed into a pop-up store inside Currys PC World in
Tottenham Court Road to try out the much-hyped handset.

Londoner Rabi Rafi, 19, was first in the queue after getting up at 5am to ensure
his place, saying he had "not been this excited in a while".

The Pixel and Pixel XL are the first phones to feature Google Assistant and
claim day-long battery life, plus a seven-hour charge after being plugged in for
just 15 minutes.

The 5-inch Pixel costs £599 and the XL an extra £120. Both are available in
silver or black, with either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage.

Also today, camera giant Kodak announced plans to unveil its new smartphone -
which is aimed at photography enthusiasts and which it says has two
"industry-leading" cameras built in.

The Kodak Ektra will house a 21-megapixel rear camera as well as a 13-megapixel
front-facing camera. It goes on sale in the UK in December for £449.

Mark Blunden

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Early call: queue leader Rabi Rafi with his newly-bought Google
smartphone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Google has a new Pixel perfect plan;
The company doesn't just want you to buy the phone, it wants you entrenched in
its ecosystem

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar Tech Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 596 words


Sometimes, if you want to beat someone at their own game, you have to play by
their rules.

That's the take-away from Google's recent spate of hardware products, easily
seen with its new Pixel, available for sale on Thursday. It's the first phone
the company has designed from the ground up, and the search-engine giant has
taken a page from Apple's book.

The Pixel is really good as an Android smartphone and great as a showcase for
Google's software, and what can happen when the company tries to optimize both
to work together. And along with other products the company announced a few
weeks back, such as Google Home - a smart speaker that can answer queries and
play music - and Google Wi-Fi - a new modular router system - Google wants you
to buy into its ecosystem and stay for a while.

Apple's strategy has always been that walled garden, the closed-off operating
system and series of products that work well together. Google, meanwhile,
focused on software and was the much more open competitor. That approach worked
well for the company; Android is the most popular mobile operating system in the
world, and Google works with many partners, offering a huge variety of products.

The problem is that the open approach has led to fragmentation. While the latest
versions of Android are slick operating systems, how the software upgrades
depends on your device and is often left up to the carriers. With the Pixel -
similar to Google's Nexus line - users are promised that they will get software
upgrades when Google provides them.

The phone itself is a showcase device designed to take on the premium players
out there, the iPhone in particular. A perfect example of that approach is an
included adapter that makes it quick and easy to switch over from an iPhone;
that works well, but the fact that the adapter is included in every box shows
that Google truly hopes people will make the move. The Pixel is also in the same
price range as the iPhone, with the 32GB version starting at $899 and the XL
32GB starting at $1,049. (In Canada, Apple's 32 GB iPhone 7 starts at $899,
while the iPhone 7 Plus 32GB is $1,049.

At this point, though, most people have made their decisions between Apple and
Android, and their preference is likely about more than just the phone. It's
about the other stuff they bought to work nicely with that phone. It's the
ecosystem. If you care about apps, Apple still wins, while Google hopes that its
artificial intelligence expertise - and using the all the data it has gathered
about you to help its personal Assistant - will be the differentiator that keeps
you there.

Google CEO Sundar Pichai pitched this concept as the beginning of creating a
"personal Google" for each person. At this point, Assistant feels slightly
smarter than Apple's Siri, and there were a couple of cool moments with Google's
helper: it can quickly answer queries from the web, recognize and offer to
automatically schedule events, and give a handy daily briefing. Some services
like OpenTable work with Assistant, but others like Uber don't yet. There are
times when it can get frustrating, but it's still early days.

Google's plan has been about using what it learns about you, and acting on it.
That used to mean serving up ads based on your search queries. Now, by getting
serious about hardware, including the new devices like the smart speaker, they
can be everywhere that you are. It's a step toward the idea of pervasive
computing, where no matter the device, the benefits of technology are available
all around us.

For Google, that's a plan that starts with the Pixel.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              349 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Chromebook Pixel LTE to launch on April 8

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 417 words


Google has confirmed that its premium notebook will officially go on sale in the
US next month and that owners will be tied to Verizon's network.

The notebook, which runs Google's own Chrome OS and, instead of installed
applications, offers access to software via its internet browser, caused quite a
stir when it was first unveiled in February. Boasting the highest resolution
screen of any 12-inch portable computer currently available, the Chromebook
Pixel is Google's attempt to show that it can do premium, desirable products
just as well as Apple.

However, at $1449 plus sales tax from the Google Play site, the Pixel may well
be premium but as to whether or not it is desirable, the jury is still out. As
well as LTE mobile internet, the Chromebook Pixel offers wifi connection, a full
touch screen, 4GB of RAM and a 64GB solid state hard disk. In terms of
applications, users have access to whatever web-based software Google offers
within Google Drive plus 100GB of free cloud-based storage. It's also worth
remembering that although the notebook connects to the LTE superfast mobile
broadband network, it doesn't support the older, more common 3G standard,
meaning that if LTE is unavailable, the computer is unable to step down to 3G
and maintain a connection. In other words, no LTE signal, no internet.

In comparison, Apple's range of super-lightweight Mac book Air notebooks --
which have a full operating system more powerful chipsets, a larger hard drive
and a range of leading edge software available -- start at $999 for the 11-inch
model while its professional range of MacBook Pro laptops start at $1199 for a
13-inch model complete with a 500GB hard disk and an optical drive capable of
reading and writing DVDs. Its battery also lasts 7 hours, compared with the
Chromebook Pixel's 5 hours. Such comparisons make the Chromebook Pixel look like
essentially a glorified internet browser --and a pricy one, at that -- however
the concept itself is a very valid one.

The original Chromebooks were offered as cheaper, safer and faster alternatives
to traditional notebooks with installed operating systems (such as Windows or
Mac OSX), and after two years on the market, according to Chitika Insights, the
Chrome OS now accounts for 0.7 percent of North American web traffic. That's
still a tiny amount but considering it accounted for less than 0.2 percent as
recently as October 2012 it is clearly starting to take hold.

Google is yet to confirm when the Pixel will be available outside the US.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2013 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            February 25, 2013 Monday

New Chromebook adds player at the high end;
Touch-screen Pixel shows that Google wants to take on Apple and Microsoft

BYLINE: CLAIRE CAIN MILLER

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 806 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO

ABSTRACT

The company has introduced the Pixel, a new version of its Chromebook range of
laptops that store everything online without desktop software.

FULL TEXT

Google, already dominant in the mobile arena, is stepping further into the
laptop business and moving way up the price scale.

The company has just introduced the Pixel, a new version of its Chromebook
laptops, which store everything online without desktop software. The latest
version has a few major distinguishing factors. Google designed and manufactured
the laptop itself, and it has a touch screen.

It is also much more expensive than previous Google Chromebooks. A Wi-Fi model
selling for $1,300 will begin shipping next week in Britain and the United
States, and a model equipped with a Long Term Evolution cellular network selling
for $1,450 will ship in the United States in April. By contrast, the Chromebook
that Google introduced last autumn cost $250, and was marketed as an
inexpensive, extra device for the home.

The Pixel is for power users, Sundar Pichai, Google's senior vice president for
Chrome, said at a news media event in a San Francisco design studio.

Translation: Google is going directly after Apple and Microsoft to try to sell
its own high-end devices.

The question is whether customers will buy a laptop at this price from an
untested manufacturer, especially when it requires people to do all their
computing in the cloud. There are a host of competitively priced computers on
the market with similar and additional features. Analysts say that in the near
future, most laptops will have touch screens.

''For people who have committed to the cloud and really want a good laptop, this
is the best laptop from a hardware standpoint,'' Mr. Pichai said. ''Some of them
buy Macs, some of them buy Windows 8 machines and we wanted to make sure you
could see Chromebooks in that segment.''

Mr. Pichai said that Google's engineers had paid obsessive attention to the
laptop's design. Its touch screen is brighter and taller and has higher
resolution than those of most laptops, though it also drains the battery more
quickly.

The keyboard responds differently to hard and soft typing. Then there are little
things - the screws are hidden, there is a microphone under the keyboard so the
computer can mute your typing when you are on a video chat and the base of the
computer stays put when you lift open the top.

The new Chromebook is a big step in Google's transition to being a hardware
company. It acquired Motorola Mobility and has teamed up with other
manufacturers to build previous Chromebooks and Android Nexus devices. It has
already built the ill-fated Nexus Q home entertainment device and Google
glasses.

''It's been a long time in computing since we've had this rate of change,''
Larry Page, Google's chief executive, told analysts in January. ''It probably
hasn't happened since the birth of personal computing. That's why we've put so
much focus on devices.''

When people use Google devices, the thinking goes, they are more likely to use
Google's other products - like search, docs and photo-sharing - and to see more
ads.

Chromebooks can store a small amount of data, like a file someone sends you to
download. But the idea is that users will do their computing in the cloud.
Instead of using Microsoft Word or Outlook, for instance, people use Google Docs
or Gmail.

That offers immediate backup and access to digital files from any Internet
connection.

''Even people like my mom and dad live in the cloud, they just don't know what
the cloud is,'' Mr. Pichai said.

The problem is that few people are ready to live entirely in the cloud, and even
many of those who are ready cannot do so because applications like Word are such
a big part of their computing lives.

Google added a few features to make that easier with the Pixel. If a user plugs
in a camera's memory card, the photos upload to Google Plus and the user can
share them with a click. With the help of Quickoffice, a start-up Google
acquired last year, a way to open, edit and send Word or Excel files seamlessly
was created on the Chromebook.

These features are an acknowledgement that Google Docs is nowhere close to
taking on Microsoft Office.

''All of us deal with Word files, Excel files,'' Mr. Pichai said. ''It's here to
stay.''

To help people make the cloud transition, Google is offering one terabyte of
Google Drive storage for three years with the Pixel. That amount of storage is
worth $1,800.

Mr. Pichai admitted that the lines are blurring between Google's two operating
systems - Chrome, used on the company's laptops, and Android, typically used for
touch-screen phones and tablets. He said that did not matter because users of
either operating system used the same Google services.

The Pixel, which is made in Taiwan, will be sold at bestbuy.com and online at
the Google Play store.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - as
well as several other new pieces of hardware

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 538 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting on October 4.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

And with just a day to go, the cat looks to be well and truly out of the bag
thanks to Carphone Warehouse. The UK retailer has inadvertently listed pictures
and details of the upcoming phones.

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The event itself is being held in San Francisco and kicks off at 9am Pacific
Standard Time.

Over here in the UK, that equals 5pm in British Summer Time.

The event will be live-streamed on YouTube for any of those who can't make it
over to San Francisco in person.

Along with the two new smartphones, Google is going to try and push further into
your home with its other new kit.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

First up is expected to be a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

Amazon Echo smart speaker goes on sale in the UK - and Apple's already planning
a rival

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK, which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 25, 2016 Sunday 10:02 PM GMT

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced;
Google is heavily rumoured to have two new Android phones in the pipeline - as
well as several other new pieces of hardware

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 538 words


Google has posted out invitations and a teaser video for a special event it is
hosting on October 4.

It's widely believed to be a launch event for a pair of new smartphones that the
search giant hopes will square off against the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.

Plenty of rumours are already flying about what to expect - the most notable of
which is that Google will be dropping the Nexus branding in favour of Pixel.

Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones: Release date, price, news and rumours about
Google's upcoming iPhone 7 rivals

And with just a day to go, the cat looks to be well and truly out of the bag
thanks to Carphone Warehouse. The UK retailer has inadvertently listed pictures
and details of the upcoming phones.

The finished pictures show the phone from both sides as well as listing some of
its key features. The white gadget bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6
although it has the rear-mounted fingerprint scanner popular with other Android
handsets.

Google Allo: New 'smart' messaging app uses artificial intelligence to predict
what you want to say next

Both the smaller Pixel and the larger Pixel XL will make the jump to the USB-C
charging port and both will have 4GB of RAM and the same 12MP camera on the back
(8MP on the front). There will be a choice of either 32GB or 128GB of internal
storage.

According to the Carphone Warehouse listings, Google will be offering unlimited
amounts of photo storage through its Google Photos app. The latest version of
Android (Nougat) is preinstalled and with that comes Google's AI-powered
assistant Allo and the FaceTime-style app Duo.

It also revealed new Live Cases - basically covers for the phone that match with
live wallpapers you can install.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

The event itself is being held in San Francisco and kicks off at 9am Pacific
Standard Time.

Over here in the UK, that equals 5pm in British Summer Time.

The event will be live-streamed on YouTube for any of those who can't make it
over to San Francisco in person.

Along with the two new smartphones, Google is going to try and push further into
your home with its other new kit.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

First up is expected to be a 4K version of its popular Chromecast streaming
device. Netflix and YouTube already offer some content in 4K so providing your
TV is up to the task, then the Chromecast can handle it.

What made the original Chromecast so popular is that it was available at £30. If
Google keeps the price the same for the new one then it could have another hit
on its hands.

Just like Amazon, Google has a speaker that's designed to sit in your home and
answer any query you have - from football scores to the news headlines and the
weather.

Amazon Echo smart speaker goes on sale in the UK - and Apple's already planning
a rival

It's called Google Home and isn't a secret - but we're expecting the company to
announce pricing and availability in the UK at its October 4 event.

Amazon has recently launched its own Echo speaker in the UK, which means Google
will have to bring it out quickly and at an attractive price in order to compete
with the retailer.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Best of the blog | Digital life

SECTION: INFORMATION; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 859 words


Hurricane Sandy isn't the only thing raining on Google's parade this week. The
rumour mill has apparently spoilt Google's festivities, too, for its plans to
release details of its new tablet that leave no stone unturned.

Google was supposed to launch new Nexus phones and tablets in New York on
Monday, but it had to postpone the event after its venue was declared to be
inside the hurricane's evacuation zone.

So perhaps it's just as well that BriefMobile.com has come to the party with
what purport to be full details, along with 16 hastily-taken photographs, of
what was to be the star attraction at the event: Google's Nexus 10 by Samsung,
which BriefMobile describes as the "best-specced Android tablet in the world".

The tablet has a 1.7 GHz dual-core processor, 2 gigabytes of RAM, a 2560 x 1600
pixel display with a pixel density of 298.9 pixels per inch, and near field
communication.

Probably the most important spec is the pixel density, because if it's true it
means Apple's Retina display is no longer at the top of the tablet heap. The
Nexus 10 will be 13 per cent sharper.

Not that releasing a display that's sharper than the Retina will be much better
than releasing a display that's just as sharp as the Retina: you can't really
see the pixels on the iPad, and the extra pixel density on the Nexus 10 will be
wasted on all but the most eagle-eyed. Still, it doesn't hurt to have bragging
rights.

The leak doesn't just have the specs and images for the Nexus 10, by the way.
Unusually, it also has benchmarks and, unusually for a Samsung device, they
aren't all that good: some results appear to be below those of older, nominally
slower machines. That's either because the super-high-resolution screen is
eating all the processor power or because the device that was tested was still
pre-production and was not yet optimised for speed. Let's hope it's the latter.

After 1.24 billion hours of user testing and just as much talking, Windows 8
finally hit the streets on Friday.

In a string of events around the world, including one in Sydney, Microsoft
launched the new operating system that it hopes will make Windows relevant in a
world where desktop PCs are increasingly becoming irrelevant.

Windows 8 represents the most radical overhaul of Windows that Microsoft has
ever made. Gone is the start button (though you can get it back with third-party
add-ons). Gone are the long lists of applications users would have to scroll
through to find the one they wanted. (You could probably get those back, too,
but why would you?)

Instead, applications appear as app tiles on the user's home screen, quite like
they do on a smartphone, and very much like they do on Microsoft's smartphones,
from which Windows 8 has taken many of its design cues.

Gone, too, for many apps is the Windows desktop and indeed the very concept of a
window, from which Windows took its name. Windows 8, and its little sister
Windows RT, has a new user interface known as Metro, which doesn't put apps into
windows sitting in front of a desktop, but rather makes them permanently
full-screen, just like they are on smartphones - although there is a feature
that allows you to view a second app on one-third of the screen.

(Older applications, ones that haven't been rewritten to take advantage of
Metro, will still work using the old desktop and windows metaphors, at least for
Windows 8. Windows RT, which is designed to run on lower-powered tablets more
akin to iPads, won't run old-fashioned Windows apps, and as such its list of
apps is very limited for now.)

The overhaul of Windows is so extensive, it has many pundits wondering whether
ordinary users will bother with the upgrade. Why learn a whole new way of doing
things, when the old way worked well enough? Why move to Windows 8, when Windows
7 is itself an excellent operating system?

The answer to all those questions is the tablet.

Aaugh!

That's the sound Charlie Brown makes when Lucy Van Pelt snatches the football
away just as he's about to kick it, causing him to go flying into the air.

It's also the sound Microsoft boss Steve Ballmer must have made when Apple

announced a surprise, dramatic upgrade to the iPad last week, just days before
he was to launch the Surface, Microsoft's first tablet. Aaugh!

Or maybe it's more accurate to say that Lucy (or, rather, Apple) has suddenly
moved the goalposts. The surprise changes Apple made to the iPad are dramatic
and impressive, but they still leave Microsoft with a shot.

Apple announced that it had doubled the speed and increased the battery life of
its iPad. It was the only major surprise in its event in San Jose, California,
which mostly centred on the new iPad mini, the details of which had been well
and truly leaked over the past several months.

(The only real question with the mini was the semantic one: would Apple spell it
with a capital "M"?)

What the Surface has, that even the new, faster iPad lacks, is a brand new
operating system, Windows RT, with a very new and very modern user interface,
Metro. That point of differentiation is unchanged by Apple's surprise move.

Of course, it remains to be seen whether Metro will be enough to win over
customers.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Google Android One flops in India again

BYLINE: Danish Khan

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 612 words


NEW DELHI: Google's revamp of its Android One operating system for smartphones
does not appear to have helped the search giant much, if shipment data from
market research firm Cybex Exim Solutions is anything to go by.

In the second version -- which was brought out by vendor Lava -- Google shifted
focus to people who have used smartphones before with higher device price and
better specs of Pixel V1, but it failed to enthuse consumers and shipments
dropped sharply in September and October, according to data from Cybex Exim. ET
was given exclusive access to this data.

Lava, however, disagreed. "Lava Pixel V1 has received a positive response in the
market," the company said in response to ET's queries, adding that the device is
getting the Android Marshmallow upgrade. Google refused to comment on the
matter.

Lava, which was phase 2 partner for Google's Android One initiative, rolled out
Pixel V1 in July for over Rs 11,000 almost double the price of the first
handsets launched a year ago.

Data aside, experts and market insiders said that by not bringing the 4G LTE
variant of the latest Android One smartphone in India, Google and Lava failed to
gauge consumer need and market trend, which resulted in their device not doing
as well as the 4G devices that Chinese and domestic handset vendors launched at
much lower price points.

Google's partners in Thailand and Philippines, I-mobile and Cherry Mobile,
respectively had a different plan around the time Lava launched Pixel V1 in
India they both launched the LTE variants of Android One smartphone.

"The Pixel V1 started off well on account of aggressive marketing push, but lost
to the competition in late Q3 of 2015 due to new LTE launches in the same
segment targeted at the festive season," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst with
Counterpoint Research.

Sources had earlier told ET that Google has spent about $10 million (Rs 60-100
crore) on marketing and promotion for the second phase of the Android One
project in India.

In July, Lava had imported 38,730 units of the Android One smartphone. The
following month the figure leaped to 83,750 units, only to plunge to 5,000 units
in September and 2,500 units in October, according to data from Cybex Exim.

According to Pathak, Lenovo's K3 Note was the best-selling device in the third
quarter with almost 800,000 units sold. In comparison, Pixel V1which falls in a
similar price segment as K3has gone just past 100,000 units during the same
period, despite marketing support from Google and the offline retail strength of
Lava. "Pixel V1 even remained behind Lava's bestselling smartphones under its
IRIS and Flair series, as lack of LTE in sub $150 segment impacted its growth,"
Pathak said, adding that Google needs to create positioning of Android One
devices, the way it does with Nexus devices. It should be positioned as the
'Nexus' of entry level segment.

According to Counterpoint, only 1.2 million units of Android One were shipped to
India during its first year (September 2014 to September 2015) in the country,
making up only 3.5% of the $50-100 phone market, the segment which sells the
most phones. Only 3 million devices are said to have been shipped in total
across the 19 countries that Android One has launched in. Of this, 85% of sales
took place in the Asia-Pacific market.

Counterpoint's Pathak said that for Android One to succeed in India, Google and
its partners need to scale down to lower price points and differentiate the
product from biggest competitor which is 'Android' itself, which is competing
with Android One via original equipment makers (OEM) that are present across
$50-$100 price band in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     October 5, 2016 Wednesday 08:53 AM EST

What #MadeByGoogle really means

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 1315  words


Click for image

Google announced some cool consumer electronics devices at its San Francisco
event yesterday hashtagged #MadeByGoogle: Google Home personal digital
assistant, two new flagship phones under the new Pixel brand, Chromecast Ultra
(capable of 4K video), Google Wi-Fi, and a VR headset for the Pixel phones. The
usual sales channels-Verizon, Best Buy and Google Play-will distribute them.

It sounds like the consumer electronics business, but it is not.

Each product is thoughtfully designed with features that appeal to consumers.
But they also enable Google to extend its infrastructure to increase revenues in
existing businesses, to create new lines of business, and in the case of the
Google Home digital assistant, to acquire a deeper understanding of users than
its search engine provides.

+ Also on Network World: Amazon Echo, Google Home and their competitors will be
a $2.1 billion market by 2020 +

Google's hardware partners in past September announcements would deliver a
complete product that Google would add its name and brand and sell it through
its Play Store and through its channels. Google changed the relationship. Google
engineers sat elbow to elbow with partner engineers, designing and engineering
responsive application-specific devices. In the short term, custom-designed
hardware built for specific applications perform better than commodity hardware.
However, in the longer term, commodity hardware gets faster and less expensive,
eliminating the need for customer hardware.

Looking at these devices from Google's perspective, the company has a good
reason for its #MadeByGoogle hashtag-to deliver high-performance hardware that
enables Google's services.

Google Home: Google Home pictured to the left in the photo below is an
attractive, vase-shaped personal assistant that doubles as a streamed music
sound system. Somewhat like Amazon's Alexa, it can answer direct questions based
on the 70 billion entries in Google's knowledge graph ranked internet sites and
interface with home control systems to, for instance, turn on lights when asked.
It can also conversationally clarify a request for action, such as call an Uber.

Plus, it is the front end to machine learning systems in Google's cloud to
conversationally interact with users. Google Home has to be responsive,
understand what a user said, filter noise from the background, and with very low
latency, send the user's part of the conversation to Google's cloud for
interpretation and a response.

Google Home is powered by Google Assistant, which also was demonstrated on the
new Pixel phone. Peeling away the layers, there are public machine learning APIs
that let independent developers create their own Google Assistant app. And
finally, underneath all of the layers is the embedded Google Assistant software
developer kit (SDK), due to for release next year, that lets other consumer
hardware makers build Google Assistant features into their products.

Google CEO Sundar Pichai said Google's intention is to shift from being a
mobile-first company to become an AI-first company. AI-first means humans
interact with machines conversationally, not just with phones. There is no
reason why a conversational agent has to run on one type of device, such as a
Pixel phone or the Home device. Google Assistant could be built into a
refrigerator, a vacuum or a car with the SDK.

The Home device is a stable, responsive platform. It is better suited as a
personal assistant than a smartphone because it is plugged in, so it is always
ready. And its dedicated hardware makes it responsive to interpreting users'
voices.

During the Home demonstration, it appeared as though the conversation was taking
place locally. However, it communicated with machine learning systems in
Google's cloud to understand and respond.

Like Google search uses machine learning to optimize the interpretation of user
searches and rank results learned from search history, Google Assistant running
on Home, Android and elsewhere will learn to respond by better understanding
what the user has asked and better predict the response that best serves the
user.

If Google Assistant can be optimized to better understand and predict, Google
can use the same technique to predict which ads will appeal to a consumer and
perhaps create new ways to monetize its free services. Home also will learn in a
different context than search: in users' homes. And if it makes itself an
indispensable personal assistant, it will know everything about everyone living
in these homes, improving its ability to predict which ads are most appealing to
users.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: These two beautifully engineered phones with a 5-in.
and 5.5-in. screen, respectively, have been optimized to serve two purposes.
First, the Pixel is Google's new entry into the flagship phone race. It has a
smooth, beautifully designed, glass-and-metal housing that looks and feels like
the best flagship phones. Like all flagships, it has an amazing camera that
achieved a top score of 89 from camera researcher DxOMark. And its specs,
reported by GSM Arena, reflect excellent engineering and curation of top-tier
components into a polished device.

It is also the first Daydream-ready, VR smartphone designed to be inserted in
the Daydream View headset (pictured below). The Pixel design has been optimized
when worn with the Daydream View headset with a very low latency gyroscope and
inertial measurement unit (IMU) to track the user's head movement and a very
fast Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 SoC designed for VR that can render VR video on the
screen that match the user's changing head orientation.

More engineering and more expensive high-performance components have gone into
the Pixel than would be required even for a flagship to make VR apps perform
well while keeping the price in the flagship price range. A smartphone maker
would not ordinarily pay for more expensive VR-ready components unless they were
investing in a new application like Google is in VR.

Google Wi-Fi and Chromecast Ultra: These two devices are best explained
together. Home Wi-Fi routers aren't keeping pace with the steadily rising number
of consumer devices in the home that stream audio and video. And they are hard
to set up.

Google does not want to be a cable company like Comcast, but it does want users
to stream more audio and video content from its Play Store and video content
from YouTube, creating a bigger workload as content shifts from HD to Ultra-HD
4K resolution and 3D VR video. For most consumers, buying the right routers,
configuring them and setting them up, and placing them throughout the home to
provide a strong, evenly distributed Wi-Fi signal is beyond their skill levels.

Google's Wi-Fi business model differs from that of a typical router company that
tries to make a small profit in the cutthroat router market. Google has an
incentive to solve the setup, configuration and signal distribution problem for
the consumer because a better, faster and evenly distributed Wi-Fi signal will
enable users to stream video and audio, as well as stream YouTube where its
margins are much greater compared to routers.

Google Wi-Fi automatically configures multiple access points. Network management
by its smart Network Assist automatically helps avoid Wi-Fi congestion and
transitions the user to the closest Wi-Fi point for the best signal.

Chromecast Ultra fits into this network scheme. It is almost twice as fast as
the second-generation Chromecast, and it supports streaming of 4K video to the
latest high-resolution TVs and Daydream VR headsets.

Google doesn't want to be Apple or Comcast. It wants billions of users to spend
more time in front of every type of screen and immersed in VR consuming its
content. Right now, the hardware needs to be optimized for this task. If
successful, many consumer device makers will build devices like these to expand
Google's ecosystem.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 05, 2016 Wednesday
                                   E2 Edition

Google takes on cellphone giants

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 344 words


SAN FRANCISCO: Google yesterday announced a new "Pixel" smartphone and a suite
of consumer electronics products for the home, planting itself firmly in the
hardware business and challenging Apple's iPhone at the high end of the $400
billion (R5.5 trillion) global smartphone market.

The string of announcements - including the $649 Pixel, a smart speaker for the
living room dubbed "Home", a virtual reality headset, and a new Wi-Fi router -
is the clearest sign yet that Google intends to compete head-to-head with Apple,
Amazon and even manufacturers of cellphones, using its own Android operating
system.

Echoing Apple's long-standing philosophy, Google said it was striving for the
tighter integration of hardware and software.

"The thinking is that if we can work on hardware and software together, we can
innovate much better," said hardware chief Rick Osterloh, citing a recent
reorganisation drive uniting once-disparate hardware teams.

Under the new structure, the company has begun to take a much more integrated
approach to things like supply chain management and design, added Mario Queiroz,
a vice-president of product management.

"The learnings from one product are benefiting another product," he said. Unlike
earlier Google phone efforts under the Nexus brand, the Pixel devices are
designed and developed by Google from the start, although Taiwan'sâ[#x20ac]¨HTC
Corp will serve as the contract manufacturer.

Taking another page from the Apple playbook, Google said it would work
exclusively with a single carrier in the US, Verizon Communications, on the
Pixel, emulating Apple's agreement to launch the original iPhone with AT&T.

That deal gave Apple unprecedented control over the look of the phone and how it
worked. Shares of Google's parent company, Alphabet, closed up 0.3 percent,
while Verizon fell 1.2 percent after the announcement.

With a higher Quad HD resolution, compared to 1080p on the smaller version, the
Pixel's high-end camera is a distinguishing feature of the phone, which will be
able to receive a seven-hour charge in 15 minutes.- Reuters

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on July 8 titled as "Processing a
satellite image of a region to determine a terrain boundary included therein"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,774,470 on
July 8, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Processing a satellite
image of a region to determine a terrain boundary included therein"

Inventors:  Schmidt; Karl Johann (Zurich, CH), Heiler; Matthias (Zurich, CH),
Kehl; Roland (Dubendorf, CH)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system and method for processing a satellite image to determine a terrain
boundary. Pixel data corresponding to a satellite image is obtained. For each
pixel within a subset of the pixel data, multiple image features are determined
corresponding to texture and color statistics for the pixel and neighboring
pixels, based on a feature selection process for selecting discriminative
features. An initial set of rules is generated for determining a terrain
boundary. Plural image models for applying to the pixel data are created based
on the initial set of rules. The plural image models are applied to the pixel
data to generate at least one probability map, which represents output of the
plural image models and corresponds to different terrains within the satellite
image. A binary label mask is generated for the satellite image based on the
probability map, and mask indicates segmentations corresponding to the different
terrains."

The patent was filed on April 3, 2012 Application no. 13/438,788

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             March 2, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chrome in need of a bit more polish;
This Digital Life ; It looks great, but Google's answer to the MacBook Pro is
just too much, too soon, according to Alex Masters

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 512 words


Over these last few weeks we''ve been teased by the possibility of a highend
touchscreen Chromebook, thanks to a suspiciously leaked promo video showing the
mythical device. Well, the rumours were true. Meet the Chromebook Pixel.

Google unveiled the Chromebook Pixel just over a week ago. The 12.85 inch laptop
runs Chrome OS, sports the highest resolution screen ever seen in a laptop, and
has a build quality to rival the MacBook Pro. Not only that, the laptop features
a multi-touch screen, a backlit keyboard that auto-adjusts based on ambient
light, and optional 4G LTE connectivity.

The LTE model is not yet available to purchase in the UK, so it''s WiFi only
until further notice.

Considering the success of the UK''s recent 4G spectrum auctions, it seems odd
Google is not providing an LTE equipped Chromebook Pixel in preparation for this
year''s 4G roll-out, especially considering EE''s current 4G availability. The
Chromebook Pixel is a powerful, premium device targeted at power users,
especially given its price. At £1049.99 plus shipping, it is considerably more
expensive than the average Chromebook, and that''s where things get confusing.

Chrome OS was designed exclusively with web-based applications in mind. An
operating system that delivers Google''s full range of services in a
lightweight, affordable and power efficient package. This is a system designed
to run lean, with modest processing and graphical requirements. Not the kind of
software that warrants the Pixel''s high performance specs.

Google already sells Samsung Chromebooks for £229 and £330, a Samsung Chromebox
for £279 and an Asus Chromebook for £199. All four are fully capable of running
Chrome OS smoothly on much more affordable hardware, which makes the Pixel seem
overkill. In fact, both Samsung Chromebooks have longer lasting batteries.

The £229 Samsung lasts an average of 6.5 hours, whereas the Samsung 550 model
lasts around 6 hours and comes with 3G connectivity as standard. For £999
including shipping you can purchase a MacBook Air with similar specifications,
that''s £50 cheaper than the Pixel. On one hand, you don''t get an equivalent
ultra-high resolution touch-capable screen, but on the other, you get around two
hours extra battery life and can run far more applications, as well as every
Google service available on Chrome OS.

On the plus side, Google has managed to create hardware to rival that of
Apple''s.

If Chrome OS continues to mature into a fully fledged operating system, then one
day we might all be using Google''s cloud OS. But in Chrome OS''s current form,
the Pixel feels like too much, too soon, for too high a price.

Key features: ? Gorilla Glass multi-touch super high-res screen ? 2560 x 1700 at
239 PPI ? Intel Core[TM] i5 processor (Dual Core 1.8GHz) ? Intel HD Graphics
4000 (Integrated) ? 4GB RAM ? 32GB solid state drive (64GB on LTE model) ? Up to
five hours' active use ? Integrated 720p HD camera ? 12.85" display, 3:2 aspect
ratio ? 3.35 lbs/1.52 kg ? One terabyte Google Drive cloud storage for three
years Your bridge results are on page 42

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2013 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on October 14 titled as "Methods
and systems for removal of rolling shutter effects"

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,860,825, on
October 14, 2014, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Methods and systems
for removal of rolling shutter effects"

Inventors: Grundmann; Matthias (Atlanta, GA), Kwatra; Vivek (Santa Clara, CA),
Essa; Irfan (Atlanta, GA)
Assignee: Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods and systems for rolling shutter removal are described. A computing
device may be configured to determine, in a frame of a video, distinguishable
features. The frame may include sets of pixels captured asynchronously. The
computing device may be configured to determine for a pixel representing a
feature in the frame, a corresponding pixel representing the feature in a
consecutive frame; and determine, for a set of pixels including the pixel in the
frame, a projective transform that may represent motion of the camera. The
computing device may be configured to determine, for the set of pixels in the
frame, a mixture transform based on a combination of the projective transform
and respective projective transforms determined for other sets of pixels.
Accordingly, the computing device may be configured to estimate a motion path of
the camera to account for distortion associated with the asynchronous capturing
of the sets of pixels."

The patent was filed on September 12, 2012 Application no. 13/611,023

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario

                            February 22, 2013 Friday
                                 First Edition

Google introduces touch-screen version of Pixel Chromebook

BYLINE: Brian Womack, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 416 words


Google Inc., owner of the world's most popular search engine, debuted a
touch-screen version of the Chromebook laptop, stepping up its challenge to
Microsoft and Apple in computer hardware.

A Wi-Fi only version of the Pixel Chromebook went on sale in the U.S. on
Thursday for $1,299, Google said at an event in San Francisco. In April, the
company plans to introduce a $1,449 version with access to so-called long-term
evolution wireless networks, the fastest available.

Google, already leading in the market for smartphones with its Android software,
is expanding in hardware to lure more users to its web-based services with
Chromebooks that rely on internet applications instead of built-in software.

The company is taking a risk by pushing into the high end of a personal-computer
market that's been slammed by diminishing demand. Laptop purchases have tapered
off as consumers and businesses increasingly favour smartphones and tablets.

"There's a limited number of things you can do well with these types of
machines," said Al Hilwa, an analyst at IDC. "The price is fairly high."

In June, Google unveiled a $199 touch-screen tablet, Nexus 7, to compete with
Apple's iPad as well as the Surface, a tablet introduced that month by
Microsoft. An older Chromebook made by Acer Inc. costs $199, while some versions
from Samsung Electronics Co. and Hewlett-Packard Co. cost more than $300.

Google has stumbled with some previous forays into hardware. The company's
Chrome laptops have been slow to gain traction with consumers, as have the
Google TV set-top boxes and high-definition televisions.

The Pixel machine will be built by a manufacturer in Taiwan, Google said,
without naming the company. It has 4.3 million pixels, more than twice as many
as a typical high-definition television, and features a 12.85-inch screen,
Google said. The device has a glass touchpad, and it runs Google's Chrome
operating system.

"Touch is here to stay and is the future," Sundar Pichai, senior vice-president
for Chrome, said at the event. "We wanted to design something which was very
high end and premium for power users - people who are very, very demanding of
their laptops."

Best Buy Co. will sell the Pixel Chromebook on its website, as will Google.

The new Chromebook features an Intel Corp. chip to enhance speed and
performance. The computers, which come with a free terabyte of storage for one
year, are encased in an anodized aluminum alloy and come with three microphones
that assist in noise cancellation.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

Google shows off new phone, VR headset and Chromecast

BYLINE: Tracey Lien

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE:  SAN FRANCISCO


Gadgets have never been Google's specialty, but they could play a big role in
the tech giant's future.

The Mountain View, Calif., firm on Tuesday announced a suite of devices that
could help draw consumers to Google's software and search products.

Pixel. This is Google's latest entry into smartphones. Available in 5-inch and
5.5-inch models, the Pixel comes with a 12.3-megapixel rear-facing camera that
has video stabilization and zero shutter lag.

It comes pre-installed with Google Assistant and Google's messaging and
video-calling software, as well as 24/7 live customer care, free and unlimited
Google Photos storage and a quick-charge feature that yields seven hours of
battery life on a 15-minute charge. And unlike the iPhone 7, it has a
3.5-millimeter audio jack.

The phone starts at $649 via an exclusive deal with Verizon and is also
available for $27 a month on the Google Store. It is available for pre-order.

Daydream View. Google was the first company to try to make virtual reality
accessible through Google Cardboard, its low-end virtual reality headset made
from cardboard and plastic. Its newest headset, the Daydream View, is comparable
to the more high-tech Samsung Gear VR, but it still undercuts the competition at
$79.

The Daydream View is 30% lighter than similar devices, fits over glasses and is
wrapped in fabric -- making it resemble an oversized sleep mask. It also comes
with a controller that enables users to point and even draw in the virtual
world.

The Daydream View is compatible with Pixel and other Daydream-ready Android
smartphones.

Google Wi-Fi. Google will launch its own range of modular routers starting at
$129 for a single router, and $299 for a pack of three (these are for larger
homes that need a Wi-Fi signal boost).

Chromecast Ultra. A successor to the thumb-sized device that streams digital
media, the Chromecast Ultra is 1.8 times faster than the original Chromecast and
supports 4K resolution. It will be available in November for $69.

--

tracey.lien@latimes.com

Twitter: @traceylien

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: GOOGLE'S NEW smartphone, Pixel, starts at $649 through Verizon
and includes Google Assistant.  PHOTOGRAPHER:John G Mabanglo European Pressphoto
Agency

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google takes on Apple, Amazon with new hardware push

LENGTH: 787  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 -- Alphabet Inc.'s Google on Tuesday announced a new "
Pixel" smartphone and a suite of new consumer electronics products for the home,
planting itself firmly in the hardware business and challenging Apple Inc.'s
iPhone at the high end of the $400 billion global smartphone market.


 The string of announcements - including the $649 Pixel, a smart speaker for the
living room dubbed "Home," a virtual reality headset, and a new Wi-Fi router -
is the clearest sign yet that Google intends to compete head-to-head with Apple,
Amazon.com Inc. and even manufacturers of phones using its own Android mobile
operating system.
 Company executives, echoing Apple's longstanding philosophy, said they were
striving for tighter integration of hardware and software.
 "The thinking is that if we can work on hardware and software together, we can
innovate much better," Google hardware chief Rick Osterloh said in an interview
with Reuters, citing a recent reorganization that united once-disparate hardware
teams.
 Under the new structure, the company has begun to take a much more integrated
approach to things like supply chain management and design, added Mario Queiroz,
a vice president of product management.
 "The learnings from one product are benefiting another product," he said.
 Unlike earlier Google phone efforts under the Nexus brand, the Pixel devices
are designed and developed by Google from the start, although Taiwan's HTC Corp
will serve as the contract manufacturer.
 Swipe at Apple
 Taking another page from the Apple playbook, Google said it would work
exclusively with a single carrier in the United States, Verizon Communications
Inc., on the Pixel, emulating Apple's agreement to launch the original iPhone
with AT&T Inc. That deal gave Apple unprecedented control over the look of the
phone and how it worked.
 Shares of Alphabet closed up 0.3 percent, while Verizon fell 1.2 per cent.
 The phone comes in two sizes, and its high-end camera is one of few
distinguishing features, analysts said. The phones come in black, blue and
silver and will be able to get up to a seven-hour charge in 15 minutes.
Pre-orders begin on Tuesday.
 "Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated
compared to Samsung and iPhone seventh generation phones," industry analyst
Patrick Moorhead said.
 While the new phones are clearly aimed at competing with the iPhone - Google
executives took several swipes at Apple in their on-stage remarks - analysts
said Android rivals like Samsung Electronics could be the biggest victim if the
Pixel takes off.
 Google's strategy of licensing Android for free and profiting from embedded
services such as search and maps made Android the dominant mobile operating
system with some 89 per cent of the global market, according to IDC.
 But Apple still rules the high end of the market, and Google has long been
frustrated by the emergence of many variations of Android and the inconsistent
experience that has produced. Pushing its own hardware will likely complicate
its relationship with Android licensees, analysts said.
 All-purpose assistant
 Google kicked off the event Tuesday by touting the Google Assistant, the
company's voice-activated artificial intelligence system and its answer to
Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa. The presenter showed how customers could make a
restaurant reservation with a few phrases spoken into the phone.
 The assistant will be embedded into the Pixel and Home products and is being
positioned as the central feature in a family of integrated hardware and
software products.
 It is one of a handful of similar assistants that are vying for supremacy as
more people search the web and make purchases online using voice commands, which
may eventually supplant keyboards and touchscreens as the primary means of
controlling digital devices.
 While Google is often cited as the leader in artificial intelligence, Amazon
stole a march on the company with its Alexa-powered Echo home speaker system, a
surprise hit. The Home device and the Echo have many of the same features.
 Google's "Daydream View" virtual reality headset, meanwhile, puts the company
in competition with Facebook Inc., owner of Oculus. The device, which works with
an Android phone, is far cheaper and simpler. It will be available in November
for $79, in time for the end-of-year shopping season.
 Home will also be available in November for $129, including a six-month trial
of ad-free YouTube.
 Google also unveiled a new version of its Chromecast digital media player and a
router dubbed Google Wifi, both boasting the same sleek, minimalist design as
the Home product.
 "These look like products from a single company," said Queiroz, the Google
executive.G

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:52 PM GMT

Google Daydream View VR headset: UK price, release date and features;
Virtual reality is going from strength to strength as Google joins the likes of
Oculus Rift, Samsung, HTC and Sony's PlayStation VR

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 256 words


Google has had a virtual reality headset on the market for a few years - but
it's basically a £13 piece of cardboard .

But today the gigantic technology company unveiled a brand new headset called
Daydream View.

It's more than just a piece of card - instead it's closer to Samsung's Gear VR
headset. But rather than being made out of plastic, it's crafted from fabric
more akin to sportswear.

Google says the Daydream View is 30% lighter than similar headsets.

Of course, it still requires a smartphone to work and Google is no doubt hoping
you'll pair it up with one of its two new Pixel phones .

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones

The Daydream View headset comes with a small remote control that works a bit
like the remote sticks for the Nintendo Wii. It tracks motion control and can be
used for navigation and gameplay.

Inside the remote are sensors that respond to the way you move. Google says it's
so precise you can even write with it.

There's going to be quite a few apps that work with the Daydream View headset as
well. Google first announced the platform at its I/O developer conference back
in May.

The platform will be optimised to run on a number of Android smartphones -
including those from manufacturers like Samsung, Huawei and HTC.

But Google still pointed out that its new Pixel phones are the first that are
"Daydream ready".

The headset will come in a choice of three colours: Slate, Snow and Crimson.
It's set to launch in early November in the UK for £69.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Google Pixel shipments might hit 4 million this year

LENGTH: 203  words


Looks like Google is setting high hopes for the Pixel handsets

Google is certainly aiming high with its latest Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones,
which comes with top hardware and a matching price tag, thus taking a dig at
manufacturers like Apple and Samsung.

According to DigiTimes Research, Google is expecting to sell around 3 to 4
million Pixel phones before the end of 2016. This may seem like a large goal,
but it is nothing compared to the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge sold an estimated 25.1
million units in the first half of 2016, while the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus which
sold 13 million units over their opening weekend, according to GfK.

Earlier, a limited availability and lack of advertising for Google's Nexus line
has kept the whole collection out of the spotlights and radar's of major
shipment companies. However, now that Google is competing directly with Android
manufacturers and Apple as well, we might see a change. The Google name should
offer the company a jump-start, but market data shows that this is now a tough
time to secure a strong market share as a smaller handset brand.

While it is still a long way to go for Google products, but it is safe to assume
that Google can actually reach that goal.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 5:52 PM GMT

Google announces Daydream View VR headset - and it will be available in early
November;
Virtual reality is going from strength to strength as Google joins the likes of
Oculus Rift, Samsung, HTC and Sony's PlayStation VR

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 256 words


Google has had a virtual reality headset on the market for a few years - but
it's basically a £13 piece of cardboard .

But today the gigantic technology company unveiled a brand new headset called
Daydream View.

It's more than just a piece of card - instead it's closer to Samsung's Gear VR
headset. But rather than being made out of plastic, it's crafted from fabric
more akin to sportswear.

Google says the Daydream View is 30% lighter than similar headsets.

Of course, it still requires a smartphone to work and Google is no doubt hoping
you'll pair it up with one of its two new Pixel phones .

Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's
new Android smartphones

The Daydream View headset comes with a small remote control that works a bit
like the remote sticks for the Nintendo Wii. It tracks motion control and can be
used for navigation and gameplay.

Inside the remote are sensors that respond to the way you move. Google says it's
so precise you can even write with it.

There's going to be quite a few apps that work with the Daydream View headset as
well. Google first announced the platform at its I/O developer conference back
in May.

The platform will be optimised to run on a number of Android smartphones -
including those from manufacturers like Samsung, Huawei and HTC.

But Google still pointed out that its new Pixel phones are the first that are
"Daydream ready".

The headset will come in a choice of three colours: Slate, Snow and Crimson.
It's set to launch in early November in the UK for £69.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Google picks a date to launch Pixel phones

LENGTH: 184  words


We might just see the new Pixel and Pixel XL next month

Google is reportedly set to hold a press conference on October 4th, where it is
rumored to launch two new phones, which could potentially be the new Pixel and
Pixel XL.

If rumors are true, we might just see the replacements for the Nexus lineup at
the event to be held in San Francisco which starts at 9am PST, 12pm EST or 5pm
BST on October 4th, which will also be livestreamed on YouTube. The rumors come
from a new leak for an invite which teases a phone silhouette which acts as a
window to various scenes, potentially hinting at a focus on VR. We might also
learn that HTC is officially behind the new pair of phones as well.

HTC also just launched the HTC 10 and the Desire 10, but it is set to top every
other smartphone with the debut of the Snapdragon 821 processor, which is
already in the Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe. However, the focus of this new processor
will be on VR as part of Google's Daydream VR project set to debut in the Pixel
and Pixel XL.

These are just speculations for now, and we will know for sure at the event on
October 4th.

Source

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 25, 2013 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Google Unveils Chromebook With Touch Screen

BYLINE: By CLAIRE CAIN MILLER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BITS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 855 words


Google is stepping further into the laptop business, and moving way up the price
scale.

The company introduced the Pixel on Thursday, a new version of its Chromebook
laptops that store everything online without desktop software. The latest
version has a few major distinguishing factors. Google designed and manufactured
the laptop itself, and it has a touch screen.

It is also much more expensive than previous Google Chromebooks. A Wi-Fi model
selling for $1,300 will begin shipping next week, and a model equipped with an
LTE cellular network selling for $1,450 will ship in April. By contrast, the
Chromebook that Google introduced last fall cost cost $250, and was marketed as
an inexpensive, extra device for the home.

The Pixel, meanwhile, is for power users, said Sundar Pichai, Google's senior
vice president for Chrome, at a news media event in a San Francisco design
studio.

Translation: Google is going directly after Apple and Microsoft to try to sell
its own high-end devices.

The question is whether customers will buy a laptop at this price from an
untested manufacturer, especially when it requires people to do all their
computing in the cloud. There are a host of competitively priced computers on
the market with similar and additional features. Analysts say that in the near
future, most laptops will have touch screens.

''For people who have committed to the cloud and really want a good laptop, this
is the best laptop from a hardware standpoint,'' Mr. Pichai said. ''Some of them
buy Macs, some of them buy Windows 8 machines and we wanted to make sure you
could see Chromebooks in that segment.''

Mr. Pichai said that Google's engineers paid obsessive attention to the laptop's
design. Its touch screen is brighter, taller and higher resolution than most
laptops, though it also drains the battery more quickly. The keyboard responds
differently based on how hard or soft you type.

Then there are little things -- the screws are hidden, there is a microphone
under the keyboard so the computer can mute your typing when you are on a video
chat and the base of the computer stays put when you lift open the top.

The new Chromebook is a big step in Google's transition to hardware company. It
acquired Motorola Mobility and has teamed up with other manufacturers to build
previous Chromebooks and Android Nexus devices. It has already built the
ill-fated Nexus Q home entertainment device and Google glasses.

''It's been a long time in computing since we've had this rate of change, it
probably hasn't happened since the birth of personal computing,'' Larry Page,
Google's chief executive, told analysts in January. ''That's why we've put so
much focus on devices.''

When people use Google devices, the thinking goes, they are more likely to use
Google's other products -- like search, docs and photo-sharing -- and see more
ads.

Chromebooks can store a small amount of data, like a file someone sends you to
download. But the idea is that users will do their computing in the cloud.
Instead of using Microsoft Word or Outlook, for instance, people use Google Docs
or Gmail. That offers immediate backup and the ability to access digital files
from any Internet-connected computer.

''Even people like my mom and dad live in the cloud, they just don't know what
the cloud is,'' Mr. Pichai said.

The problem is that few people are ready to live entirely in the cloud, and even
many of those who are ready cannot do so because applications like Word are such
a big part of their computing lives.

Google added a few features to make that easier with the Pixel. If a user plugs
in a camera's memory card, the photos upload to Google Plus and the user can
share them with a click. With the help of Quickoffice, a start-up Google
acquired last year, a way to seamlessly open, edit and send Word or Excel files
was created on the Chromebook.

These features are an acknowledgement that Google Docs is nowhere close to
taking on Microsoft Office.

''All of us deal with Word files, Excel files,'' Mr. Pichai said. ''It's here to
stay.''

To help people make the cloud transition, Google is offering one terabyte of
Google Drive storage for three years with the Pixel. That amount of storage is
worth $1,800. The more expensive model of the Pixel can also tap into Verizon's
cellular network when there is no WiFi available. The cellular model will not
require a subscription to a monthly data plan. Instead, users will have various
options for connecting to the cellular network, like buying access for a day or
adding their device to their monthly Verizon plans. The LTE-enabled Chromebooks
also come with 100 megabytes of free data traffic each month for two years.

Mr. Pichai admitted that the lines are blurring between Google's two operating
systems -- Chrome, used on the company's laptops, and Android, typically used
for touch-screen phones and tablets. He said that did not matter because users
of either operating system used the same Google services.

The Pixel, which is made in Taiwan, will be sold at bestbuy.com and online at
the Google Play store.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/02/21/google
-introduces-a-touchscreen-laptop/

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sundar Pichai of Google with the Chromebook Pixel laptop.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY JEFF CHIU/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              368 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

More Google Pixel phone leaks surface from Verizon

LENGTH: 125  words


People just can't seem to get themselves to sit quietly and wait for Google to
make the official announcements. With just hours left before Google's big reveal
of its by now open secret Pixel phones, more leaks surfaced from Verizon.

The leak was found by Gizmodo in the carrier's Enterprise website. It featured
both the Pixel and Pixel XL in the smartphone section, reports Engadget.

The posts included short descriptions as well as a mention of a mysterious '
Google Magic' feature.

Evan Blass also tweeted a photo that featured several Verizon devices that
suggest two different color themes will be available, namely silver/white and
blue.

Could Google actually be doing this on purpose to create hype or are their
partners really just that careless?

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Google gives 700 trillion-pixels makeover to Maps and Earth apps

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


NEW DELHI: Finding Google Maps, Google Earth apps prettier? Yes, the search
giant Google has been working on it and has rolled out sharper and more seamless
imagery to the tools.The update includes photos from Landsat 8 designed by NASA
and the United States Geological Survey and "new processing techniques for
sharper images than ever before." Google claims that it is mining data from
nearly a petabyte of Landsat imagery.

To put that in perspective, 700 trillion pixels is 7,000 times more pixels than
the estimated number of stars in the Milky Way Galaxy, or 70 times more pixels
than the estimated number of galaxies in the Universe."To produce this new
imagery, we used the same publicly available Earth Engine APIs that scientists
use to do things like track global tree cover, loss, and gain; predict Malaria
outbreaks; and map global surface water over a 30 year period," wrote the
company in a blogpost.According to Google, the satellite images are often
cloudy, but not always over the same place, so the company looked at millions of
images and took the clearest pixels to stitch together a cloud-free and seamless
image.The blog further reveals that the company in its previous mosaic used
imagery from Landsat 7 only, which at the time was the best imagery of its kind.
Unfortunately, Landsat 7 images captured after 2003 were affected by a hardware
failure, resulting in large diagonal gaps of missing data Recently, the Home
Ministry has rejected Google's Street View plan, under which the company plans
to cover India via its SteetView service.Citing security concerns the ministry
said that enabling such image capture techniques led to the planning of 2008
terrorist attacks in Mumbai. The officials further said that the rejection came
after a detailed analysis by the defence and security agencies. The security
agencies believe that allowing Google to cover India may compromise the security
of the country.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google Pixel launch: Are you ready for some Google Magic, or should we say
Google Assistant?

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 589  words


Google Pixel is the first smartphone that will come with the Google Assistant
inbuilt.

So what is this Google Magic that we are going to see with the new Pixel phones?
The real clues on what this means came a week before in New Delhi, not in San
Francisco. At the Google for India event, the search giant showcased how it has
progressed on Machine Learning and Machine Intelligence, more on the former
which improves the latter in the long run.

Today, CEO Sundar Pichai said the machine learning has now reached accuracy
level of 93.9 per cent. While suggesting that the path ahead would be tougher he
said that, however, each percentage change translated into a huge experiential
improvement for the user. For instance, with pictures Google can now understand
more detail and context and not just the subject like before. Also, this was
making translate and text to speech much more impressive and India has been one
of the test labs for most of these technologies.

But what does this mean for Pixel? Well, Pixel is the first smartphone that will
come with the Google Assistant inbuilt. Nothing new you might say, especially
when we have had Siri for many years and Google Now for at least a couple. But
yes, it is a big thing because your assistant is also an intelligent, always
learning, assistant now. So over a period of time it learns how you do things
and how you like things to be done. As someone who has been using Google Allo
for a couple of weeks now, I am very impressed by the progress of 'my'
assistant.

Yes, the MY assistant bit is important too. Pichai says the idea is to make a
different Google, or at least Google Assistant, for each user. So my Google will
be different from your Google, for over time it should be able to throw me
different results from what you get. Google already does this in products like
Google News, but when this comes to search things will be very different. In
India, if you are in a Hindi speaking state, Google already shows you a Hindi
results tab. But the Google Assistant should be able to learn that you are not a
Hindi speaker and filter out those results soon enough, maybe even throwing you
results in your own language.

Then there is the Google Home, the Wi-Fi speaker with Assistant built in. So
Google will be learning about you and answering your queries when you are home
too and these will be contextually aware and different what it shows on the
phone.

Also, the Assistant is getting partners and will be an open ecosystem. So Indian
Express, for instance, will be able to send daily updates and alerts to everyone
who likes our content. Or a grocery chain will be able to interact with you to
check if you are out of any stuff at regular intervals and take orders.
Assistant will be able to respond to direct action requests as well as
conversation actions.

But let's not forget that at the end of the day Google is an advertising company
too. So it would be really tough to keep the ads away. So every morning there
could be an ad pop-up asking you to consider a publisher other than the Indian
Express, or to try out a different grocer. With Google knowing so much about
you, there is a question of how comfortable you would be with this. For
instance, we already see what this can do to you online with ads following you
even on the mail based on the content and context. We can just hope Google will
not go for an overkill when it comes to selling ads and making money. We might,
just might, put up with some of it for the sake of the convenience that is the
Google Assistant.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on October 21 titled as
"Determining exposure times using split paxels"

LENGTH: 175  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,866,928 on
October 21, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Determining exposure
times using split paxels"

Inventors:  Geiss; Ryan (Mountain View, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
plurality of images of a scene may be captured. Each image of the plurality of
images may be captured using a different total exposure time (TET). The images
in the plurality of images may be downsampled. A pixel value histogram based on
pixel values of the downsampled images may be constructed. The pixel value
histogram may be compared to one or more reference pixel value histograms. A
payload TET may be determined based on comparing the pixel value histogram to
the one or more reference pixel value histograms."

The patent was filed on December 18, 2012 Application no. 13/718,533

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Android One fails to make a mark despite revamp

BYLINE: Danish Khan

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 622 words


NEW DELHI: Google's revamp of its Android One operating system for smartphones
does not appear to have helped the search giant much, if shipment data from
market research firm Cybex Exim Solutions is anything to go by.

In the second version -which was brought out by vendor Lava -Google shifted
focus to people who have used smartphones before with higher device price and
better specs of Pixel V1, but it failed to enthuse consumers -shipments dropped
sharply in September and October, according to data from Cybex Exim. ET was
given exclusive access to this data.

Lava, however, disagreed. "Lava Pixel V1 has received a positive response in the
market," the company said in response to ET's queries, adding that the device is
getting the Android Marshmallow upgrade. Google did not respond to ET's query on
the matter till the time of going to press.

Lava, which was phase 2 partner for Google's Android One initiative, rolled out
Pixel V1 in July for over Rs 11,000 -almost double the price of the first
handsets launched a year ago.

Data aside, experts and market insiders said that by not bringing the 4G LTE
variant of the latest Android One smartphone in India, Google and Lava failed to
gauge consumer need and market trend, which resulted in their device not doing
as well as the 4G devices that Chinese and domestic handset vendors launched at
much lower price points. Google's partners in Thailand and Philippines -I-mobile
and Cherry Mobile, respectively -had a different plan around the time Lava
launched Pixel V1 in India -they both launched the LTE variants of Android One
smartphone.

"The Pixel V1 started off well on account of aggressive marketing push, but lost
to the competition in late Q3 of 2015 due to new LTE launches in the same
segment tar geted at the festive season," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst with
Counterpoint Research.

Sources had earlier told ET that Google has spent about $10 million Rs 60-100
crore) on marketing and (.promotion for the second phase of the Android One
project in India.In July, Lava had imported 38,730 units of the Android One
smartphone. The following month the figure leaped to 83,750 units, only to
plunge to 5,000 units in September and 2,500 units in October, according to data
from Cybex Exim.

According to Pathak, Lenovo's K3 Note was the best-selling device in the third
quarter with almost 800,000 units sold. In comparison, Pixel V1 -which falls in
a similar price segment as K3 -has gone just past 100,000 units during the same
period, despite marketing support from Google and the offline retail strength of
Lava.

"Pixel V1 even remained behind Lava's bestselling smartphones under its IRIS and
Flair series, as lack of LTE in sub $150 segment impacted its growth," Pathak
said, adding that Google needs to create positioning of Android One devices, the
way it does with way it does with Nexus devices. It should be positioned as the
`Nexus' of entry level segment.

According to Counterpoint, only 1.2 million units of Android One were shipped to
India during its first year (September 2014 to September 2015) in the country,
making up only 3.5% of the $50100 phone market, the segment which sells the most
phones.

Only 3 million devices are said to have been shipped in total across the 19
countries that Android One has launched in. Of this, 85% of sales took place in
the Asia-Pacific market.

Counterpoint's Pathak said that for Android One to succeed in India, Google and
its partners need to scale down to lower price points and differentiate the
product from biggest competitor which is "Android" itself, which is competing
with Android One via original equipment makers (OEM) that are present across
$50-$100 price band in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Google shows off in its first real-world shop

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 356 words


NEW YORK · It's not exactly a store, but the Google "showroom" that has just
opened in New York is the Internet giant's first real-world shop and a step onto
terrain where rival Apple has excelled.

The success of the temporary storefront that Google opened in the trendy Soho
neighbourhood could help the company decide whether to follow Apple's lead and
operate its own bricks-and-mortar retail operations.

The New York pop-up shop will be open until the end of the year, and will let
people get their hands on new Google devices such as the Pixel smartphone, which
began shipping on Thursday in a direct challenge to Apple's latest iPhones.

"This is not even a testing ground, just an extension of the launch," Google
spokesman Chrissy Persico said at the showroom opening.

"We want people to come in and experience the products."

Google early this month took on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push
into hardware, launching the in-house designed Pixel and a slew of other devices
showcasing artificial intelligence prowess.

By producing both the Pixel's hardware and its Android software, Google is
making a more direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem.

The pop-up shop also displays Google's freshly unveiled Daydream View virtual
reality headset, a modular Wi-Fi system and a Home virtual assistant that will
challenge the Amazon Echo device.

Nothing is sold at the Google shop, but the staff directs potential customers to
the company's online store or to telephone operators who can take orders for
products.

A wall in the shop is decorated with an artful arrangement of blue, red, yellow
and green blocks, set up to display the Internet company's trademark colours.

Only about 30 visitors ventured into the pop-up store for its opening morning, a
lean showing in comparison to the mobs typically drawn to new Apple stores.

Apple also has a shop in Soho, and many more across the United States and the
world.

As differences on the hardware side of premium smartphones have faded,
competitors have increasingly stressed "experiences" such as smooth access to
content or services.

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Visitors to the Google pop-up shop in New York trying out the company's
new Daydream View virtual reality headset. Nothing is sold at the shop, but it
allows people to get their hands on new Google devices such as the Pixel
smartphone, the Home virtual assistant and the Daydream View.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Google to unveil Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones in October

LENGTH: 167  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Sept. 6 -- Google will unveil its Pixel (Nexus) range of devices along
with Daydream virtual reality (VR) and a new 4K compatible Chromecast to replace
the currently available options on October 4, media reported on Tuesday.


 Earlier reports pointed out that HTC is making this year's Nexus phones and
there are two of them - Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed Sailfish and Marlin,
respectively.
 "Google's Pixel XL has allegedly surfaced on a Geekbench benchmark listing
recently, showcasing a couple of pieces of information that seem to confirm once
more that the codename for the device is Marlin," technology website
AndroidHeadlines.com reported on Tuesday.
 Pixel XL is expected to have an aluminum unibody design, a rear-facing
fingerprint scanner and a 5.5-inch screen, according to earlier leaks.
 Pixel XL is rumoured to pack quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
clocked at 1.59GHz paired up with 4GB of RAM and will be running on NMR1, a
version of Android 7.0 Nougat operating system.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Google to unveil Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones in October

LENGTH: 167  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Sept. 6 -- Google will unveil its Pixel(Nexus) range of devices along
with Daydream virtual reality (VR) and a new 4K compatible Chromecast to replace
the currently available options on October 4, media reported on Tuesday.


 Earlier reports pointed out that HTC is making this year's Nexus phones and
there are two of them - Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed Sailfish and Marlin,
respectively.
 "Google's Pixel XL has allegedly surfaced on a Geekbench benchmark listing
recently, showcasing a couple of pieces of information that seem to confirm once
more that the codename for the device is Marlin," technology website
AndroidHeadlines.com reported on Tuesday.
 Pixel XL is expected to have an aluminum unibody design, a rear-facing
fingerprint scanner and a 5.5-inch screen, according to earlier leaks.
 Pixel XL is rumoured to pack quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
clocked at 1.59GHz paired up with 4GB of RAM and will be running on NMR1, a
version of Android 7.0 Nougat operating system.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Open Source FOR You

                               September 27, 2016

Google could mingle Chrome OS with Android to launch Andromeda in 2017

BYLINE: Jagmeet Singh

LENGTH: 301  words


Google is reportedly all set to launch Andromeda as a mix of Android and Chrome
OS. The new open source operating system could go live as early as the third
quarter of 2017.

Android blog Android Police reports that Andromeda will debut on the
next-generation Pixel notebook. Presently codenamed "Bison," the said hardware
is likely to go official as the Pixel 3. This would finally showcase the highly
anticipated efforts by Google's Pixel team in collaboration with Android and
Chrome OS engineers.

Google recently brought its Play store to Chrome OS to offer a large number of
Android apps directly on Chromebooks. However, that tweak within the web-based
platform didn't influence the masses, and many customers are still opting for a
Windows-running laptop or a macOS-powered MacBook. The search giant is thus
apparently in development to release an entirely new combination that can take
on Windows as well as macOS through its powerpack features.

It was initially rumoured that Google would completely merge Chrome OS with
Android and develop a unified solution for smartphones and tablets. But
considering the forthcoming event where the search giant is speculated to launch
Pixel phones, that merge would not have a direct presence on smartphones.

The blog claims that the very first Andromeda device will come as an "ultra-thin
laptop" with a 12.3-inch display and have the latest USB-C ports. Also, the
hardware is expected to be powered by either an Intel m3 or i5 Core processor
with 32GB or 128GB of storage and up to 16GB of RAM.

Google is yet to reveal details about the development of Andromeda. Meanwhile,
the tech world is anticipating Android 7.1 running Pixel smartphones that are
likely to be unveiled on October 4. That same event would also set the stage for
the new platform development.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 6, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Goodbye Nexus! Google's new phones will be called the Pixel and Pixel XL

LENGTH: 163  words


Google will unveil its Pixel(Nexus) range of devices along with Daydream virtual
reality (VR) and a new 4K compatible Chromecast to replace the currently
available options on October 4, media reported on Tuesday.

Earlier reports pointed out that HTC is making this year's Nexus phones and
there are two of them -- Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed Sailfish and Marlin,
respectively.

"Google's Pixel XL has allegedly surfaced on a Geekbench benchmark listing
recently, showcasing a couple of pieces of information that seem to confirm once
more that the codename for the device is Marlin," technology website
AndroidHeadlines.com reported on Tuesday.

Pixel XL is expected to have an aluminum unibody design, a rear-facing
fingerprint scanner and a 5.5-inch screen, according to earlier leaks.

Pixel XL is rumoured to pack quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked
at 1.59GHz paired up with 4GB of RAM and will be running on NMR1, a version of
Android 7.0 Nougat operating system.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google unveils phone that 'never runs out of space'

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 297 words


Google unveiled two new smartphones to go head-to-head with Apple and outlined
its plans for artificial intelligence.

At a San Francisco event, the company showed off its Pixel line of smartphones,
with Google's head of hardware Rick Osterloh announcing the 5in Pixel and the
5½in Pixel XL as expected.

Much of the detail had already leaked online in recent days. The Pixel will have
a choice between 32GB and 128GB of storage and come with 4GB of RAM. The phone
will run Qualcomm's latest 821 processor,and have fingerprint scanner.

The phones have 12.3 megapixel rear-facing cameras with optical image
stabilisation and eight megapixel front cameras.

It comes with a rear glass panel and a polished aluminium case, and "no
unsightly camera bump", said Mr Osterloh.

"The technology needs to be smart and just work for you," he said. "That's why
we believe the next innovation is going to take place between hardware and
software, with AI at the centre."

Chief executive Sundar Pichai kicked off the event by outlining the company's
progress in machine learning and its plans for the technology.

"It is clear to me that we are morphing from a mobile-first to an AI-first
world," he said. "Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every
user."

Google has already used its Assistant technology in its Allo messaging app, and
Mr Pichai said it would be brought to "two new surfaces": phones and homes.
Pixel will be the first phone to have Assistant built in.

Mr Osterloh also emphasised the phone would never run out of space, with free
storage for video and photographs at original resolution, and Clay Bavor took to
the stage to outline the phone's compatibility with Daydream, Google's virtual
reality platform. He also showed off the Daydream View, Google's VR headset.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google launches the much awaited Pixel phone, gives Apple some serious
competition

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 5 -- After years of just partnering with LG, Huawei etc Google
has decided to fully enter the $400 billion market of smartphones. Alphabet
Inc.'s Google on Tuesday unveiled the Pixel and larger Pixel XL, the first
phones that were conceptualized, designed, engineered and tested in-house.

The Pixel handsets feature a Siri-like virtual assistant called Al, flashy
camera features and are the first to boast Android's new Nougat 7.1 operating
system. Pixel is expected to give major players like Apple and Samsung some
serious competition.

In addition buyers of Pixel will also get their hands on free unlimited storage
on Google Photos with photos shot at their original resolution.

A quad-core Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM and a 2770mAh battery, which
can quick charge up to seven hours in 15 minutes, power the new phone. The XL,
naturally, features a much beefier 3,450mAh. The Pixel ships with 32GB of
storage standard, which users can chose to quadruple up to 128GB.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google, Inc (California) on July 15 titled as "System and
method of encoding using selectable loop filters"

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,780,971 on
July 15, 2014, to Google, Inc (California), titled as "System and method of
encoding using selectable loop filters"

Inventors:  Bankoski; James (Wynantskill, NY), Wilkins; Paul (Cambridge, GB),
Xu; Yaowu (San Diego, CA)
Assignee:  Google, Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed herein is a method for selectively filtering and encoding a video
signal having at least one frame including a matrix of pixels. The method
includes selecting a set of pixels within the frame, determining an initial
performance measurement for the selected set of pixels, provisionally applying
each filter to the set of pixels, determining a second performance measurement
for each filter provisionally applied to the selected set of pixels, and
applying the at least one filter to the selected set of pixels to generate a
reconstruction of the frame if the at least one filter is determined to have a
second performance measurement that is better than the initial performance
measurement."

The patent was filed on April 7, 2011 Application no. 13/081,535

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on August 13 titled as "Quantum dot
near-to-eye display"

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,508,830 on
August 13, 2013, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Quantum dot near-to-eye
display"

Inventors:  Wang; Chia-Jean (Palo Alto, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
multi-layer optical structure includes a pixel array layer, an addressing matrix
layer, and a micro lens array. The pixel array layer includes an array of
quantum dot pixels for emitting an image from a first side of the multi-layer
optical structure. The addressing matrix layer adjoins the pixel array layer and
includes electrically conductive signal lines to individual address and activate
the quantum dot pixels to generate the image. The micro lens array includes
micro lenses optically aligned with the quantum dot pixels in an emission path
of the image to focus the image."

The patent was filed on May 13, 2011 Application no. 13/107,732

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Google to make the call on Pixel branding

BYLINE: Chris Griffith, Upgrades

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 575  words


New Pixel-branded phones, the long-awaited Daydream virtual reality platform and
Google Home could be among items announced at a major Alphabet/Google event in
San Francisco next week.

Like Apple, Google makes us guess about what it will launch on October 4. But
again like Apple, there are more probable contenders among the rumours.

Missing from the speculation is an upgrade to Android Wear, Google's operating
system for smartwatches that is badly out of date.

Apple's Watch-OS and Samsung's Tizen offer superior smartwatch experiences. With
Motor-ola, LG and Huawei not expected to release Android Wear watches this year,
the future of Google-inspired smartwatches is nebulous.

On the other hand, Google's overwhelmingly successful Chrome-cast dongle, which
lets you stream content from your phone or tablet to a TV, is tipped to get an
upgrade to 4K. If it does, users can choose 4K content on their phone, and have
their 4K TV fetch it and play it in ultra-high definition resolution.

It is almost guaranteed we will see new branded Google phones. Since 2010,
Google had tasked manufacturers such as Samsung, LG, Motorola, HTC and more
recently Huawei to make "Nexus" phones, handsets that ran an unmodified or
vanilla version of its Android operating system.

Rumours have swirled about a new "Pixel" range, a 5-inch Pixel and larger
5.5-inch Pixel XL handset. Websites have run photos of both with aluminium
finishes, and home screen redesigns with circular icons and launcher shortcuts
in Android Nougat 7.1. Google has also released intriguing new videos hinting at
the devices.

After so many reports, it would be hard to accept that none of this is true.
Google's Home speaker, a voice recognition competitor to Amazon Echo's Alexa, is
another contender. Given that Apple has HomeKit working as an app, Google has to
ramp up its home automation and Internet of Things offerings to attract
developers. This month it released an IoT kit to help developers build IoT apps
and there's been reported moves about this working in concert with its Nest
thermostat ecosystem.

In May, Google announced its Daydream virtual reality platform and there is some
belief it will launch next week. Daydream VR experiences designed by developers
will play on Daydream-compatible VR headsets, although it's unclear whether
Google will release its own headset or leave that to manufacturers.

Manufacturers will have to build fast smartphones with low latency that drive
the Daydream VR experience.

A blog by Google's developers includes reference to experiments in social
interactions in VR, such as trying on hats and sunglasses in virtual shops,
interactions between real and virtual worlds and experiments that make use of
existing VR controllers such as HTC Vive.

Already, Australian VR production companies are gearing to build VR experiences
in Daydream.

Red Cartel managing director Landon Curry said the audience he could reach
through Google and its Android devices was larger when compared with developing
for Oculus Rift and using a Samsung Gear VR headset.

Red Cartel already has developed a VR experience for MAX, part of the Tatts
Group, as an internal branding exercise. It includes a virtual lift experience,
which could be adapted to, say, promoting an airline lounge, where customers
enter the lounge virtually after travelling by lift.Mr Curry said developers who
built games using engines such as Unity were well placed to build VR
applications in Daydream.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google Pixel phones and Home speaker take on Siri and Echo

LENGTH: 1061 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Oct. 5 -- Google has placed a virtual assistant at the heart of its
latest smartphones and first voice-activated speaker.

The two Pixel handsets are the first mobiles to trigger Google Assistant by
pressing their home buttons, somewhat like Apple's Siri.

The Home speaker lets the same artificial intelligence tool be controlled
without use of a touchscreen. It rivals Amazon's Echo.

Google also unveiled new virtual reality kit and a 4K media streamer.

The Assistant has two key advantages over rival systems:

#it can hold a conversation, in which one question or command builds on the
last, rather than dealing with each request in isolation

#it draws on Google's Knowledge Graph database, which links together information
about more 70 billion facts, and has been in use for four years

However, the US company will have to overcome privacy concerns and convince
users that chatting to a virtual assistant has advantages over using individual
apps.

Google already offers the Assistant as part of its chat app Allo - but the
software has been installed on only a small minority of phones that support it
as yet.

SMARTER PHONES

The decision to brand the phones with the Pixel name, rather than Nexus, marks a
break with the past, and is intended to signify that they were designed in house
rather than by another manufacturer.

The devices come in two sizes - with either a 5in (12.7cm) or 5.5in (14cm) OLED
(organic light-emitting diode) screen - but otherwise have similar specs.

Google said the 12.3 megapixel rear camera they share was the best on the market
- basing its claim on an independent test by DxO Labs. And as further
enticement, it is offering unlimited storage for the photos.

Google also drew attention to the devices' glass-and-aluminium bodies, and
specifically noted they featured a headphone jack - unlike Apple and Motorola's
latest models.

Unlike most Android phones, the Pixel and Pixel XL will automatically install
operating-system and security updates as soon as they are released.

But it is their ability to access Assistant as a standalone facility that makes
them unique, at least for now.

"It goes one step further than tapping on the microphone in the Google Search
app and getting a bunch of responses - it gives a conversational feel to what
you are doing," Google executive Mario Queiroz told the BBC.

Users can, for example, ask for what films are playing at nearby cinemas, and
then follow up the reply by saying: "We want to bring the kids," to narrow down
the selection.

"Having a conversation - one where you ask a question and then follow-on
questions - is a much more natural way to interact, and you would think that
would offer a better user experience," said Brian Blau, from the consultancy
Gartner.

"But we haven't had that type of system offered at the mass market level before,
so it's hard to say how well it actually do."

The Pixel will start at &#163;599 and the Pixel XL at &#163;719 when they go on
sale on 20 October.

A month later, Google will launch the Daydream View.

The virtual reality headset and motion-sensing controller make use of Pixel -
and other forthcoming compatible phones - as a display.

A near-field communication (NFC) chip automatically puts the handset into VR
mode when it is fitted inside.

But the main advantages the &#163;69 package offers a user over the existing
Google Cardboard headset is a strap to hold it to their head and its
wave-and-click controller.

Google says it believes smart speakers are about to become a "huge" category.

But Home enters the market nearly two years behind Echo.

The wi-fi speaker is activated by the trigger words "OK Google", following
which, owners can use it to:

#get answers to questions

#control internet-connected lights and other smart home products

#play music via Spotify, YouTube Music, Google Play Music and other services

#set timers and alarms, create shopping lists and get travel updates

Most of this can already be done on the Echo, which benefits from being able to
tap into additional third-party products as well as Amazon's shopping services.

But Google highlighted that Home could link up to its Chromecast media-streaming
dongles, including a new higher-resolution 4K model, in addition to TVs and
speakers with built-in Cast support.

"It gives you an easy way to distribute music throughout your home," said Mr
Queiroz.

"You can also say, 'Play videos of John Oliver on my TV.'

"And your TV will power up and launch YouTube and play the clips. You won't have
to reach for a remote and press the microphone button."

He added that the Assistant would soon be able to control Netflix as well.

The $129 (&#163;101) device is launching in the US only next month, but is due
to come to the UK next year.

Unlike most Google services, it will not play ads of its own, at least for now.

PRIVACY CONCERNS

Some households might be concerned by the idea of Google gaining a further way
to track their habits.

But Mr Blau was not convinced Echo offered a better prospect.

"While Amazon does not do advertising like Google, it does have a large base of
affiliated businesses that get access to the information about what you do and
buy," he said.

"Anyway, consumers say that they are concerned about privacy but in general they
usually don't act on those concerns."

It might seem from today's announcements that Google is showing it can become a
hardware company with the kind of control over the entire user experience that
Apple enjoys.

In fact, the key message coming from Mountain View is about software - and in
particular artificial intelligence.

Google believes that 17 years of collecting data about its users and the world,
coupled with its growing expertise in machine learning, have given it a lead
over rivals like Amazon, Apple and Microsoft.

That AI capability is now being showcased in Assistant, the conversational
helper which will be at the heart of its own devices - and those made by its
partners.

But its Achilles' heel could be customer concerns about privacy. Google may be
smarter about anticipating its users every desire - but many may be cautious
about handing over even more data to a business which already knows so much
about them, according to BBC.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Google Spreads its Hardware Nexus in 2015

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: <img
src="http://media.newindianexpress.com/G.jpg/2015/10/01/article3057694.ece/alter
nates/w620/G.jpg" /> Chennai


Chennai, Oct. 3 -- Nexus 6P (5.7-inch display)


The Nexus 6P continues the not very successful legacy of last year's
big-screened Nexus 6. It is the first Nexus device that came out as a
collaboration between Google and the Chinese phone maker Huawei. It is also
Google's first all-metal phone with a body made from anodised aluminium and the
first Nexus phone to get a finger print sensor. But unlike its predecessor,
which had a massive 6-inch display, the 6P has a 5.7-inch WQHD AMOLED display.
At 7.3mm, the phone is thin. The front has a 6 MP camera for selfies. The top of
the back houses a 12.3 MP Sony sensor combined with two-tone flash and laser
auto-focus. Below the black bar is the round fingerprint sensor which acts just
like the one on the iPhone; it logs into the phone, acts as a password for
purchases from Google Play store and can be used with Android Pay to make
payments at shops. With a USB-C port that enables fast charging and available in
frost white, graphite black and aluminium colours, the Nexus 6P runs the latest
Android 6.0 Marshmallow and will be available in 32GB, 64GB and 128GB
configurations, which will cost $499, $549 and $649 respectively.


Nexus 5X (5.2-inch display)

The Nexus 5, Google's last Nexus phone made in collaboration with LG, has been
one of the most loved phones that Google has ever made. Two years later, the 5
gets a sequel, Nexus 5X. On the front is a 5.2-inch screen with a 1080p display
and a 5-megapixel selfie camera protected by sturdy Gorilla Glass 3. On the
back, a slight bump is taken by the same 12.3-megapixel camera that is found on
the 6P, albeit with laser auto focus so you can take super sharp photos in any
light conditions. Below the camera is a finger print sensor carrying the same
Nexus Imprint technology from Google like the 6P. It can also be used for
logging into the phone and for making purchases on Google Play & Android Pay.
The sturdy phone is thin and lightweight at just 126 grams. It will be available
in Carbon Black, Quartz White and Ice Blue colours. Just like the 6P, it will
also come with a reversible USB C port so you can charge the phone in no time.
Running the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow, the Nexus 5X will come in 16GB and
32GB configurations which will set you back by $379 and $429 respectively.

Pixel C

First came the Microsoft Surface. Then the iPad Pro. Now comes the Pixel C.
Pixel C borrows its name from Google's Chromebook Pixel along with its beautiful
brushed metal body. But instead of the Chrome OS that runs on Google's laptops,
the Pixel C runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The 10.2-inch tablet comes with a USB
C port and packs 3GB of RAM. While its price starts at $499, it is not complete
without the full-sized keyboard ($149). The tablet attaches to the keyboard
through Bluetooth and a magnetic connection. This also allows the docked tablet
to be positioned at any angle from 100 to 135 degrees. The keyboard does not
need to be charged as the tablet inductively charges the keyboard. Pixel C will
be available later this year.

Chromecast and Chromecast Audio

The Chromecast has been Google's way of letting us move our content from our
phones to TV screens. At $35, the first generation Chromecast was cheap and sold
20 million devices. With Chromecast 2.0, Google is ready to give us an upgraded
experience. The streaming stick is a puck with a very flexible HDMI cable that
you can plug into your TV. It packs three antennas and comes with latest Wi-Fi
streaming standards so the experience of streaming from your Android or iPhone
to your HDTV is super smooth. One of the main features of the Chromecast app is
'What's On'; it shows the top content from all streaming apps installed on your
phone. There is also a Chromecast Audio dongle which comes with a 3.5mm jack
that can be plugged into any speaker. Chromecast and the Chromecast Audio are
for $35.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Google is beginning to TAKE on Look, feel of apple;
Internet giant's latest product strategy takes a page out of iPhone maker's
playbook

BYLINE: Jon Swartz, @Jswartz, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 690 words


If Google's product bonanza Tuesday seemed familiar -- a new line of pricey
smartphones, a snazzy voice-activated service and a virtual-reality headset --
it wasn't by accident.

The hardware-software double play was decidedly Apple-like. It's no coincidence
because, frankly, Google is beginning to look, and feel, a lot more like Apple.
And that could mean a major shake-up in a tech industry roiled by questions over
Apple's innovation and declining iPhone sales,  Samsung's troubled Galaxy Note 7
smartphones, an expected sale of Twitter and a mad scramble by nearly everyone
else to bolster their cloud-computing services.

"The market has co-opted the Apple playbook in some ways," says Matthew Quint,
director of the Center on Global Brand Leadership at Columbia Business School.
From a design perspective, he said, Google's new Pixel phone "is as close as
possible in look to an iPhone than anyone, including Samsung." (Google has
aligned with Samsung in the latter's patent design dispute with Apple that goes
before the U.S. Supreme Court next week.)

There is a sea change at the Googleplex in Mountain View, Calif., with a product
strategy and approach straight out of the playbook at Infinite Loop in
Cupertino, Calif. In short, Google is constructing a digital empire of devices
and services, run from one platform, to compete with Apple's cohesive, polished
ecosystem. It is developing a system to control sleek consumer-electronic
products, software and services. The days of its fragmented Android approach are
over.

The Pixel line is "a recognition that the best hardware products come from the
companies that make the operating systems, which has been Apple's strategy all
along -- and Microsoft's more recently with the Surface and phones," says Jan
Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research.

The strategic gambit is exemplified in Pixel and Pixel XL, Google's new
smartphone product line. Priced at an iPhone-like $649 ($769 for the XL), the
sleek phones represent an improvement over their predecessor, Nexus. HTC is
assembling the new Google phones.

The phones featured high-end specs. But the real bragging rights came from the
Google Assistant, Google's version of Siri that, as Google would point out,
leverages the artificial intelligence and machine learning it has been
developing for years -- through its PC-based search, then through its extensive
mapping, and finally in efforts such as AlphaGo, the program that beat a human
champion at a notoriously difficult board game.

It was hard not to see the litany of examples of what Assistant could do in the
light of Apple's improved, but still-limited, Siri digital assistant.

The new phones also touted nifty features: cameras that snap photos faster,
longer battery life and free, unlimited storage, the kind of shopping list Apple
likes to trot out at its product launches. A video promoting the Pixel also
embraced something now missing on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: "3.5-mm headphone
jack satisfyingly not new." In the background, someone coughs "ahem."

Google had more fun at the expense of Apple, poking fun at its South Bay
neighbor by announcing Pixel comes in three colors -- quite black, very silver
and really blue. Several weeks earlier, Apple unfurled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus in black and jet black.

Google rounded out its bag of goodies with Google Assistant, a super-smart
digital helper; a new Home Internet-connected speaker device; a WiFi system; and
Daydream View, a VR headset.

It's the sort of hardware-software treasure trove Steve Jobs once imagined, and
spoke of.

Google's gambit isn't unique, nor is it flawless. Its retail strategy has
struggled in getting gadgets to consumers, and it does not have stores, as Apple
does, to display its wares. But it does have  momentum at a time when its
smartphone rivals face obstacles.

As Creative Strategies analyst Ben Bajarin points out, Google and Microsoft --
with its Surface table strategy combining hardware and software -- are emulating
Apple. "It is a recognition that tightly integrating hardware and software will
always yield the best customer experience," he says.

Contributing: Jessica Guynn

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Eric Risberg, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     November 24, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Lava Pixel V1 Receives Android 6.0 Marshmallow Update OTA

BYLINE: Phalgunn

LENGTH: 173  words


It looks like a good news is out for the owners of the Lava Pixel V1 smartphone
in India.

While we know the smartphone is part of Google's Android One program, the good
news what we are talking about is pretty much an easy guess work.

Lava Pixel V1 has started receiving Android 6.0 Marshmallow update in India and
this time it looks like Google has been pretty fast in rolling out the latest
update for the Android One devices unlike before.

With this new update, Lava Pixel V1 now gets features like Doze, app
permissions, Google Now on Tap and Flex storage, to name a few.

Adding more, the Doze and App Standby are useful for improving the battery life.

To recall, the Lava Pixel V1 comes with a 5.5 inch display, 2 GB RAM, MediaTek
1.3 GHz quad core processor and 32 GB internal memory.

The update is reportedly around 621 MB in size and Lava Pixel V1 owners will be
receiving notifications on their smartphone.

It is also recommended that users require at least 750 MB of free storage to
successfully install the Android 6.0 Marshmallow updates.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on December 17 titled as "Panoramic
image fill"

LENGTH: 158  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,611,696 on
December 17, 2013, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Panoramic image fill"

Inventors:  Zhu; Jiajun (Mountain View, CA), Ogale; Abhijit (Mountain View, CA)

Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems and methods for filling panoramic images having valid and invalid pixel
regions are provided. An invalid region is identified in an initial panoramic
image. Pixel data of invalid pixels in the initial panoramic image are replaced
with pixel data of pixels from a valid region in at least one nearby panoramic
image to obtain a valid fill region."

The patent was filed on April 6, 2012 Application no. 13/441,588

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google gets aggressive with new phones, gadgets

BYLINE: Michael Liedtke and Brandon Bailey; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 613 words

ABSTRACT

Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics giants like
Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones called Pixel
and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "
Google Assistant."

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO >> Google ratcheted up its rivalry with Apple and Amazon by
unveiling new smartphones, an internet-connected speaker that channels a digital
assistant, and other gadgets the company hopes to make indispensable.

The devices announced Tuesday are part of Google's bold move to design and sell
its own hardware, instead of just supplying Android and other software for other
companies to make products. Google's previous attempts at hardware have had
limited distribution and included such high-profile flops as its
internet-connected Glass headgear.

This time around, Google is betting that it can design software and hardware to
work seamlessly with each other. That's an art Apple mastered over the past 15
years as it turned out finely crafted iPods, iPhones, iPads and Macs.

Borrowing another page from Apple's book, Google is backing its expanded product
lineup with the biggest marketing campaign in its 18-year history. The company
isn't disclosing how much it will spend, but made it clear the ads touting
products "Made by Google" will be ubiquitous during the next few months.

"They have done some advertising in the past, but it's never been with this kind
of 'let us take care of everything for you' way," Gartner analyst Brian Blau
said. "This is more like Apple's way of doing things."

Google executives showed off a series of gadgets in rapid succession in San
Francisco on Tuesday.

The new Pixel phones, starting at $650, are aimed squarely at Apple's iPhone and
could also siphon sales from the biggest manufacturer of Android-powered phones,
Samsung.

Android now powers more than 80 percent of the smartphones sold around the
world. But Samsung has increasingly been adding more of its own software,
including its own mobile wallet, on its phones.

Analysts warned that Google's increased emphasis on its own branded devices runs
the risk of alienating Samsung, as well as LG and other longtime partners that
make Android gadgets. Google, though, emphasized it still plans to work with
other manufacturers, even as it tries to become a bigger player in hardware.

Meanwhile, Google's new Home speaker represents a counterpunch to Amazon's Echo,
a similar device that has become a big hit since its release about 15 months
ago. Google Home will cost $129, undercutting Echo by $50.

Google also announced a virtual-reality headset called Daydream View, a new
Wi-Fi router and an update to the company's Chromecast device for streaming
video.

Available in two sizes, the Pixel phones replace Google's previous foray into
smartphones with a Nexus brand introduced six years ago. Google never hailed
Nexus as its own phone, but instead positioned it as an example of how it
believed the Android system worked best.

In promoting the Pixels, Google highlighted a camera it says trumps the latest
iPhone, a long-lasting battery and a dedicated headphone jack - a staple that
Apple eliminated from the iPhones released last month. And while past Google
phones primarily relied on sales through Google's online Play store, the Pixel
will also be sold by Verizon in the U.S.

Analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said in an email that
Google was smart to emphasize the performance of the new smartphone cameras, as
"consumers care about this a lot." But he said other features in the new phones
didn't seem that much different from what Samsung and Apple have offered in
their latest devices.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Google expands its increasingly popular Chromebook line

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 301 words


Google has launched the next-generation Chromebook Pixel, a more powerful model
that raises the bar in the high-end of the Chrome OS notebook range. It has been
nearly four years since the company introduced its first Chromebooks in
partnership with big-name manufacturers, and the line has already attracted a
strong following.

The new Google Chromebook Pixel has a 12.85-inch screen (2560x1700 pixels) and
two new USB Type-C reversible ports. The battery life is up to 15 hours,
according to Google, and a small LED strip allows the user to check the battery
level simply by tapping behind the screen. Two configurations are offered, so
far exclusively in the US, for $999 and $1,299.

Including the first Chromebooks launched in June 2011, Google has introduced a
total of 18 models from nine different brands (Asus, Acer, Dell, Google, HP,
Lenovo, LG, Samsung and Toshiba) in the US, many of which are also available
abroad.

According to Digitimes, Google could soon expand the line with a new 2-in-1
Chromebook, which would be halfway between a Chrome OS notebook and an Android
tablet. The rumored device will reportedly be made by the Taiwanese manufacturer
Quanta.

Different research firms estimate that Google sold between 5.5 and 6.5 million
Chromebooks worldwide in 2014, and ABI Research forecasts that over 10 million
will ship annually by 2019. One telling indicator comes from Amazon, which
reports that its three best-selling PCs over the 2014 holidays were Chromebooks
by Acer, Asus and HP.

On a related note, it is now possible to buy a Chromebook in a brick-and-mortar
Google Shop, the first of which opened recently in London. Two others are
expected to open before the end of this year.

More about the Chromebook line: google.com/chromebook
A video on the new Chromebook Pixel: youtu.be/0-J0FWWDuRg

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                           February 26, 2013 Tuesday
                                1 - MAIN Edition

digital life Google takes aim at Apple with notebook

BYLINE: Jesse Kuch entertainment editor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 216  words


GOOGLE has unveiled a touch-screen notebook computer designed for high-end PC
users, throwing down a gauntlet for Apple and its MacBooks.

Google said its Chromebook Pixel computers blending tablet and laptop
technology, boasting heavyweight Intel chips and screens tailored for rich
graphics were released in the US and Britain.

``People will give up a MacBook Air for this,'' Chrome senior vice-president
Sundar Pichai said while showing off the premium end of what, to now, were
low-priced notebook computers that serve as windows to internet-based services.

A Pixel model featuring built-in connectivity to Verizon mobile internet service
will hit the market in April in the US, according to Google.

The version available on Thursday allowed connections to the internet with
wireless hot-spot technology or cables.

``It's a great-looking product,'' Om Malik of technology news website GigaOm
said at the Pixel debut in San Francisco.

``But Google is facing a selling problem; they have to compete on price
originally and build a developer base for a high-end product.''

Google hoped people look beyond comparing Pixel prices with competitors such as
MacBooks or laptops built on Windows 8 software to see the value the
touch-screen and the massive terabyte of Google Drive online data storage
included.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCP


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The DQ Week

                                October 5, 2016

Smart features to know about Google Pixel

BYLINE: DQW Bureau

LENGTH: 268  words


     ·    Made to look good in your hands.


Pixel comes in two sizes, 5" or 5.5", and is available in two colours - Quite
Black and Very Silver. So you can choose the look that suits you best. Its
curved edges make it easy to hold and smooth to touch. With an aerospace-grade
aluminum unibody and smooth surfaces, the phone was made to look and feel good
in your hands.

     ·    The first phone with the Google Assistant built in


Ask it questions. Tell it to do things. Your Google Assistant is always ready to
answer questions and help you get things done. Just say "Ok Google" or touch and
hold the Home button to start. Try it out!

Say "Ok Google" or touch and hold the Home button.

Ask your Assistant for help finding a nearby cafe: Say, "Ok Google, where is the
nearest cafe?

Then tap the mic and follow up with "remind me to leave for coffee with Maya at
7am".

     ·    The highest rated smartphone camera, by DxOMark Mobile


With a DxoMark Mobile score of 89, Pixel's camera lets you take stunning photos
in low light, bright light or any light. #Nofilter needed. Catch action shots as
they happen with Smartburst, which takes a rapid-fire sequence of shots. Use
Lens Blur to achieve shallow depth of field and bokeh effects, making your
subject pop. And capture dramatic landscapes or make faces glow with new
exposure controls.

     ·    Your stuff, unlimited


Never lose a memory with free, unlimited online storage for your photos and
videos taken on your Pixel, stored at full resolution in Google Photos. Once
you've captured the moment, Google Photos keeps all your photos backed up,
organised, and searchable, so you can find and share them fast.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 The DQ Week, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Google doubles down on hardware

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


With a goal of building a personal Google for every user, the search engine
giant announced new hardware at an event in San Francisco Tuesday, including new
smartphones, a virtual reality headset and a new Wi-Fi device.

The new products helped the company play catch-up in some of the buzziest
sectors in technology, including artificial intelligence (AI), virtual reality
(VR), 4K TV and "smart" homes.

"We are at a seminal moment in computing," said Sundar Pichai, Google's CEO.
"When I look ahead, we are evolving from a mobile first to an AI-first computing
... It will be everywhere."

During the presentation, Pichai talked about Google's recent advances in AI and
machine learning, in part to talk about advances with Google Assistant (its Siri
rival), which the company wants to be the connective tissue between all of its
devices.

"Our vision is for to it be universal," he said. "It's equally important to get
the Assistant into the hands of users, which is what today is all about."

Signalling that this as a strong move into hardware, executives said these were
devices that are "designed by and made by Google." The company's previous
strategy was to license its tech and have it made by hardware partners, like it
did with its previous Nexus lines of phones.

Despite Tuesday's rhetoric, a spokesperson confirmed that while the products are
designed by the company, they will still be actually manufactured by partners.
As an example, the Pixel phones are being built by HTC.

Beyond the desire to put its Assistant in front of people, the company also
looks to be putting its spin on other recent popular tech products - and at
lower prices. Amazon's Echo line of "smart" speakers, have received rave reviews
in the U.S. and are a clear inspiration for Google Home.

Since the company reorganized itself as Alphabet, there have been reports about
the company looking to turn more profit, as opposed to spending time and money
on "moon shots," the colloquial term for some of its more out there ideas.

As well, it is clear the Google is looking to build its own ecosystem of
products, with Assistant at the centre, and other accessories to keep consumers
close to the company. It is a similar approach to competitors including Apple
and Samsung.

Here are the products Google launched:

Google Pixel Phones

With the launch of these devices, Google's Nexus brand will officially be on
hiatus. There will be two sizes, the Pixel has a 5-inch screen and the Pixel XL
has a 5.5-inch screen. The components of the phone are expected to be premium
flagship class, with an aluminum unibody design, Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 821
processor, 4GB of RAM, 12-megapixel cameras and fingerprint scanners. The Pixel
will cost $899 and the XL will be $1,049 in Canada, and launch in November.

The phones will run Nougat, the latest Android OS, unlimited photo and video
storage on Google Photos and Assistant built in. They will also be the first
phones that support Daydream View, the company's new VR headset.

Daydream View

The company's VR headset that will work in conjunction with the new Pixel
phones. Similar to the Samsung Galaxy VR, the phones will slide in to power the
experience. It has a cloth material shell and will also ship with a hand-held
remote. It will cost $79 (U.S.), with plans to launch in Canada before the end
of 2016.

Google Wi-Fi

Like the U.S.-only Eero and Luma, Wi-Fi is part of a new thinking in router
design. Rather than a single wireless unit, these routers use a number of
modular remote devices that can be placed around the home to create a much
stronger signal. One costs $129 (U.S.), and a three-pack costs $299. Coming soon
to Canada, likely in 2017.

Chromecast Ultra: Google is updating its TV dongle, which will now support 4K
and HDR content. It will cost $90 and launch sometime in November.

Google Home

Google Home is meant to compete with Amazon's Echo, a "smart" home speaker.
Using Google's Assistant, Home will allow you to use voice commands to play
music, get answers from Google, manage everyday tasks and control other smart
home devices. Expected to be priced at $129 (U.S.), which is cheaper than the
Echo at $179 (U.S.). Neither are available in Canada, though Google Home may
arrive in 2017.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Google doubles down on hardware

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


With a goal of building a personal Google for every user, the search engine
giant announced new hardware at an event in San Francisco Tuesday, including new
smartphones, a virtual reality headset and a new Wi-Fi device.

The new products helped the company play catch-up in some of the buzziest
sectors in technology, including artificial intelligence (AI), virtual reality
(VR), 4K TV and "smart" homes.

"We are at a seminal moment in computing," said Sundar Pichai, Google's CEO.
"When I look ahead, we are evolving from a mobile first to an AI-first computing
... It will be everywhere."

During the presentation, Pichai talked about Google's recent advances in AI and
machine learning, in part to talk about advances with Google Assistant (its Siri
rival), which the company wants to be the connective tissue between all of its
devices.

"Our vision is for to it be universal," he said. "It's equally important to get
the Assistant into the hands of users, which is what today is all about."

Signalling that this as a strong move into hardware, executives said these were
devices that are "designed by and made by Google." The company's previous
strategy was to license its tech and have it made by hardware partners, like it
did with its previous Nexus lines of phones.

Despite Tuesday's rhetoric, a spokesperson confirmed that while the products are
designed by the company, they will still be actually manufactured by partners.
As an example, the Pixel phones are being built by HTC.

Beyond the desire to put its Assistant in front of people, the company also
looks to be putting its spin on other recent popular tech products - and at
lower prices. Amazon's Echo line of "smart" speakers, have received rave reviews
in the U.S. and are a clear inspiration for Google Home.

Since the company reorganized itself as Alphabet, there have been reports about
the company looking to turn more profit, as opposed to spending time and money
on "moon shots," the colloquial term for some of its more out there ideas.

As well, it is clear the Google is looking to build its own ecosystem of
products, with Assistant at the centre, and other accessories to keep consumers
close to the company. It is a similar approach to competitors including Apple
and Samsung.

Here are the products Google launched:

Google Pixel Phones

With the launch of these devices, Google's Nexus brand will officially be on
hiatus. There will be two sizes, the Pixel has a 5-inch screen and the Pixel XL
has a 5.5-inch screen. The components of the phone are expected to be premium
flagship class, with an aluminum unibody design, Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 821
processor, 4GB of RAM, 12-megapixel cameras and fingerprint scanners. The Pixel
will cost $899 and the XL will be $1,049 in Canada, and launch in November.

The phones will run Nougat, the latest Android OS, unlimited photo and video
storage on Google Photos and Assistant built in. They will also be the first
phones that support Daydream View, the company's new VR headset.

Daydream View

The company's VR headset that will work in conjunction with the new Pixel
phones. Similar to the Samsung Galaxy VR, the phones will slide in to power the
experience. It has a cloth material shell and will also ship with a hand-held
remote. It will cost $79 (U.S.), with plans to launch in Canada before the end
of 2016.

Google Wi-Fi

Like the U.S.-only Eero and Luma, Wi-Fi is part of a new thinking in router
design. Rather than a single wireless unit, these routers use a number of
modular remote devices that can be placed around the home to create a much
stronger signal. One costs $129 (U.S.), and a three-pack costs $299. Coming soon
to Canada, likely in 2017.

Chromecast Ultra: Google is updating its TV dongle, which will now support 4K
and HDR content. It will cost $90 and launch sometime in November.

Google Home

Google Home is meant to compete with Amazon's Echo, a "smart" home speaker.
Using Google's Assistant, Home will allow you to use voice commands to play
music, get answers from Google, manage everyday tasks and control other smart
home devices. Expected to be priced at $129 (U.S.), which is cheaper than the
Echo at $179 (U.S.). Neither are available in Canada, though Google Home may
arrive in 2017.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 3:09 PM GMT

Google press event live: Pixel smartphones, Daydream Virtual Reality, Google
Home, Chromecast Ultra expected to be revealed

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1039 words


Google is expected to unveil two new smartphones at a live press event in San
Francisco, where the firm is also expected to give more information on its smart
home device, Google Home, which was announced in May.

According to reports and a series of leaked photos, the company will on Tuesday
announce the Pixel and Pixel XL as replacements for Google's own-brand Nexus
smartphones.

It has been suggested the Pixel will have a 5in display and the Pixel XL a 5.5in
screen.

The devices will reportedly come with cutting-edge Snapdragon processors,
12-megapixel cameras, fingerprint scanners and larger batteries.

Both phones are also expected to arrive with the latest version of Google's
Android software, 7.1 Nougat.

It enables users to talk to Google's artificial intelligence system to find out
news, weather and travel information, as well as control smart appliances in
their home, including lights and thermostats, using their voice.

The smart speaker is seen as a competitor to Amazon's Echo system which has just
gone on sale in the UK.

An updated version of the Google Chromecast, which enables users to stream
content from their mobile devices to their TV, is also rumoured to be among
Google's plans for the event, with the ability to support 4K definition TV
expected to be revealed.

There have also been suggestions of a new version of Android, designed for
laptops and tablets, incorporating aspects of the Chrome OS software Google uses
for its desktop computers.

Google may also announce details of its Daydream Virtual Reality headset.

Android executive Hiroshi Lockheimer hinted at the change in a tweet last week:
"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8
years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

Pixel and Pixel XL

Even if this wasn't just a plain old phone, it's already been revealed - making
the time spent showing it off at the event a little pointless. Carphone
Warehouse accidentally published information about the phone this week, showing
all of its features and what it will look like.

Daydream VR headset

Google's made a lot of VR in recent years - introducing new features like
360-degree videos on YouTube, and hardware like its super-cheap Cardboard
headset that can have a phone slid into it.

But it appears to be preparing to go even harder into VR, at a time when almost
every company has either made its own headset or suggested that it's about to do
so.

Google is expected to at least unveil some of how that might work at its event -
and potentially unveil the whole headset. That's been rumoured to be called
Daydream, which is a name that Google has used for virtual reality products
before.

What Google will really have to make clear is how its headset stands out from
the huge number of others - what it'll have that's different from Samsung, the
HTC Vive, Oculus Rift or PlayStation VR.

Google Home

This was just one of a number of products introduced at the I/O conference
earlier this year. But it's set to get its proper introduction at Google's
latest event.

Google Home is a little white, rounded obelisk meant to sit in people's homes
and listen out for when they talk to it. When they do, it can fire out
information or play media, according to what people ask for.

It might look to make more of a case for why people will want to bring it into
their house. Amazon has had its echo on sale for a long time, and Apple is
rumoured to be bringing out its own Siri companion - and so it will be expected
to show just what it can do that those can't.

Given that Google has already revealed this, they'll presumably have to announce
a release date at the new event. But it's not clear that they'll say when it
will come to the UK - Amazon's Echo took the best part of two years to go on
sale anywhere outside of the US, presumably because of the extra work needed to
make the content local.

Google Assistant

This is the central part of Google Home. But it's the central part of an awful
lot of other Google things, too - including the new phone.

Leaks have already suggested that the new phones will be advertised as having "
Google Magic". That could easily relate to the way that the Google Assistant
will be baked into the new hardware, presumably allowing it to help people out
by calling on Google's vast web of knowledge.

Google Wi-Fi

This is expected to be a cheap, smart Wi-Fi hub that intends to fix typical
routers by doing things like fix their often rubbish range. It might be one of
the more boring things to be unveiled at the event - there are few people who
get excited about Wi-Fi routers - but it could include some nice innovations
like the ability to have routers link across a house and extend their reach.

What's more, Wi-Fi will be central to the home if Google wants to continue its
mission of connecting everything up to the internet. So this could be the
foundation of some of the more spectacular releases.

Chromecast Ultra

Google has been gradually making new versions of Chromecast - a second version
and one just for audio - which has won plaudits for being a cheap and easy way
to get stuff onto your TV.

This year, the new version will be the Chromecast Ultra, rumours suggest.
That'll be able to send out 4K video - and could get a much increased price to
go along with it.

Andromeda

This is perhaps the longest of the long shots - but it will definitely be coming
at some point, according to rumours. It is the long speculated about unification
of Android and Google's Chrome OS, making an operating system that could be used
across various different systems.

It isn't clear what that might look like, or what new kinds of computers it
might be made for.

And it's unlikely that it'll be arriving this time around. But we might get a
sneak peek at it, or some suggestion that it's planned.

Any surprises?

Google doesn't tend to do surprises - it's a lot more leaky than Apple, for
instance. But there's always space for a shock.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

E-gift ideas for the holidays

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 616 words


If you didn't wrap up all your holiday shopping with Black Friday and Cyber
Monday, here are some ideas that will please both young and old on your list


Pixel C Android tablet The wait is over for Google's new Pixel C Android tablet.
It went on sale this week starting at $649 in Canada, with the keyboard adding
another $199 to the price tag. It's a fairly steep price in the world of tablets
but the Pixel C, the first tablet Google has designed for its Android 6.0
Marshmallow operating system, is a sleek and elegant device that conveys the
care and attention that went into its design and production. With the C in the
name standing for convertible, Google's new tablet jumps squarely into the
hybrid camp, giving users a brilliant 10.2-inch display with 308 pixels an inch
- one upping Apple's iPad Air and iPad Pro resolution of 264 PPI.

The keyboard that goes with the Pixel C is an option but one you'd definitely
want to have because the whole purpose of this device is to provide
multi-function utility and let you leave your laptop at home. It has full size
keys, the same as your notebook computer, although to squeeze it into a slightly
smaller format some key functions are onscreen only. The keyboard attaches
magnetically, tilts for viewing and gets its charging from the tablet. Google
puts the battery life at more than 10 hours and it charges via a USB Type-C
port. The rear camera is 8 megapixel, the front-facing one is 2MP. The Pixel C
with the keyboard weighs in at close to a kilogram, or two pounds, so it's not
exactly a featherweight. It's elegant, albeit somewhat expensive, but certainly
worth a look for the Android aficionado on your Christmas gift list.

Music to Your Ears For all you Sonos fans who have been waiting patiently - and
not so patiently - to be able to access Apple Music on your Sonos wireless
speakers, the wait is finally over. Or at least it will be Dec. 15 when Sonos
and Apple open up their public beta, allowing all the music and features of
Apple Music, including For You, New, Radio and My Music, to stream through Sonos
speakers. Timed to make for a great combo gift, an Apple music subscription,
with a Sonos speaker - ranging from the compact Play: 1 at $219 or $379 for a
pair, up to the new flagship Play: 5 at $549 (shown in large living room photo).
sonos.com.

Sphero BB8 Droid Perhaps you've already scored tickets to opening night of the
latest Star Wars movie, Episode VII - The Force Awakens. In which case you're
well on your way to being best parent/grandma/uncle ever. But if you feel the
need to totally spoil the Jedi in your life, check out Sphero BB8, the
app-enabled Droid that will become as loyal as R2-D2, listening for
instructions, sharing holographic messages and heading out on patrol, whether
it's in the kitchen, neighbourhood or whatever galaxy you happen to be in. $190.

Lights, Camera, Action Every year, photography enthusiast and award-winning
teacher Peter Vogel puts together a survey of digital cameras available in
Greater Vancouver with their street pricing, features and his recommendations.
If you're shopping for a camera, either for you or the shutterbug on your list,
Vogel's digital camera site at vandigicams.ca is a good place to start. Among
his recommendations this year: The Panasonic DMC FZ 200, at $500; Nikon's
Coolpix P610 at $370 and for a budget-conscious choice, check out Nikon's
Coolpix L340 at $180. And a good choice for the nature ninja, the rugged Ricoh
WG-4 that will work underwater for up to two hours, in depths up to 14 metres
and is listed at $230 at London Drugs.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

The future is here, and it's a mixed bag

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: BENGALURU


BENGALURU, Oct. 11 -- Ever since Android and iOS emerged victorious from the
operating system wars of the last decade, there have been large groups of vocal
fans on both sides. Some loved iOS for its simplicity, for the way everything
just worked; while others considered Android superior for how versatile it was.
Despite a lot of excellent devices by companies like HTC, LG, Samsung, and more
recently OnePlus and Huawei, the Android community clamoured for something more,
a phone by Google that represented Android at its purest, designed to truly take
on the iPhone. Last week, Google showed us that it had been listening, and for
many of us, it was a case of 'be careful what you wish for'.


 The Pixel and Pixel XL, which Google unveiled last week, are the company's
vision for the future of handheld computing. Pixel is a phone designed from the
ground up by Google, and should offer the same optimised experience as iPhone
users have enjoyed for years. But on the way to this experience, there is a
catch, or three.
 Android is a many-faced and complex creature, with new iterations constantly
being released and most of the phones struggling to catch up to new versions,
leading to fragmentation. The closest Google has come to addressing this was the
Nexus line of phones, which showcased the latest software and was made as a
collaborative effort with one of many Android manufacturers.
 Pixel has been the death bell for the Nexus line, as the new devices run the
latest Android with some exclusive features, namely Google's Assistant, an AI
interface that the company considers to be the future of human-machine
interaction. The phones are simple in design, almost iPhone-like, and priced
similar to the iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy series, ditching the 'great specs at
subsidised price' philosophy of the Nexus.
 And herein lies our problem. We may have got what we wished for, in a sense,
but the Pixel at first look seems like a case of becoming the enemy to beat it
at its own game. For all the virtues of doing things like Apple does, the
goodwill Google held for making the Nexus line has been dented somewhat. The
Nexus symbolised Android, it gave manufacturers a reason to showcase their best
work, and gave buyers an option to pick the best of software with some signature
hardware touches, all at a manageable price. Now, we have a device that lacks a
sense of identity, that just blends in with everything else Google announced as
a front to their AI, deliberately designed to be innocuous and fade into the
background.
 Maybe the guys at Mountain View are on to something, and perhaps in a few years
we'll look back at this piece and scoff as we interact with our smart devices
purely by voice, in an age where the hardware is only there to stay out of sight
and do its job. But today, when we still consider these devices a style
statement and an extension of our device ideology, the Pixel is a hard pill to
swallow.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Open Source FOR You

                                October 17, 2016

After Pixel phone, Google could directly enter smartwatch world with Android
Wear 2.0

BYLINE: Jagmeet Singh

LENGTH: 424  words


With the launch of its Pixel phone earlier this month, Google already became a
hardware company. But now, the search giant is apparently aiming to expand its
business with new smartwatches based on Android Wear 2.0.

Google has been maintaining its Android Wear platform for wearables since March
2014. The operating system so far existed on the hardware offered by original
equipment manufacturers (OEMs) like LG, Motorola, Samsung and Sony. However, the
company led by Indian-American engineer Sundar Pichai is now likely to make a
big shift and develop its very first hardware attempt.

Not just one but two models in the pipeline

Prolific leakster and technology journalist Evan Blass has hinted the debut of
Google in the world of smartwatches. Blass preferred Twitter recently to suggest
that first two Google smartwatches would launch in 2017. "Google's two
smartwatches will be released with Android Wear 2.0 in Q1 2017," he tweeted.

The new smartwatches by Google are expected to have enough features to counter
Apple Watch 2 Series. These smartwatch models could offer real-time GPS tracking
to influence fitness enthusiasts as well as come with a new silicon to deliver
more power than the current Android Wear range.

Taking open source efforts apart

Foraying into the smartwatch market was not the exact plan when the Pichai team
unveiled Android Wear in 2014. But it appears that over time, the company set to
take on Apple with its own hardware developments. This consideration would give
a hit to the open source community as Apple's original model is nowhere helping
developers leverage offerings like iOS or watchOS for their next projects.

Earlier this month, Google unveiled Pixel phone as its first "Made by Google"
device. This smartphone brought the latest Nougat experience with some exclusive
features that are not available to developers through Android Open Source
Project (AOSP). Notably, Google Assistant, the smarter version of Google Now to
rival Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, is also so far limited to Pixel
launcher that comes preloaded on the latest smartphone hardware.

Though some recent instances are making Google an as close sourced company as
Apple, the former is still trying to persuade developers with various open
sourced IT solutions. The company still has the core Android as an open source
platform, and upcoming developments like Fuchsia and Andromeda could soon expand
its existing community-centric solutions. Moreover, Android Wear 2.0 is also
expected to have some goodies right for app developers.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on January 20 titled as "Facade
illumination removal"

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,938,119, on
January 20, 2015, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Facade illumination
removal"

Inventors:  Han; Mei (Palo Alto, CA), Kwatra; Vivek (Santa Clara, CA), Dai;
Shengyang (San Jose, CA), Ioffe; Sergey (Mountain View, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
image comprising color pixels with varying illumination is selected. Instances
of a repeating pattern in the image are determined. Illumination values for
illuminated pixels at locations within instances of the repeating pattern are
calculated based on pixel intensities of non-illuminated pixels at corresponding
locations in other instances of the repeating pattern. The illumination
variation is removed from the illuminated pixels based on the calculated
illumination values to produce enhanced pixels. Color from the non-illuminated
pixels at the corresponding locations in other instances of the repeating
pattern is propagated to the enhanced pixels."

The patent was filed on May 1, 2012 Application no. 13/461,482

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    December 11, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LG Launches Google Play Edition For LG G Pad 8.3

LENGTH: 202  words


The Google Play edition will run the Android 4.4 KitKat operating system.

Wednesday, December 11, 2013: LG has reportedly launched the Google Play edition
of its G Pad 8.3 tablet. According to reports, the Google Play edition of the
South Korean electronics giant's tablet will come with the Android KitKat
operating system. Just like any other Google Play edition device, this will also
bring a pure Android experience for the KitKat operating system, without the
usual Optimus user interface that comes in these LG devices. Further, the tablet
will get priority in terms of the updates that it gets from Google.

The device is reportedly selling in the US already for $350. The G Pad 8.3 has
an IPS LCD display along with a 1920 x 1200 pixel resolution. It is powered by a
1.7 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 processor with 2 GB of RAM. In addition, the
device has a 5 mega pixel rear camera and a 1.3 mega pixel front camera. The
rear camera can record videos at 1080 pixel resolutions.

LG has reportedly also added a 4,600 mAh battery in the tablet and the device
weighs a total of 338 grams. It is 8.3-mm thin and will be available in Indigo
Black colour. It's a competitor for the Apple iPad Mini with Retina Display.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2013 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

Google Pixel phones seen coming in October

LENGTH: 143  words


It seems that Project Ara is not the only thing that Google is dropping this
quarter. The company appears to also be planning to drop the Nexus moniker in
favor of a new brand name for its Android smartphones.

Google is preparing to announce on Oct. 4 its first two smartphones dubbed Pixel
and Pixel XL. The latter will be a 4K-capable Chromcast dongle and Daydream VR
viewer, reports The Next Web.

It is highly likely that these two devices are the ones that HTC built for
Google which were codenamed Sailfish and Marlin.

Apart from new smartphones, Google is also expected to disclose more information
about its Google Home, a voice-activated speaker powered by Google Assistant
that supports Cast for audio streaming.

Google has yet to confirm anything regarding the new Pixel phones, but hopefully
more information will be made available in the coming days.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday
                              Worcester TG Edition

What we know about new Pixel phones

BYLINE: The Washington Post

LENGTH: 480 words


Google is expected to announce two new phones today, but information seemingly
posted early by a British retailer may have given us all a sneak peek at what's
to come.

All unofficial leaks, no matter where they come from, should be taken with a
grain of salt. With that in mind, however, the leak from retailer Carphone
Warehouse does back up a few things already suspected about the phones,
according to 9 to 5 Google. (Not only that, the pages that revealed the leaks
appear to have been taken down -- often a sign that someone jumped the gun.)

The Carphone Warehouse leak, for example, supports what we've heard about the
new phone's name. For several years, Google has  released phones under the
"'Nexus" brand name. Rumor has it, however, that  Google is ditching the Nexus
name in favor of "Pixel" -- a name it already uses in its Chromebook lineup for
its highest-end device.

According to the leak, the phones will come in two sizes.  One will have a
5-inch screen (larger than the standard iPhone7), while the other will have a
5.5-inch screen (the same same size as the iPhone 7 Plus). Both are supposed to
have fast-charging technology, with language on the removed site boasting that
they will be able to get 7 hours of battery life out of a 15-minute charge. If
true, that's certainly not too shabby.

They will also reportedly have AMOLED screens, like their predecessors. That
promises screens with vibrant colors and deep blacks, which also meet the
specifications of Google's virtual reality project, Daydream.

Both Pixel models shown on the removed site had a metal body similar to the
iPhone, with two speakers that appeared to be rear-facing.

Google's options come at a time when the holiday offerings for smartphones
aren't looking too exciting. Between the widely criticized headphone-jack-free
iPhone and the bad press around the recall of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7, consumers
may be looking for another option.

These Pixel smartphones may not seem like anything much more extraordinary, but
they will serve as the first real vessels for Google's fledgling personal
assistant. In this space, Google has plenty of competition from Apple's Siri,
Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana. But Google's (which is just called
Assistant) also has something none of those others do: the extensive suite of
services baked into the Android system.

Getting the assistant to work smoothly with the company's many services - Gmail,
Calendar, the newly named G Suite (formerly Apps for Work), Maps, etc. - will be
key to the success of Google's efforts in this area overall.

And if the Pixel phones can convince the hardcore Google fans that the company's
assistant should become a key part of their lives, that paves the way for others
to follow in their footsteps -- and gives Google a leg up in the battle to
design an artificial assistant that will become everyone's constant companion.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Gadget fix;
Take your GoPro to new heights, bond with a cute baby robot, relax in a virtual
world, snap up an iPhone 7 rival and size up a belting wearable, writes Graeme
Lennox

BYLINE: Graeme Lennox

SECTION: SUNDAY;FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 653 words


HI, ROBOT

Toyota's Kirobo Mini The 10cm tall automaton, whose name is derived from the
Japanese for "hope", talks and moves like an infant, and is equipped with
artificial intelligence that learns its owner's moods over time. A camera
interprets emotions on the face of the person speaking to it before responding
in a high-pitched voice. It sits in a cradle designed to fit in a car's
cup-holder. Kirobo was developed as part of the Toyota Heart Project, which
studies interactions between humans and artificial intelligence. (EURO)343,
www.toyota.com

SOFT CELL

Daydream View virtual reality headset Google wants to make the virtual world a
bit more, well, comfortable. The firm says its Daydream View is 30% lighter than
other VR headsets and is made from a soft, breathable fabric, which contrasts
with the hard plastics of rival sets. The device will work with
Daydream-compatible smartphones and its sub-(EURO)70 price point means it sits
between the (EURO)20 Google Cardboard and the (EURO)99 Samsung Gear VR.
Available in three colours, it is capable of responding to the wearer's head
movements and comes with a Nintendo Wii-style motion controller. (EURO)69,
www.madeby.google.com

AER FLINGUS

Aer foam dart Dutch Kickstarter project Aer allows you to create stylish aerial
shots using your GoPro action camera. Users activate recording on their GoPro,
place it into a holder inside the device and slide on the foam wings. Chuck it
in the air for some selfies with a difference or throw it into inaccessible
areas for cool video footage. The project is well on its way to reaching its
(EURO)70,000 funding target, with more than three weeks left to run, and first
deliveries will start in January. The water- and crash-proof Aer is compatible
with GoPro Hero 3+, 4 and 5. (EURO)49, www.aervideo.com

PIXEL PERFECT?

Google Pixel smartphones Google has unveiled two new phones designed to take on
Apple's iPhone 7. The Pixel has a 5in, 1080p display while the Pixel XL's 5.5in
screen is quad HD. Both use the latest Snapdragon 821 processor and run a
tweaked version of the Android operating system. Google claims the
12.3-megapixel camera is the fastest on the market and is capable of recording
4K video. There's a choice of 32GB or 128GB of storage, but the XL's larger
battery makes it more suited to heavy use. (EURO)759 to (EURO)1,009, www.pixel.
google.com

MODEL TECH

Intel wearables Kim Kardashian was not the only one making headlines at Paris
fashion week. Tech giant Intel unleashed a raft of wearables on the
spring-summer runway in a bid to wow assembled fashionistas. Teaming up with
British designer Hussein Chalayan, it unveiled a pair of smart glasses and a
3D-printed belt with a built-in projector. Both devices are designed to measure
the stress levels of the wearer. For example, the glasses have electrodes that
sit on the wearer's temples and read brainwaves, and there's a heart-rate
monitor in the bridge of the nose. The Bluetooth-enabled belts monitored models'
breathing rates on the catwalk and projected animations that varied according to
how stressed or relaxed they were while strutting their stuff. Both devices are
powered by Intel Curie, a button-sized processor that will power future wearable
products. www.intel.com

ON ME HEAD, SON

Piggyback Driver helmet It's a well-known fact that children just love driving
their parents round the bend, but the Piggyback Driver helmet is strictly for
mums and dads with a sense of humour. The brightly coloured helmet comes with a
set of handlebars and flashing lights that respond to the child's steering
motions. Speed up and the lights blink faster - and, just in case you weren't
already feeling self-conscious in the park, there's also a temptingly large red
button that operates a horn and a turbo switch to add some "vroom" to your
parenting. Creator Party New York is looking for partners to help make its
prototype a reality.

piggybackdriver.nyc

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on May 20 titled as "Anti-aliasing
of straight lines within a map image"

LENGTH: 313  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,730,258, on
May 20, 2014, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "Anti-aliasing of straight
lines within a map image"

Inventors: Cornell; Brian (Kenmore, WA)
Assignee: Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
graphics or image rendering system, such as a map image rendering system,
receives image data from an image database in the form of vector data that
defines various image objects, such as roads, boundaries, etc., which are to be
rendered as straight lines within an image. The imaging rendering system renders
the image objects by applying an anti-aliasing technique that determines varying
pixel color values at or near the edges of each straight line to be rendered on
the image, so as to obtain a pleasing visual effect when rendering a road or
other boundary in any orientation on the image screen. The anti-aliasing
technique determines a scaling vector having values dependent on the location of
a particular pixel in the image along the normal to the straight line forming a
road and determines a pixel color value at each pixel location associated with
the road based on this scaling vector, such that the pixel color value at each
pixel in or near the line is proportional to a component of the scaling vector.
This technique produces a more gradual transition in pixel color values from a
non-road location to a road location in the image, and thus provides a
non-aliased rendering of the road regardless of the orientation or direction in
which the road is being rendered in the image."

The patent was filed on. June 30, 2011 Application no. 13/174,320

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 16, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Google Nexus 6 fairs better when compared to LG made G3

LENGTH: 272  words


Google this time ditched LG to partner with Motorola for its new Nexus
Smartphone. The company announced the Motorola-made Nexus 6 Smartphone earlier
today. The new Nexus smartphone comes with an impressive set of features which
include Android's new 5.0 Lollipop operating system and other powerful features
like a 6-inch QHD display, a Snapdragon 805 chipset with 3GB of RAM and a
13-megapixel camera.

With these specifications, the newest Nexus smartphone will be competing against
Google's eralier Nexus-smartphon epartner LG's high-end G3 smartphone, which
also brings high end specs on board and was the first to flaunt a QHD display.

Here we compare the two beasts on the basis of specifications that they bring on
tablet in their respective prices.


                    Google Nexus 6             LG G3
Display size        5.96 inch                  5.5-inch
Display type        QHD AMOLED                 QHD IPS
Display protection  Corning Gorilla Glass 3    Corning Gorilla Glass
Display resolution  25601440 pixels (493 ppi   1440 x 2560 pixels, (534 ppi
                    pixel density)             pixel density)
Dimensions          159.2 x 82.3 x 10mm        146.3 x 74.6 x 8.9 mm
Thickness           10 mm                      8.9 mm
Weight              184 grams                  149 grams
OS                  Android 5.0 Lollipop       Android 4.4 KitKat
Processor           2.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 2.5GHzQualcomm Snapdragon
                    805 quad-core              quad-Core Processor
Graphics processor  Adreno 420                 Adreno 330
RAM/ Internal       3 GB/ 32 GB, 64 GB         32GB with 3GB RAM16GB with
memory                                         2GB RAM
Expandable memory   None                       Up to 128GB
Primary camera      13 megapixel               13 megapixel
Secondary camera    2 megapixel                2.1 megapixel
LED flash           Ring flash                 Dual-LED flash
Connectivity        4G, 3G, NFC, Bluetooth,    4G, 3G, NFC, Bluetooth,
                    Wi-Fi, GPS/AGPS            Wi-Fi, GPS/AGPS
Battery             3220 mAh                   3000 mAh
Price               $649 (INR 40,000           INR 47,990
                    approximately)

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

Google unveils new phones, streaming devices, tablet

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 664 words


By Sameer Desai

CEO Sundar Pichai took to the stage to give Google's hardware division its time
in the spotlight, revealing the Nexus 5X and 6P smartphones, two Chromecast
streaming devices, and the Pixel C convertible tablet.

Google fired back at Apple with a pair of new smartphones, a "convertible"
tablet, a new version of Android, and other gadgetry ahead of the year-end
holiday shopping season.

The tech giant unveiled two new Nexus smartphones with enhanced features,
including fingerprint sensors and improved cameras aimed at the high end of the
market dominated by Apple and Samsung.

Nexus 5X and 6P

Google said it was partnering with LG for its 5.2-inch screen Nexus 5X, and
Huawei for its "phablet" sized 5.7-inch Nexus 6P.

Both handsets will be sold unlocked, with Google hoping to capitalise on a trend
in the US and other markets away from smartphone subsidies as part of long-term
contracts.

"We care about making sure there are affordable, high quality smartphones for
users around the world," said Sundar Pichai, the Google product chief who is
slated to head the company's largest unit under a reorganisation announced
earlier this year.

The phones, which aim to showcase the Google Android operating system, were
available for ordering in the United States, Britain, Japan and Ireland, with
more countries to be added next week, Google said as it unveiled the phones at a
San Francisco media event.

No launch dates have been announced for India, but Google has revealed prices on
the Google Play Store and interested buyers can now join a waitlist for both
devices. The Nexus 5X will start at Rs 31,900, while the Nexus 6P will start at
Rs 39,999, both presumably for their respective 16 GB variants.

Android Marshmallow

The devices will feature the new Android 6.0 operating system, known as
Marshmallow, which allows for fingerprint sensors and other features including
Android Pay.

With the Nexus-branded devices, Google is able to control much of the hardware
and software in a manner similar to Apple, which has its own operating system.

"We try to push the next generation of computing forward; to do that we build
hardware," Pichai said of Google making its own branded devices.

The new software allows for a voicecommanded Now On Tap virtual assistant to be
summoned by holding down the home screen button.

Google makes Android mobile software available free to device makers, but makes
its Nexus line to showcase capabilities of the operating system.

While Android is used on some 80 per cent of smartphones worldwide, many devices
use older versions of the software with carriers often slow to release upgrades.

Pixel C

The Pixel C is the first tablet built ground-up by Google and is seen as an
alternative to the iPad Pro unveiled this month and Microsoft's Surface.

The "C" in the name stands for "convertible" because it features an optional
keyboard that doubles as a cover and connects magnetically for laptop-computer
style use.

"We think the Pixel C tablet and keyboard experience really unlocks ways to play
and be productive across one device," Google's Andrew Bowers said while showing
off the new hardware.

Pixel C tablet will be available in time for the year-end holidays in some parts
of the world at a starting price of $499 (approx. Rs 33,000), with the keyboard
priced at $149 (approx. Rs 10,000), according to Google.

New Chromecast

Google unveiled an upgraded version of its popular Chromecast device that plugs
into television screens to stream content wirelessly from the internet, with
smartphones or tablets serving as controls.

The company also introduced Chromecast Audio, a pendant sized device designed to
plug into stereo speakers with standard 3.5 mm jacks for streaming music,
podcasts, YouTube or other audio through home sound systems.

Both new Chromecast devices keep the $35 price of the earlier version. In India,
the Chromecast is priced Rs 2,999, so the new devices could follow suit. (With
Agency Inputs)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           October 05, 2016 Wednesday

Google phones target Apple but could leave Samsung vulnerable

BYLINE: Business World

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 493 words


Google's product launch on Tuesday was as much a jab at Apple Inc's iPhone as a
sales pitch for its new Pixel phones, with executives from the Mountain View
internet search company taking shots at their competitor at every turn.

But any gains Google makes with the $649 Pixel, billed as completely designed
in-house, may come not at the expense of Apple, but phone manufacturers running
its Android software, a list topped by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.

"A premium Android strategy is really a strategy to take market share from
Samsung," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The South Korean company
already is reeling from a highly publicized recall of its Galaxy Note 7 phones
due to battery fires.

"Obviously Google doesn't want to explicitly compete with its own partners, but
this product is much more likely to compete with Samsung than Apple," Dawson
said.

Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc, clearly has its sights set on the iPhone and the
luxury consumer base that it commands.

"There's no unsightly camera bump," hardware chief Rick Osterloh said to
laughter from the audience at the phone's debut, alluding to the iPhone's raised
camera, a feature lamented by some design aficionados.

Newly released ads for the Pixel phones land some blows on the iPhone. A rundown
of the phones' new features concludes with "3.5mm headphone jack satisfyingly
not new," a reference to Apple's decision to eliminate the port in the iPhone 7,
which riled many customers.

Nevertheless, the Pixel line bears a strong resemblance to the iPhone, coming in
two sizes and a variety of sleek finishes. The Google Assistant, powered by
artificial intelligence software, is a response to Apple's Siri. And as Google
prioritizes making its own hardware under Osterloh, its emerging design
philosophy echoes Apple's.

Hardware executive Mario Queiroz touted the company's attention to packaging, a
feature that the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs famously obsessed over.

"You want the consumer first of all to have this great experience out of the box
in terms of the design of the packaging," Queiroz, a vice president of product
management at Google, said in an interview.

He brushed aside concerns that Google's hardware push will pit it against its
Android partners. The technology embedded in the Pixel phone is meant to propel
Android devices forward, he said.

"It's not a zero sum game," Queiroz said. "We believe that Google can and will
be doing both things. Both delivering platforms and building our own products."

Google could find itself squaring off against two extremely deep-pocketed
rivals. Apple and Samsung are the largest smartphone handset makers and both
have major marketing programs.

Samsung spent at least $50 million just on advertising during the Olympics in
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, according to estimates from Kantar Media.

Spokespeople for Apple and Samsung did not respond to requests for comment on
Google's launch. (Reuters)

Source: www.businessworld.ie

About us

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUSWLD


                        Copyright 2016 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 16, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Google Nexus 6 is a major improvement over Nexus 5, here's why

LENGTH: 586  words


Google powered Nexus 6 is the company's latest Smartphone in the software
giant's Nexus line, for which Google ditched LG to partner with Motorola as its
new hardware partner. In terms of specifications, the new Nexus Smartphone is
pretty different from the Nexus 5.

The Motorola-build smartphone comes with a number of new features including a
bigger and higher resolution display, as well as a better processor, a bumped up
camera, the newest Android version and more.

Here is how the new Nexus 6 is different from the previous generation Nexus
smartphone, in terms of features and specifications.

Display:

This phone sports a 5.96-inch quad HD display which accommodates 1440x2560
pixels at a pixel density of 493 pixels per inch, while the Nexus 5 comes with a
4.95-inch IPS 1920x1080 pixels resolution with 445 pixels per inch. Both the
displays get Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection.

Processor and memory:

The phone is powered by 2.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 quad-core processor which
incorporates Adreno 420 GPU, with 3GB of RAM and in 32GB and 64GB storage
options. The Nexus 5 runs on 2.3 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 quad-core chipset
with 450 MHz Adreno 330 GPU and comparatively smaller 2GB of RAM and 16GB and
32GB storage variants.

Camera:

The newest Nexus smartphone adorns a 13-megapixel rear camera with optical image
stablisation, with f/2.0 lens and is capable of shooting videos at 4K
resolution. It also gets a 2-megapixel front facing camera with 720p video
recording capabilities. The Nexus 5 on the other hand gets an 8-megapixel
primary camera with full HD video recording capabilities, and a 1.3-megapixel
secondary camera.

Software:

The Nexus 6 is powered by the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop that debuted along
with the new Nexus devices. It is the first Nexus smartphone to run the newest
Android version. The Nexus 5, on the other hand, currently runs on the latest
version of KitKat and will get the Lollipop update as and when Google will start
rolling out the update for previous generation Nexus devices.

Battery:

Nexus 6 packs a 3,220mAh battery while the Nexus 5 houses a 2,300mAh battery.
The new Nexus device also includes what Motorola calls as its Turbo Charger,
which can offer a quick burst of power by giving six hours of battery life in
just a 15-minutes-battery charge.

Dimension and weight:

Owing to its bigger display, the Nexus 6 measures 159.2 x 82.3 x 10mm in
dimension while the Nexus 5 is thinner at 8.6mm and measures in 137.9 x 69.2 x
8.6mm. The bigger size of the Nexus 6 adds to the weight, and it weighs (184
grams) quite heavier that the Nexus 5 which is pretty light on hand at 130
grams.


                  Google Nexus 6       Google Nexus 5
Display size      5.96 inch            4.95 inch
Display type      QHD AMOLED           IPS
Display           Corning Gorilla      Corning Gorilla Glass 3
protection        Glass 3
Display           25601440 pixels (493 1920x1080 pixels (445 ppi)
resolution        ppi)
Dimensions        159.2 x 82.3 x 10mm  69.17 x 137.84 x 8.59 mm
Thickness         10 mm                8.59 mm
Weight            184 grams            130 grams
OS                Android 5.0 Lollipop Android 4.4 KitKat
Processor         2.7GHz Qualcomm      2.3 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon
                  Snapdragon 805       800quad-core
                  quad-core
Graphics          Adreno 420           Adreno 330
processor
RAM               3 GB                 2 GB
Internal memory   32 GB, 64 GB         16 GB, 32 GB
Expandable memory None                 None
Primary camera    13 megapixel         8 megapixel
Secondary camera  2 megapixel          1.3 megapixel
LED flash         Ring flash           Single flash
Network           4G, 3G               4G, 3G
Battery           3220 mAh             2300 mAhTalk time up to 17
                                       hoursInternet time up to 8.5 hours on
                                       Wi-Fi
Wireless charging Built-in             Built-in
Colour options    Midnight BlueCloud   WhiteBlackRed
                  White
Price             $649                 16 GB- 2899932 GB- 32999

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Google hunts Apple with high-end new phones and range of gadgets

BYLINE: Adrian Weckler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 232 words


GOOGLE has unveiled two new smartphones to compete directly with the iPhone 7.
The 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel will be priced at over (EURO)700 and come
with specifications to match top handsets from Samsung, Apple, Sony and Huawei.

Both phones have 12-megapixel cameras with optical stabilisation and an f2.0
lens. Google claims that the camera has the best industry technical score
(DxoMark Mobile) of any smartphone.

They also have 32GB of storage memory and a bigger battery than the iPhone 7.
Both phones have a free tech support function directly from the device. Both the
Pixel and Pixel XL have a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone.

At over (EURO)700 each, Google is pursuing a premium pricing strategy for the
new phones in contrast to the aggressive pricing it adopted for its Nexus line
of phones. The phones are to be launched in the US soon, while availability in
Ireland is expected to be announced later. Google also launched a new smarthome
voice control unit called Home. The device is being marketed as a rival to
Amazon's voice-controlled Echo home gadget, which has proven to be a hit in the
US.

The company also announced a new ultra high definition streaming device to link
smartphones and tablets to 4K televisions as well as a virtual reality headset
called Daydream View.

Shares in Google, Samsung and Apple remained unchanged after the product
announcements.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google phones target Apple but could leave Samsung vulnerable

LENGTH: 494  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Oct. 5 -- Google's product launch on Tuesday was as much a jab at Apple
Inc's iPhone as a sales pitch for its new Pixel phones, with executives from the
Mountain View internet search company taking shots at their competitor at every
turn.


 But any gains Google makes with the $649 Pixel, billed as completely designed
in-house, may come not at the expense of Apple, but phone manufacturers running
its Android software, a list topped by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.
 "A premium Android strategy is really a strategy to take market share from
Samsung," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The South Korean company
already is reeling from a highly publicised recall of its Galaxy Note 7 phones
due to battery fires.
 "Obviously Google doesn't want to explicitly compete with its own partners, but
this product is much more likely to compete with Samsung than Apple," Dawson
said.
 Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc, clearly has its sights set on the iPhone and
the luxury consumer base that it commands. "There's no unsightly camera bump,"
hardware chief Rick Osterloh said to laughter from the audience at the phone's
debut, alluding to the iPhone's raised camera, a feature lamented by some design
aficionados.
 Newly released ads for the Pixel phones land some blows on the iPhone. A
rundown of the phones' new features concludes with "3.5mm headphone jack
satisfyingly not new," a reference to Apple's decision to eliminate the port in
the iPhone 7, which riled many customers.
 Imitation is flattery
 Nevertheless, the Pixel line bears a strong resemblance to the iPhone, coming
in two sizes and a variety of sleek finishes. The Google Assistant, powered by
artificial intelligence software, is a response to Apple's Siri. And as Google
prioritizes making its own hardware under Osterloh, its emerging design
philosophy echoes Apple's.
 Hardware executive Mario Queiroz touted the company's attention to packaging, a
feature that the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs famously obsessed over. "You want the
consumer first of all to have this great experience out of the box in terms of
the design of the packaging," Queiroz, a vice president of product management at
Google, said in an interview.
 He brushed aside concerns that Google's hardware push will pit it against its
Android partners. The technology embedded in the Pixel phone is meant to propel
Android devices forward, he said. "It's not a zero sum game," Queiroz said. "We
believe that Google can and will be doing both things. Both delivering platforms
and building our own products."
 Google could find itself squaring off against two extremely deep-pocketed
rivals. Apple and Samsung are the largest smartphone handset makers and both
have major marketing programs.
 Samsung spent at least $50 million just on advertising during the Olympics in
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, according to estimates from Kantar Media.
 Spokespeople for Apple and Samsung did not respond to requests for comment on
Google's launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on March 17, titled as "Image masks
for face-related selection and processing in images"

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,983,152, on
March 17 2015, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Image masks for
face-related selection and processing in images"

Inventors:  Lewis; Justin (Marina Del Rey, CA), James; Gavin (Los Angeles, CA),
Lang; Grayson (Santa Clara, CA), Krishnaswamy; Aravind (San Jose, CA), Babacan;
Sevket Derin (San Franciso, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
some implementations, a method includes identifying one or more face regions of
an image, the face regions including pixels that depict at least a portion of
one or more faces of persons. The face regions are identified based on
identifying facial landmarks of the faces. The method determines an associated
face mask for each of the faces based on the face regions, where each face mask
indicates which pixels in the image depict the corresponding face. Face pixels
can be selected for processing by applying the face masks, and image pixels
outside the faces can be selected by inversely applying the face masks. The
selected pixels can be provided to a processing operation for adjustment of the
selected pixels."

The patent was filed on May 14, 2013 Application no. 13/894,384

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Google Pixel devices facing car Bluetooth issues

LENGTH: 176  words


Looks like Google's latest might be having connectivity issues

Google Pixel owners are reportedly experiencing connectivity issues with the
Bluetooth system in a number of vehicles.

According to recent reports, the new flagships are facing trouble pairing with
and staying connected to in-car Bluetooth. However, it is still not confirmed if
this is a Pixel issue, or an Android OS issue. On the Pixel support community
page however, multiple users have mentioned that they can connect to the car
Bluetooth, but it will randomly disconnect later. Meanwhile, other users claim
that Bluetooth is fully functional in some circumstances, like music playback,
but that calls cause a disconnect.

There are also reports of a similar issue popping up with Nexus devices that are
running the Android 7.1 preview, leading to the possibility that the problem may
be due to the latest Android software, as opposed to devices. Google is on the
case and is currently reaching out to those who have the same issue.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/70/147791300484.png



LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Google Pixel to Hit Shop Shelves, Websites Today

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 192 words


Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through a number
of multibrand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the plunge
into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from '57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday.

It will go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this
month, besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean

major is pushing after the Galaxy Note 7 debacle.

The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be available on Flipkart and across
organised and multi-brand retail stores including Bajaj Electronics, Croma,
Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital, Sang eetha and Vi jay Sales, the
company said in a statement on Monday.

Google entered the mobile space with its Nexus series of smartphones where it
partnered with other manufacturers such as Samsung, Asus, HTC, LG and Huawei for
design and input. But the company did not market the devices and did not attach
its own branding.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Google Pixel to Hit Shop Shelves, Websites Today

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 192 words


Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through a number
of multibrand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the plunge
into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from '57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday.

It will go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this
month, besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean

major is pushing after the Galaxy Note 7 debacle.

The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be available on Flipkart and across
organised and multi-brand retail stores including Bajaj Electronics, Croma,
Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital, Sang eetha and Vi jay Sales, the
company said in a statement on Monday.

Google entered the mobile space with its Nexus series of smartphones where it
partnered with other manufacturers such as Samsung, Asus, HTC, LG and Huawei for
design and input. But the company did not market the devices and did not attach
its own branding.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Google Pixel to Hit Shop Shelves, Websites Today

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 192 words


Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through a number
of multibrand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the plunge
into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from '57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday.

It will go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this
month, besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean

major is pushing after the Galaxy Note 7 debacle.

The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be available on Flipkart and across
organised and multi-brand retail stores including Bajaj Electronics, Croma,
Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital, Sang eetha and Vi jay Sales, the
company said in a statement on Monday.

Google entered the mobile space with its Nexus series of smartphones where it
partnered with other manufacturers such as Samsung, Asus, HTC, LG and Huawei for
design and input. But the company did not market the devices and did not attach
its own branding.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Google Pixel to Hit Shop Shelves, Websites Today

SECTION: BRANDS: CREATING DESIRE

LENGTH: 192 words


Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through a number
of multibrand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the plunge
into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from '57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday.

It will go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this
month, besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean

major is pushing after the Galaxy Note 7 debacle.

The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be available on Flipkart and across
organised and multi-brand retail stores including Bajaj Electronics, Croma,
Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital, Sang eetha and Vi jay Sales, the
company said in a statement on Monday.

Google entered the mobile space with its Nexus series of smartphones where it
partnered with other manufacturers such as Samsung, Asus, HTC, LG and Huawei for
design and input. But the company did not market the devices and did not attach
its own branding.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Google introduces Pixel C tablet, new Nexus phones

BYLINE: By Matt O'Brien mobrien@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 521 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Google introduced a tablet-laptop hybrid Tuesday, along with
two new Nexus phones and updates to Chromecast that together marked the
company's first big product launch since reorganizing under parent company
Alphabet.

Emphasizing a push by the company to build its own in-house hardware, Google CEO
Sundar Pichai announced the new tablet, called Pixel C, that is powered with
Google's Android operating system and is likely to compete with Microsoft's
Surface and Apple's iPad Pro, all of which transform into laptop-like devices
with the addition of a keyboard.

"There's no kickstand," said Andrew Bowers, a Google product director, as he
demonstrated how the lightweight keyboard magnetically attaches. "I can hold it
by the tablet, I can hold it by the keyboard, I can hold it upside-down."

He said the 10.2-inch-screen device goes on sale in time for the holidays --
$499 for the tablet and an additional $149 for the keyboard.

The company also introduced two new phones in its Nexus line, which is now 5
years old but has been used as more of a showcase of Google's edgiest technology
than a big market mover.

But that could change, said the Google executives who revealed the 5.2-inch
Nexus 5X (starting at $379), the premium 5.7-inch Nexus 6P (starting at $499 and
made of "aeronautical-grade anodized aluminum") and a back-to-back series of new
and updated features in the hotly anticipated but relatively low-key launch
event inside a photography studio near San Francisco's Mission District.

Both phones take advantage of one of Google's strengths -- the artificial
intelligence and machine-learning capabilities of its latest version of Android,
named Marshmallow, which launches next week. Both phones are also able to use
Project Fi, Google's new wireless service (starting at $30 a month), and
fingerprint sensing to unlock the phone and use the Android Pay system for
buying items at store payment terminals.

Contact Matt O'Brien at 408-920-5011. Follow him at Twitter.com/Mattoyeah .

Google's new products

Android Marshmallow: The latest version of Google's mobile operating system will
be available on new model Nexus phones and eventually other Android-powered
phones. It includes an advanced version of the Google Now personal assistant.
Nexus 5X: Made by South Korea's LG Electronics, the 5.2-inch smartphone starts
at $379. It has a 12 megapixel camera, fingerprint sensor for locking and mobile
payments, a USB Type-C charging port.
Nexus 6P: Made by China's Huawei Technologies, the sleek, premium 5.7-inch
smartphone starts at $499. It has a 12.3 megapixel camera, fingerprint sensor
for locking and mobile payments, a USB Type-C charging port.
Pixel C: Google's first Android tablet ($499) also transforms into a laptop with
$149 magnetic keyboard attached. The search giant's answer to Microsoft Surface
and Apple's new iPad Pro.
Chromecast Audio: Along with updating its digital media playing Chromecast
plug-in stick, Google's media universe expands with the new Chromecast Audio
circular device -- meant to resemble a vinyl record -- that allows streaming
music to play from a home audio system.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Google product manager Andrew Bowers announces the new Android-based
Pixel C tablet during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San
Francisco, California.
Google VP of engineering Dave Burke announces a new Nexus 6P phone during a
Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California.
Andrew Bowers of Google shows off a new Pixel C tablet that can be connected to
a keyboard for laptop-style use, in San Francisco, California on September 29,
2015.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Nexus 9 and Pixel C to get Remix OS Marshmallow

LENGTH: 159  words


Google's Pixel C and Nexus 9 getting new OS update

Google's Pixel C has had quite a tough run recently, landing awkwardly between
being a tablet or a Chromebook. People considered getting it in hopes that it
will get the Chrome OS, but instead it will be getting the Remix OS which is the
closest you can get to Chrome OS.

The Pixel C will getting Remix OS, which is a more desktop styled skin of
Android Marshmallow, which is also an option for the HTC Nexus 9. This new OS is
currently available on torrents through Remix OS's Facebook announcement post,
which is the only way you can get it. If you need help on how to get Remix OS up
and running on your Nexus 9 and Pixel C, Jide has also put together a tutorial
to help you flash the Remix OS onto the device, which you can find here.

What do you think of this new update? Will you get it for your Pixel C or Nexus
9 tablet? If you do, let us know how it is in the comments below!

Source

More in Tablets

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Answering to the latest advances

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH, FAB FOUR

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 364  words


From phones to door bells, the newest batch of gadgets continues the
transformation of our lives

Samsung's HW-K950 soundbar system Samsung's HW-K950 soundbar makes me wonder why
I bother with conventional surround sound. Its Dolby Atmos directs sound
everywhere including overhead. I heard thunder above, rain all around and
helicopters moving overhead. It pairs with Samsung's SUHDTV and Blu-ray player
and there's a paired subwoofer and two rear speaker. The system contains 15
speakers overall.

$1999, retailers

Google Pixel smartphone Google has taken to designing smartphones from scratch.
Pixel has a 5-inch display and Pixel XL 5.5 inches. They have a lightweight,
polished aluminium case and the new Google Assistant is a button away on the
home screen. Pixels have 12.3 and 8.0 megapixel back and front facing cameras.
Hold down the camera button and the phone invokes "smartburst". It takes several
photos and selects the sharpest and clearest to keep. HDR+ takes multiple short
exposures and combines them for optimal lighting. From $1079 to $1419 or
contract

Evapolar It's not often we get personal tech posted from St Petersburg, Russia,
but Evapolar is an exception. It's a cube desktop evaporator unit about 16cm
wide that blows cold air and looks straight out of Star Trek. Evapolar says it
uses a basalt material to cools things down and is low in energy use - it uses a
microUSB connector. There's a water tank and you can dial the colour of a very
cute light. Given St Petersburg's summer average is only 18C, I'd be looking
further afield for markets too. The Russian start-up snared $US1.07m ($1.4m) in
funding from Indiegogo.

$235 from evapolar.com

Ring Video Doorbell The humble doorbell has been transformed in the digital age.
It's now an internet connected security device with a 720p resolution camera.
When it detects motion, it starts recording. When you're not home, you can talk
to visitors at your front door through a smartphone app. You can install
multiple bells through your home so you can hear when someone presses the
button. Ring's Video Doorbell comes with tools, screws, plugs and even a spirit
level for easy installation.$299, ring.com and retailers

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Google Inc titled as "IMAGE MASKS FOR
FACE-RELATED SELECTION AND PROCESSING IN IMAGES"

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140341442, published on November 20, 2014, by Google Inc, titled as "IMAGE
MASKS FOR FACE-RELATED SELECTION AND PROCESSING IN IMAGES" for the registration
of patent.

Inventors:   Lewis; Justin; (Marina Del Rey, CA) ; James; Gavin; (Los Angeles,
CA) ; Lang; Grayson; (Santa Clara, CA) ; Krishnaswamy; Aravind; (San Jose, CA) ;
Babacan; Sevket Derin; (San Francisco, CA)
Assignee: Google Inc.
Mountain View
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
some implementations, a method includes identifying one or more face regions of
an image, the face regions including pixels that depict at least a portion of
one or more faces of persons. The face regions are identified based on
identifying facial landmarks of the faces. The method determines an associated
face mask for each of the faces based on the face regions, where each face mask
indicates which pixels in the image depict the corresponding face. Face pixels
can be selected for processing by applying the face masks, and image pixels
outside the faces can be selected by inversely applying the face masks. The
selected pixels can be provided to a processing operation for adjustment of the
selected pixels."

The Patent was filed on May 14, 2013 under application No. 20140341442

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Google Nexus phones to arrive in India before latest iPhones

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 3 -- Internet giant Google's newly-launched Nexus smartphones
will start selling in India between October 10-14, two days before the latest
iPhones go on sale in the country.

According to sources, the new Nexus smartphones -- Huawei Nexus 6P and LG Nexus
5X -- priced in the US at $499 (Rs32,450) and $379 (Rs24,650) will be launched
on October 13.

The move by Google could be seen as an effect of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's
two-day visit to the West Coast in the US during which he met the
newly-appointed Indian-born Google chief executive Sundar Pichai.

Before and after meeting the prime minister, Pichai had voiced Google's support
for initiatives like Digital India and Skill India.

Google, which launched the phones on September 29 in San Francisco, said that
the new devices would come with Type-C USB, fingerprint sensor, large 1.55
micron pixels camera sensor and will run the latest Android operating system
Marshmallow.

The Nexus 6P, which has a 5.7 inch screen running at 1,440 pixels resolution
along with 518 pixels per inch support, comes with a 12.3 megapixel rear camera
with a f/2.0 aperture and laser auto-focus.

The LG Nexus 5X, on the other hand, comes with a 64-bit Snapdragon 808 processor
with a 2 GB RAM unit. The 5X has a 1,080 pixels display protected by Gorilla
Glass 3 and a new 12 megapixel rear camera with 4K resolution video support. It
will draw power from a 2,700 mAH battery.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2015 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Google Pixel to hit shop shelves, websites today

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 200 words


NEW DELHI: Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will be sold online and through
a number of multibrand retail stores from Tuesday, as the search giant takes the
plunge into the most competitive phone market in the world.

Attacking the premium end of the market, the Pixel smartphone range will begin
from Rs 57,000, but to attract consumers, the company will offer cash-backs and
equal monthly installment (EMI) plans from multiple banks from Tuesday.

It will go head-to-head with Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale earlier this
month, besides Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, which the South Korean major is pushing
after the Galaxy Note 7 debacle.

The first 'Made By Google' smartphone will be available on Flipkart and across
organised and multi-brand retail stores including Bajaj Electronics, Croma,
Ezone, Jumbo, Poorvika, Reliance Digital, Sangeetha and Vijay Sales, the company
said in a statement on Monday.

Google entered the mobile space with its Nexus series of smartphones where it
partnered with other manufacturers such as Samsung, Asus, HTC, LG and Huawei for
design and input. But the company did not market the devices and did not attach
its own branding.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       May 28, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Google changes its logo: try if you can spot the difference

LENGTH: 149  words


Google has changed its logo this week. We are challenging you to spot the
difference between the older logo and the new changed logo, if you can.

The change has been spotted by Reddit this week and one has to congratulate them
for this acclaimed feat.

The post says that Google has moved the second 'g' in GOOGLE to left by one
pixel and the 'l' down and left by one pixel in the new logo.

When you click on the "inspect the element" option in the Google logo, the image
shows /images/srpr/logo11w.png. This was earlier /images/srpr/logo10w.png
reports TheDrum.

One can also see that the colours have been made a bit darker.

Google spokesperson told Gizmodo in a statement "Great to see people notice and
appreciate even single-pixel changes - we tweaked the logo a little while ago to
make sure it looks its sharpest regardless of your screen resolution."

A very minor change indeed! What do you think?

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

[News Focus] Rivals eye gap left by outgoing Samsung Galaxy Note 7

LENGTH: 563 words


In the aftermath of Samsung Electronics' decision to discontinue sales and
production of the problem-ridden Galaxy Note 7 globally, attention is now
shifting to which alternative smartphones consumers around the world will turn
to instead.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Samsung on Tuesday announced that it is "officially ending the
sales as well as production of the smartphone to ensure consumer safety,"
following multiple incidents in which the exchanged Note 7 devices fitted with
new batteries caught fire due to overheating.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The South Korean electronics giant also initiated a global
refund and exchange program, including in the US and Korea, in partnership with
local carriers and retail partners. Customers can receive a full refund or
exchange their Note 7 devices with any other smartphone.

Galaxy Note 7 boxes are shown in a pile at a smartphone retailer in Seoul on
Wednesday after Samsung Electronics` decision to discontinue sales of the device
globally, Tuesday. (Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]As Samsung pulls the Note 7 from the world's biggest markets
for premium smartphones, rival electronics giants Apple, LG Electronics and
Google are expected to score new purchases from some 2.6 million Galaxy Note 7
owners looking for alternative high-end smartphones.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Apple's newly released iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, LG
Electronics' V20 and Google's new premium Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones are
slated to compete for market share in the absence of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Customers who are familiar with Android-based smartphones are
likely to prefer smartphones from Google and LG, while others disappointed with
the Samsung brand could choose to switch to Apple's iOS-based iPhone models.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]At the same time, some users who remain loyal to Samsung may
turn to former Samsung smartphones -- including the Galaxy Note 5 launched last
year or the smaller-sized Galaxy S7 released earlier this year -- or simply wait
for the release of the Galaxy S8 next year.

The iPhone 7 (Reuters-Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Last month, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began sales in more
than 30 countries around the world including the US and China. The two new
iPhone models are slated for release on Oct. 21 in Korea.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display while the iPhone 7
Plus comes with a larger 5.5-inch full HD display. Both devices run on the iOS
10 operating system.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Setting itself apart from previous models, the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus do not have earphone sockets, and are instead accompanied by
wireless earphones -- which has driven some customers away from the new iPhones.

The LG V20 (Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Meanwhile, LG Electronics has the 5.7-inch LG V20, co-designed
by LG and Denmark-based luxury stereo brand Bang & Olufsen, boasting high-end
audio and camera features. It runs on the Google Android 7.0 Nougat operating
system and comes with a removable battery. The LG V20 is slated to launch in the
US by Oct. 28. The device is already available in Korea.

Google`s Pixel (AP-Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Google's 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL are also strong
options favored by Android enthusiasts. The Pixel comes with a 12.3-megapixel
rear camera and a 8-megapixel front-facng selfie camera. It is also the first
phone to officially feature the artificial intelligence software Google
Assistance.

The device is slated for release in the US later this month. Google has yet to
announce a launch date for Korea.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]By Sohn Ji-young (

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Samsung's awful phone launch may aid Google

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 716 words


As the world watches Samsung deal with the fallout from what could be the worst
smartphone launch in recent memory, there should be a smile on faces at Google
headquarters.

Samsung is a crucial Google partner for its Android mobile operating system.
Android and Samsung have become almost synonymous for many consumers these days
- something that Google may not particularly want for its open mobile operating
system. So perhaps to shift that perception, Google is trying to stake its own
claim to being the premier Android brand with its recent introduction of its
Pixel and Pixel XL.

Google is moving in on the high-end smartphone world at a good time. Samsung,
the world's top-selling smartphone maker, is dealing with a potentially
brand-crushing crisis. First, its new, top-of-the-line Galaxy Note 7 phones
caught on fire; now, the replacement ones are reportedly exploding, too. The
Yonhap News Agency in South Korea reported eight cases of fires in replacement
phones: five in the United States, one in South Korea and another in Taiwan.

The fallout has been clear: Slightly more than a third of Samsung smartphone
owners said they would not buy another phone from the company after the Galaxy
Note 7 recall, according to a survey from brand consultant firm Branding Brand,
which conducted the poll before the replacements started catching on fire.

Meanwhile, Google's other rival in the mobile world - Apple - has been dogged by
complaints that it is lagging in innovation. Many analysts who expressed that
concern were not soothed by the latest iPhone, which took some small steps
forward but also controversially ditched the headphone jack.

Google went out of its way to mock the iPhone when it introduced the $769 Pixel,
noting that its new smartphone is cutting edge but retains its headphone jack.
Google even bragged about its new shade of blue for its smartphone, which could
be read as a parody of Apple's genuine excitement over its new shade of black.

But Samsung's slide, and the damage that is its horrendous Galaxy Note 7 launch,
is perhaps an even greater gift to Google. Many people have turned to Samsung
phones as the anti-iPhone preference of choice. With customers admitting they're
getting wary about other models of Samsung phones - despite the fact that none
have had problems anywhere near the scale as the Note 7 - Google's Pixel fits
neatly into whatever gap Samsung leaves behind. Compounding those woes is that
the Galaxy battery fires are happening right before the holidays, when
smartphone companies do their best business.

"I think Samsung in their rush to get out the next product obviously didn't
study it well enough, and now they are suffering the consequences of that lack
of care," said Jeff Kagan, an Atlanta-area telecommunications analyst, in an
email. "This is devastating to Samsung and will continue to be devastating to
Samsung."

While Samsung initially reported that the vast majority of Note 7 customers who
traded in their phones were choosing another Samsung phone, anecdotal reports
online indicate that is no longer the case. In fact, AT&T and T-Mobile said they
were going to stop exchanging the Note 7 phones even before Samsung confirmed
that it was halting all production of the phone.

Samsung said it couldn't fault them for that decision . "We recognize that
carrier partners have stopped sales and exchanges of the Galaxy Note 7 in
response to reports of heat damage issues, and we respect their decision,"
Samsung said in a statement.

There's no guarantee Google will be able to fill the gap completely. The Pixel
phones are only available through Verizon, unless shoppers want to pay the full
price for an unlocked version at Google's store. Verizon is the nation's largest
carrier, but the exclusive arrangement may limit sales.

But, even if Google's phone doesn't manage to be the iPhone alternative of the
holiday season, the company will still likely see other Android manufacturers
get a boost through the end of the year.

"While this is terrible news for Samsung, it may be great news for their
competitors," Kagan said. "LG, Moto, Huawei and many other Android smartphones
will quickly fill the gap left by this Samsung problem."

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

Fred Barbash in Washington and Anna Fifield in Tokyo contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Google Inc. titled as "BEZEL PIXEL LAYER
IN MULTI-PANEL DISPLAY"

LENGTH: 208  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150022424, published on January 22, 2015, by Google Inc., titled as "BEZEL
PIXEL LAYER IN MULTI-PANEL DISPLAY" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Jepsen; Mary Lou; (Sausalito, CA)
Assignee: Google Inc.
Mountain View
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
multi-panel display system includes an array of display panels arranged to be
viewed as a multi-panel display. The multi-panel display includes a bezel pixel
layer covering a bezel region of the multi-panel display. The bezel region is
between pixel regions of the display panels in the array. The multi-panel
display system also includes a display engine communicatively coupled to drive
the display panels to display image sections and communicatively coupled to
drive the bezel pixel layer to display a bezel shaped image section. The image
sections and the bezel shaped image sections are subsections of a unified
overall-image to be displayed on the multi-panel display."

The Patent was filed on July 16, 2013 under application No. 20150022424

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung's woes continue

LENGTH: 777  words


Where to start this week? Samsung's woes just keep on going. The latest versions
caused fires within a day in a couple of cases, including a fire on a plane when
the unit was off. The Korean giant has now recommended that all Note 7 users
turn their phones off and not use them. This will mean a whole new replacement
program of some kind. Not sure where this leaves Samsung though their S7 and S7
Edge units all seem to be fine and going well with customers. It will now be
interesting to see what happens to the Note range and what the next version will
look like. It has cost Samsung around US$2.3 billion, so far.

While all this has been going on Google has snuck out their Pixel and Pixel XL
smartphones, with some suggesting that this is the new face of the no longer
called Nexus line. First off the pundits were wrong, there is no microSD card
support which continues Google's nonsensical Apple-like approach. The phones are
due to be released the day after you read this depending on where you live in
the world.

The units will be splash and dust resistant with the XL screen at 5.5-inches
with a 1440 x 2560 pixel AMOLED gorilla glass 4 screen. The operating system
will be Android 7.1 (Nougat). With a quad core CPU and the Adreno 530 GPU, you
should be able to do most things seamlessly. UHD video at 30fps and 720p can run
to 240fps for nice slow motion. The camera's MP rating doesn't mean all that
much these days but it is 12 back and 8 front. Unlike Apple it retains the 3.5mm
headphone jack also supporting all the latest Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and NFC
technologies. The connector is the newer USB 3.0 Type C being the reversible,
faster charging one. The battery is non-removable but a nice 3450 mAh giving a
claimed talk time of 32 hours and music play of up to 130 hours. Colours are
Very Black, Quite Silver, Really Blue. Google's partner for the design and
production of the Pixel phones was HTC. The units come with 4GB of RAM and two
models each at 32GB and 128GB. With no additional memory, this means those
wanting to record high-def video will need to regularly off load them to make
space, probably to the Google Cloud.

The Pixel signifies a significant departure for Google and this is the first
phone with the new Google Assistant, being a personal AI for your home and will
also interact with the upcoming Google Home Hub. The units also support Google
DayDream the new Virtual Reality platform, through a VR headset. You can check
the prices at your local location on release but like most flagship phones,
these days they will not be cheap.

With all the new technologies, I'm sure that some people are confused by
designations like 3G, 4G, 5G, LTE, Edge and others. In the 2000's it was 3G or
third generation communications. To meet standards, this needed to provide
200Kbps peak downloads. That sounds slow now but back then it was fast. Then
came 4G which requires peak downloads of 100 Mbps, upped to 1Gbps in mobile
hotspots. Since then we have the HSPA (High Speed Packet Access) which under 3G
can provide up to 7.2G Bps in theory, sometimes called 3.5G or Turbo 3G. The 4G
version was called HSPA+ with the word "Evolved" added to the front. Long-Term
Evolution or LTE was also in the mix but both of these did not meet the 100Mbps
download rates so were off standard. LTE is better thought of as a collection of
technologies that will eventually reach 4G. The relevant authority has allowed
both of these to be marketed as "4G" even if they aren't quite there yet.
Finally, if you're wondering, average speeds are for the technology in the US or
LTE is 9.9Mbps and globally 13.5Mbps. It all comes down to coverage, your
provider and the network load.

So what's coming? There is LTE Advanced which promised true 4G speeds or what it
was supposed to be originally. 5G is still a theoretical designation with no set
standards but with something around 10Gbps promised which would be fantastic if
we see it by 2020. In the meantime, LTE will work for most people. In
conclusion, the designations are all about how fast your phone can get data from
the internet and for some how fast your provider can rack up those dollars for
data usage.

Western Digital has finally entered the Solid State Drive (SSD) market with
green and blue models. The WD Green brand is typically aimed at secondary
storage with the Blue products being built for PC primary storage use. The new
blue SSD range is faster than the green with the 1TB blue expected to debut for
around $320. As a note on SSD drives, there are typically commercial and
non-commercial versions with the commercial being more reliable with a better
lifetime for consistent speed.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

This might be the camera on Google's HTC Pixel phone

LENGTH: 151  words


We might see this snapper on the next HTC made Pixel phones

Once the iPhone hype is all over, everyone will be looking at the upcoming Pixel
branded flagship phones from Google, and we have some juicy details of the
camera lens to expect in the devices.

The two phones are made by HTC and is set to launch in October. According to a
recent leak, both the phones will be rocking a Sony IM378 sensor in the main
rear camera and an IMX179 sensor on the front, which will be a 12MP and 8MP
respectively.

These rumors tie in to previous rumors about the two Pixel (Nexus) devices, set
to come with Android 7.0 Nougat. Sure, camera quality is more important than the
number of megapixels, but this is a significant upgrade from last years Nexus 6P
and 5X.

Along with these two new phones, we are also expected to see the debut of
Google's Daydream VR headset and Google Home as well, plus (possibly) a 4K
Chromecast.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on January 07 titled as
"Texture-based polygon antialiasing"

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,624,911 on
January 07, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Texture-based polygon
antialiasing"

Inventors:  Miller; James B. (Sunnyvale, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
computer-implemented method includes identifying a bit-mapped image of a line or
polygon shape; mapping the image to a texture map that is slightly large in at
least one dimension than the bit-mapped image; overlaying the bit-mapped image
and the texture map; computing pixel shading for pixels between an outer edge of
the bit-mapped image and the texture map by measuring a distance from particular
ones of the pixels to an idealized line near an edge of the bit-mapped image;
and displaying the bit-mapped image with pixels at its edge shaded according to
the computed pixel shading."

The patent was filed on January 5, 2012 Application no. 13/344,605

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              QWeekend (Brisbane)

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday
                                QWeekend Edition

'DROIDS JOSTLE FOR POSITION

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 556 words


Samsung's withdrawal of its fire-prone Galaxy Note7 opens up the smartphone
market to Android competitors such as Google, Sony and Motorola

More than 50,000 Australians are suddenly in the market for a new smartphone,
and companies are falling over themselves to woo them.

Samsung halted sales, then production, of its previously popular Galaxy Note7
smartphone last week, issuing a final recall for the device with a nasty
reputation for catching fire. But its exit leaves buyers weighing up whether to
accept a seven-month-old Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge in exchange for their Note7, to
invest in a different Android phone, or to switch to Apple. Android phone makers
are doing all they can to -prevent the latter eventuality, with three
top-of-the-line Google-based phones out this week in Australia and one with
innovative accessories launching last week.

Kantar Worldpanel revealed -Android phones made up six in 10 of smartphones sold
in Australia in the three months to August, jumping in popularity by more than
nine per cent. Most of those Android phones were made by Samsung, making this an
unprecedented opportunity for rival makers to make their mark.

Google is one of those companies, and launched its two self-made phones on
Thursday. Kantar Worldpanel ComTech consumer insight director Lauren Guenveur
says -Google is likely to see more new -customers than Apple. "The Pixel
announcement could not have come at a better time for -Google, with Samsung
suspending production of the Note7," she says. "(Google's phones are) likely to
steal share away from other Android brands, namely Samsung and Motorola." The
Pixel ($1079) and Pixel XL ($1269) are touted as the "first phones made by
Google" and feature new software, artificial intelligence engine Google
Assistant, fingerprint scanners, 12.3-megapixel cameras with high DxOMark
scores, and a 5-inch and 5.5-inch screen, respectively. The Pixel handsets will
also be the first Google phones sold through an Australian carrier, with Telstra
offering the devices on 24-month plans.

Sony launched its new flagship smartphone, the Xperia XZ ($999), on the same
day, touting a water--resistant body, fingerprint scanner, smart -battery
charging and, notably, a 23-megapixel camera with two extra sensors to speed up
autofocus and deliver accurate colours.

Sony Mobile business development communications head John Featherstone says the
Note7 recall could shake up what has become "a very polarised" market. "Given
some of the challenges other companies have had, the Xperia XZ is a viable
altern-ative," he says. "It's got all the specs, it's still going to be best in
class when it comes to cameras, it will be best in class around battery design,
and it's got other elements like high-res audio and remote gaming." Motorola is
weighing in too with its first high-end flagship in some time. The $999 Moto Z
boasts a 5.5-inch display, 64GB storage, 13-megapixel camera, super-slim design,
and a fingerprint scanner. But its most -innovative additions are its Mods, or
magnetised accessories, that add a speaker, projector, extra battery, or even a
Hasselblad camera onto its rear panel.Motorola Mobility Australia general
manager Danny Adamopolous says the new flagship is designed to take on the big
guys once more. "We want to take advantage of the -situation and surf the wave,"
he says.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Bexhill Observer

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPBO


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Bognor Regis Observer

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPBB


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Chichester Observer

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPCI


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Crawley Observer

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPCO


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Eastbourne Herald

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPEH


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Hastings & St. Leonards Observer

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPHO


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Littlehampton Gazette

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPLG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         Midhurst and Petworth Observer

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPMO


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Mid Sussex Times

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPMT


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Rye and Battle Observer

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPRY


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Shoreham Herald

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPSH


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sussex Express

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPSE


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              West Sussex Gazette

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPWG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            West Sussex County Times

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JWIN


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Worthing Herald

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Google has entered the mobile arena

LENGTH: 484  words


On October the 4th, Google held a big hardware event. There were quite a few
important announcements, including Google Home (a speaker that responds to voice
commands), Google WiFi (a WiFi system for your home), Google Chromecast Ultra,
Daydream and VR headsets and last, but by no means least, the new Google Pixel
(5" screen) and Pixel XL (5.5" screen) smartphones.

Phew! Such a lot of stuff that I could talk about. Let's start with those
phones.

Google have of course been heavily invested in the mobile phone market for quite
some time. They own Android, which accounts for roughly 86 per cent of the
global market, but traditionally they haven't made any hardware themselves. Even
their Nexus range of devices were built in partnership with different
manufacturers.

That is all changing with the new Pixel range of phones. Apple have long claimed
they can get more from the iPhone, because the hardware and software are
designed to work together. Now Google can claim the same thing too and at first
glance, it shows. The new phones are top spec devices aimed to compete with
Apple's and Samsung's flagship phones.

Here is a brief overview of the new phones. They have the best camera of any
smartphone ever, according to independent analysis by DXOMark that scored the
new camera at 89% https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Pixel
-smartphone-camera-review-At-the-topThe phones are able to charge very fast,
gaining 7 hours of usage out of just 15 minutes of charging. They come with 4
GBs of RAM, a whizzy fast processor and up to 128 GBs of storage, which will
help if you want to shoot 4K video. Oh and Google Photos gives you unlimited
storage for all of your photos and videos.

Oh and they have a 3.5mm audio jack. Ahem.

A running theme throughout the event on the 4th was AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Google Assistant, which previewed in the new app Allo, is baked
into the new phones and Google Home. It is possible to have entire conversations
with Google Assistant and after watching the demonstrations (for both the phones
and Google Home) it is hard not to be impressed.

Imagine having a text chat with someone, who suggests you go to the cinema. Not
only will Google Assistant be able to find you the times and dates of the film,
but it will also be able to book tickets for the film and the restaurant nearby
that you mentioned.

In the case of Google Home, there was a really good demonstration where the
speaker asked it to find a song by an artist that appeared in a film. Google
Assistant found the correct song and played it. The speaker had the choice of
listening to it normally, or casting the video on YouTube via Chromecast. No
button pressing involved.

While Google may have advertised the event as a hardware event, a very large
part of it was dedicated to AI. The technology battleground of the future will
not determined by hardware, but by AI.

Alan Stainerhttps://www.alansitsolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPWD


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The fixation with integration;
Apps Streamline your social life with new tech that groups all your messages in
one place, says Phoebe Luckhurst

BYLINE: Phoebe Luckhurst

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 567 words


OUR minds are compartmentalised. The brain whirrs, automatically prioritising
one thing and relegating another; we process tasks, people and emotions at our
choosing. It is our closest kinship with the machines.

And accordingly, the way we use our phones to communicate reflects this impulse
to compartmentalise. For example, there are some people who you only ever
WhatsApp. Open your last iMessage from them and it's a brief missive offering
the name of a pub they're in, sent in 2014. This person is one of your best
friends. For others, though, you exclusively use iMessage; others still,
Facebook Messenger. There's one person - a mate from an old job - whom you have
only ever emailed.

This is compartmentalised communication, and largely, it just makes things
easier. Spreading comms across platforms means you lose the rhythm, order and
track of your conversations: it's ultimately better to have all your contact
with one person concentrated in a single place.

The choice of medium might seem random but there's probably method to it: you
WhatsApp your best mate because you share a lot of snide screenshots and it's
better for sending pictures; you Facebook message looser acquaintances because
you probably don't see them enough to need their number. You email that mate
from an old job because you mainly communicate with them during downtime at your
current job, when you're staring down your inbox.

However, the division counters the spirit of the technologies that we are using.
Cloud software is designed specifically to centralise our lives; apps synch our
desktop and smartphone lives fluidly. And crucially, this month, Google launched
its first phone: Pixel. Among other software quirks, Pixel's version of the
Facebook app integrates your communications, pulling your texts and FB comms
into a single screen. People appear in the order they last contacted you,
whether it was on Facebook or via text.

Currently it doesn't include WhatsApp, but as an insider points out, Facebook
owns WhatsApp, so this will likely be incorporated soon.

And there's a search bar at the top of the screen, so that you can search for
"groups or individuals", which is a feature borrowed from WhatsApp.

It is consistent with Google's cosmic mission for the Pixel. Until now Google
had given its software to other manufacturers; now it's using it in its own
phone, integrating hardware and software into a single object. It wants you to
do everything with Google - which is obviously what Apple has been doing for
years with iOS, MacBooks and iPhones. Indeed, its hardware took the spirit of
individualism to frustrating ends: creating a phone charger with a port specific
to its products.

We're living in an Integration Nation. Granted, it all feels a bit Black Mirror,
though doesn't everything now? And arguably Google's set-up causes a mental
adjustment that borders on the romantic. Grouping messages in this way forces
you to think about the act of contacting someone, rather than the specific
software you're using. It dethrones the medium and puts the emphasis back on the
message.

One Pixel owner says that collecting the strands together in one interface is
strangely calming - which is typically the opposite of how our technology makes
us feel. Now it's suddenly far easier to get the message.

@phoebeluckhurst

Google's phone dethrones the medium and puts the emphasis back on the message -
it's romantic

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New discussion: the launch of Google Pixel; below, the handset

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Google adds new touch to line of Chrome laptops

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 126 words


Google is adding a new touch to its line of Chrome laptops in an attempt to
outshine personal computers running on software made by rivals Microsoft and
Apple.

The new Chromebook Pixel includes a 13-inch display screen that responds to the
touch or swipe of the finger. That"s a key feature in Microsoft Corp."s Windows
8, a dramatic makeover of the world"s leading operating system for PCs.

The Pixel"s high-resolution screen displays 239 pixels per inch, slightly more
than Apple Inc."s MacBooks with high-resolution Retina displays.

Google will begin selling the Pixel today in its Web store, Play. A laptop with
Wi-Fi and 32 gigabytes of flash storage will sell for US$1,299. A 64-gigabyte
machine that can connect on a 4G LTE network will cost US$1,499.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Google takes on Apple, Amazon with new range of hardware company announces new
smartphone and electronic products

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 577 words


Reuters

SAN FRANCISCO

Alphabet's Google on Tuesday announced a new "Pixel" smartphone and a suite of
new consumer electronic products for the home, planting itself firmly in the
hardware business and challenging Apple's iPhone at the high end of the
$400-billion (Bt13.9 trillion) global smartphone market.

The string of announcements, including the $649 Pixel, a smart speaker for the
living room dubbed "Home", a virtual reality headset, and a new WiFi router, is
the clearest sign yet that Google intends to compete head-to-head with Apple,
Amazon.com and even manufacturers of phones using its own Android mobile
operating system.

Taking another page from the Apple playbook, Google said it would work
exclusively with a single carrier in the United States, Verizon Communications,
on the Pixel, emulating Apple's agreement to launch the original iPhone with
AT&T.

That deal gave Apple unprecedented control over the look of the phone and how it
worked.

The phone comes in two sizes, and its high-end camera is one of few
distinguishing features, analysts said. The phones come in black, blue and
silver and will be able to get up to a seven-hour charge in 15 minutes.
Pre-orders began on Tuesday.

While the new phones are clearly aimed at competing with the iPhone, Google
executives took several swipes at Apple in the iron-stage remarks, analysts said
Android rivals like Samsung Electronics could be the biggest victim if the Pixel
takes off.

Google's strategy of licensing Android for free and profiting from embedded
services such as search and maps made Android the dominant mobile operating
system with some 89 per cent of the global market, according to IDC.

But Apple still rules the high end of the market, and Google has long been
frustrated by the emergence of many variations of Android and the inconsistent
experience that has produced. Pushing its own hardware will likely complicate
its relationship with Android licensees, analysts said.

Google kicked off the event on Tuesday by touting the Google Assistant, the
company's voice-activated artificial intelligence system and its answer to
Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa. The presenter showed how a customer could make
a restaurant reservation with a few phrases spoken into the phone.

The assistant will be embedded into the Pixel and Home products and is being
positioned as the central feature in a family of integrated hardware and
software products.

It is one of a handful of similar assistants that are vying for supremacy as
more people search the web and make purchases online using voice commands, which
may eventually supplant keyboards and touchscreens as the primary means of
controlling digital devices.

While Google is often cited as the leader in artificial intelligence, Amazon
stole a march on the company with its Alexa-powered Echo home speaker system, a
surprise hit. The Home device and the Echo have many of the same features.

Google's "Daydream View" virtual reality headset, meanwhile, puts the company in
competition with Facebook owner of Oculus. The device, which works with an
Android phone, is far cheaper and simpler. It will be available in November for
$79, in time for the end-of-year shopping season.

Home will also be available in November for $129, including a six-month trial of
ad-free YouTube.

Google also unveiled a new version of its Chromecast digital media player and a
router dubbed Google WiFi, both boasting the same sleek, minimalist design as
the Home product.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Google takes on Apple, Amazon with new range of hardware company announces new
smartphone and electronic products

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 577 words


Reuters

SAN FRANCISCO

Alphabet's Google on Tuesday announced a new "Pixel" smartphone and a suite of
new consumer electronic products for the home, planting itself firmly in the
hardware business and challenging Apple's iPhone at the high end of the
$400-billion (Bt13.9 trillion) global smartphone market.

The string of announcements, including the $649 Pixel, a smart speaker for the
living room dubbed "Home", a virtual reality headset, and a new WiFi router, is
the clearest sign yet that Google intends to compete head-to-head with Apple,
Amazon.com and even manufacturers of phones using its own Android mobile
operating system.

Taking another page from the Apple playbook, Google said it would work
exclusively with a single carrier in the United States, Verizon Communications,
on the Pixel, emulating Apple's agreement to launch the original iPhone with
AT&T.

That deal gave Apple unprecedented control over the look of the phone and how it
worked.

The phone comes in two sizes, and its high-end camera is one of few
distinguishing features, analysts said. The phones come in black, blue and
silver and will be able to get up to a seven-hour charge in 15 minutes.
Pre-orders began on Tuesday.

While the new phones are clearly aimed at competing with the iPhone, Google
executives took several swipes at Apple in the iron-stage remarks, analysts said
Android rivals like Samsung Electronics could be the biggest victim if the Pixel
takes off.

Google's strategy of licensing Android for free and profiting from embedded
services such as search and maps made Android the dominant mobile operating
system with some 89 per cent of the global market, according to IDC.

But Apple still rules the high end of the market, and Google has long been
frustrated by the emergence of many variations of Android and the inconsistent
experience that has produced. Pushing its own hardware will likely complicate
its relationship with Android licensees, analysts said.

Google kicked off the event on Tuesday by touting the Google Assistant, the
company's voice-activated artificial intelligence system and its answer to
Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa. The presenter showed how a customer could make
a restaurant reservation with a few phrases spoken into the phone.

The assistant will be embedded into the Pixel and Home products and is being
positioned as the central feature in a family of integrated hardware and
software products.

It is one of a handful of similar assistants that are vying for supremacy as
more people search the web and make purchases online using voice commands, which
may eventually supplant keyboards and touchscreens as the primary means of
controlling digital devices.

While Google is often cited as the leader in artificial intelligence, Amazon
stole a march on the company with its Alexa-powered Echo home speaker system, a
surprise hit. The Home device and the Echo have many of the same features.

Google's "Daydream View" virtual reality headset, meanwhile, puts the company in
competition with Facebook owner of Oculus. The device, which works with an
Android phone, is far cheaper and simpler. It will be available in November for
$79, in time for the end-of-year shopping season.

Home will also be available in November for $129, including a six-month trial of
ad-free YouTube.

Google also unveiled a new version of its Chromecast digital media player and a
router dubbed Google WiFi, both boasting the same sleek, minimalist design as
the Home product.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Google takes on Apple with a phone that charges in 15mins

BYLINE: Mark Bridge

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 375 words


Google launched a direct attack on Apple yesterday by unveiling its first
own-brand smartphone, which is similar to the iPhone but offers seven hours of
battery power from a 15-minute charge.

The company said that the camera on its Pixel phone would be the highestrated of
any on the market and highlighted the headphone jack, a feature controversially
left off Apple's latest model. It also announced Google Home - a new
voice-activated smart home system that will let people play music, turn up the
heating or order an Uber car without leaving the sofa - which is not yet
available in the UK.

At the launch in San Francisco, Sundar Pichai, chief executive of Google, said
that the move into hardware was about bringing voice-activated Google Assistant
artificial intelligence (AI) services to customers so that Google would be
available "everywhere".

He said: "It's clear to me that we're moving from a mobile-first world to an
AI-first world. A computer will be available everywhere - people will be able to
interact with it wherever they are."

The launch demonstrates how big tech companies are competing to use hardware and
software to act as omnipresent interfaces between people and brands, whether
that involves using a phone to play a game, or asking a smart speaker in the
living room to preheat the oven. In the process, they are harvesting terrific
volumes of data.

The Pixel phone comes pre-loaded with Google Assistant, so that people can ask
their phones questions or order services by voice. It is branded as a Google
product, unlike its previous phones, which were built in partnerships with
manufacturers. The phone resembles the latest iPhones and comes in 5in and 5.5in
versions, with the latest Android operating system, a 12.3 megapixel camera and
up to 128GB of storage. It is now available to order at prices from £599, the
same as the iPhone.

Carolina Milanesi, a technology analyst at Creative Strategies in California,
tweeted: "Pixel looks more & more the phone that will turn Android lovers into
Google lovers - Samsung will hurt the most".

Ernest Doku, a mobile phone expert at uSwitch, the comparison site, said:
"There's every reason to believe the Pixel could be a genuine iPhone killer in a
market tired of the incumbents."

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday

About Chromebook Pixel

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 199 words


Sunday April 7, 2013

What: The device represents Google's entry into the high-end laptop market. It
runs Google's Chrome OS operating system, which largely assumes you'll have
round-the-clock Internet access. You can still work with the device offline, but
functionality is limited.

Cost: The basic model costs $1,299 and comes with 32 gigabytes of storage. For
$1,449, you get 64 gigabytes and LTE connectivity through Verizon Wireless. Both
models come with a terabyte of online storage through Google Drive for three
years, a $1,800 value at $50 per month. Not everyone will need as much storage,
and Google Drive offers free and cheaper plans.

The pricier Pixel model also offers 100 megabytes a month of LTE cellular data
access through Verizon Wireless for two years.

Extras: If you need more, you can buy a day pass with unlimited data for $10. Or
you can buy 1 gigabyte of data for $20, 3 GB for $35 or 5 GB for $50. Those are
good for a month. If you're a Verizon customer with a plan for sharing data
allotments over multiple devices, you can add the Pixel for just $10 a month.

Where to buy it: The Pixel is sold through Google's online Play store and Best
Buy's website.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 16, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Google Nexus 6 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4: specification comparison

LENGTH: 178  words


Google launched the Motorola-built Nexus 6 Smartphone running Android's latest
update - Lollipop (5.0 version) last night. The Smartphone comes with a massive
QHD display, runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 805 chipset powered with 3GB of RAM
and brings 13-megapixel snapper on board.

These specifications put this smartphone against Samsung's Galaxy Note 4
smartphone which was launched for a staggering INR 61,500 in India.

Here we put the two Smartphones against each other to compare them on the basis
of their specifications.


Features          Google Nexus 6              Samsung Galaxy Note 4
Dimensions        82.98159.2610.06mm          153.5 x 78.6 x 8.5 mm
Weight            184 grams                   176 grams
Display           5.96-inch QHD               5.7-inch QHD
Display           25601440 pixels (493 ppi    1440 x 2560 pixels, 515 ppi
resolution        pixel density)              pixel density)
Processor         2.7GHz Snapdragon 805       2.7GHz Snapdragon 805
                  quad-core                   quad-core
RAM               3GB                         3GB
Storage           32GB/64GB                   32GB
MicroSD support   N/A                         expandable
Rear Camera       13-megapixel                16-megapixel
Front Camera      2-megapixel                 3.7-megapixel
Battery           3,220mAh                    3,220mAh
Software          Android 5.0 Lollipop        Android 4.4.4 KitKat
Price             $649 (in the US)            INR 61,500

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Google Assistant features trivia game for Pixel phones

LENGTH: 172  words


Google's new easter egg is a surprise trivia game

Google is known for sneaking in easter eggs with all of the OS updates, and for
sure there will be one in the Google Assistant in the new Pixel and Pixel XL
smartphones.

According to a report from Ars Technica, Google Assistant will come with a quick
trivia game. All users have to do is open up Google Assistant and then say, "I'm
Feeling Lucky" to begin the game. "I'm Feeling Lucky" is a reference to the
button on Google's main site, that will take users to a random search result.
The trivia game, called Are You Feeling Lucky, comes with theme music, audience
reactions and a host that likes to throw out sharp one-liners.

The game is quite similar to the classic PC games You Dont Know Jack, which has
fast trivia questions from a snarky, but unseen host. The game also allows
multiple players where each person can  answer a question and, at the end of the
round, Google Assistant proclaims the winner. This addition is great, if you
want to spend some time with friends.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2013 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Google Inc. titled as "SEAMLESS DISPLAY
PANEL TILING USING AN OPTICAL EXPANSION LAYER"

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130279012, published on October 17, 2013, by Google Inc., titled as "SEAMLESS
DISPLAY PANEL TILING USING AN OPTICAL EXPANSION LAYER" for the registration of
patent.

Inventors: Lee; Johnny; (Mountain View, CA) ; Teller; Eric; (Palo Alto, CA)
Assignee: Google Inc.
Mountain View
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
display panel for use with a multi-panel display. The display panel includes a
display panel including an array of display pixels disposed surrounded by a
bezel, the array of display pixels for emitting a display image having a first
size, and an optical expansion layer disposed over the array of display pixels
to magnify the display image to appear to have a second size larger than the
first size and to at least partially conceal the bezel surrounding the housing.
The optical expansion layer includes a first array of microlenses optically
coupled to the array of display pixels to cause light from the display pixels to
diverge, a second array of microlenses having complementary optical power to the
first array of microlenses; and an optically transparent offset layer disposed
between the first and second arrays of microlenses. Other embodiments are
disclosed and claimed."

The Patent was filed on January 30, 2013 under application No. 20130279012

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday

Google Maps Make Korean Debut

BYLINE: By Kim Tong-hyung

LENGTH: 556 words


Staff Reporter

Google is becoming serious in approaching the Korean market and expects mapping
services to be an integral part of its local business plans, company executives
said.

In a news conference in Seoul, Google Korea (www.google.co.kr) announced the
release of the local version of "Google Maps," a free location service based on
interactive Web maps and photographic imagery, which company officials hope will
help drive more traffic to its search engine.

The debut of the mapping service had been delayed due to Korean export
restrictions on mapping data. The problem was solved after Google eventually
agreed to operate the services on a Korean server.

Cho Won-gyu, the engineering site director at Google Korea, said the
location-based information used by consumers and corporate clients through
Google Maps will be very diverse.

The company has created an open API (application programming interface) for the
mapping service to allow third-party developers and corporate clients to create
and share applications.

Companies like Samsung Everland, which plans to use Google Maps to strengthen
its "BeMeal" restaurant search services; REVU (www.revu.com), a consumer review
site; and Korea Railroad are already developing future services by using the
API.

Google is also planning to introduce "Street View," a related product that
allows viewers a panoramic, ground-level view of the search area, soon, Lee
said.

"We believe Google Maps will play an integral part in strengthening our market
position here," Cho said, adding that it is the search engine's only service to
be operated on a local server.

"We will continue to upgrade the quality of services through user feedback," he
said.

Google Maps is likely to face tough competition in Korea, with local Internet
companies rushing to roll out similar services with better quality.

Daum (www.daum.net) and Paran (www.paran.com) are the most ambitious, as they
are preparing mapping services with image resolutions of 50 centimeters per
pixel, better than the Korean version of Google Maps that range between 50
centimeters to 1 meter per pixel.

The Korean portals say they are ready to enhance picture qualities up to 25
centimeters per pixel, once the government eases its regulations on the
resolution of aerial photography that is current limited to 50 centimeters per
pixel.

NHN, the operator of top portal and search engine, Naver (www.naver.com), is
also planning to launch mapping services and has recently agreed to purchase
satellite imagery from a company in Taiwan.

"We believe Google Maps has a competitive advantage in that the usage of its API
will not be limited to the Korean market, unlike the rival services of local
portals," said Cho.

"We will continue to customize Google Maps to the needs of local users," he
said.

Google has been struggling to cope with Naver's dominance in the past years, but
its localization efforts are slowing starting to be manifested in traffic,
company officials said.

Lee Won-jin, the director of business and operations at Google Korea, said
Google Korea's search traffic has increased by more than 40 percent compared to
last year.

Google Korea had been focusing on customizing the Internet giant's global
services for Korean customers, but Lee said the company will introduce more
products that have been developed for Korean users in 2009.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                           July 27, 2015 6:30 AM EST

Google expands Android One range New Lava Phone launched

LENGTH: 258  words


After adding Spice, Micromax and Karbonn to the Android One portfolio, Google is
tying up with domestic handset maker Lava International to expand the programme
with phones priced at Rs.10,000.

Earlier, all the Android One phones were priced at Rs.5,000. Lava International
promoter Hari Om Rai and Ceaser Sengupta, vice president at Google products
division, are expected to unveil the new smartphone.

Lava Pixel V1 Android One smartphone launched in India, at an event in Delhi.
The Lava Pixel V1 Android One features a 5.5-inch Full HD IPS display which is
secured by ASAHI Dragontrail Glass. The 1.3 GHz MediaTek quad-core processor
ensures seamless multitasking and gaming. The device boasts a 2 GB of RAM and
has an internal memory of 32 GB which can also be expanded up to 32GB via
microSD card. The device runs on Android 5.1.1 Lollipop.

The new phone comes with a 8 megapixel primary camera with LED flash, f/2.0
aperture, 5P Largan lens, 1.4 micron pixel size. On the front, there is a 5
megapixel front-facing camera with f/2.4 aperture, 4P Largan lens and the same
1.4 micron pixel size, for selfies and video calling. The phone supports Dual
SIM

The Pixel V1 Android One includes 3G HSPA+, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth and
GPS as connectivity options.The device is powered by a 2,650 mAh battery under
the hood, with power saver mode that ensures 90 minutes more battery life.

The Lava Pixel V1 Android One is priced at Rs 11,349 in India. It will be
available exclusively through Flipkart online and 32,000 retailers throughout
the country.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2015 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                October 4, 2016
                                 First Edition

Google ready to launch two new smartphones;
TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: Martyn Landi

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 165 words


Google is set to unveil two new smartphones as the technology giant aims to
challenge Samsung and Apple in the smartphone market.

The internet giant will announce the Pixel and Pixel XL as replacements for its
Nexus smartphones today, according to reports.

It has been suggested the Pixel will have a 5in display and the Pixel XL a 5.5in
screen. The devices will reportedly come with cutting-edge Snapdragon
processors, 12-megapixel cameras and fingerprint scanners.

Both phones are also expected to arrive with the latest version of Google's
Android software, 7.1 Nougat. The announcement will take place during a live
event in San Francisco, where the firm is also expected to give more information
on its smart home device, Google Home, which was announced in May.

Google Home enables users to talk to Google's artificial intelligence system to
find out news, weather and travel information, as well as control smart
appliances in their home, including lights and thermostats, using their voice.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      October 14, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Google Phone 5.1 App Now Available For Download

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 204  words


Though the feature is exclusively meant for Pixel smartphones, you can try your
luck on Nexus 5X and 6P too.

With the launch of new Pixel smartphones, Google has reportedly revamped the
Phone app to version 5.1, which was discovered by Android Police from a batch of
Pixel system image files that were leaked earlier this week.

Speaking about the new updated Phone app, Google has introduced new in-call user
interface which seems to be pretty much identical to the company's Duo video
calling app that was recently launched.

With a translucent blue screen and new actions to answer and reject calls, the
new app redesign further makes the app look more like an iOS dialler. It also
gets new larger buttons and circular caller ID.

Along with this, the new version of the Phone app comes with launcher shortcuts,
which is actually an exclusive feature available on Pixel Launcher. However,
some reports have surfaced online where people have claimed that the new Phone
5.1 app works on Nexus 5X and 6P smartphones, at least those that run on Android
6.0 Marshmallow.

If this story interests you and if you would like to try out the Google Phone
5.1 app yourself right now, you can download the app from APKMirror and try your
luck.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday
                                  APM Edition

New Nexus 7 offers top-notch specs at rock-bottom price

BYLINE: Hiranand Sunny

SECTION: ITC; Technology; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 399 words


SINGAPORE  - The first Google Nexus 7 took the world by storm with its great
price point, smooth performance and sleek design. Google and Asus have teamed up
again to build another device - also called the Nexus 7 - that could be the best
tablet on the market right now.

The new Nexus 7 looks a lot like an oversized Android phone, but it is easy to
hold on to and use with one hand. It is also lighter and slimmer than its
predecessor, being only 8.65mm thick and tipping the scales at 290 grams.

The textured back from the older Nexus 7 has been replaced with a smooth finish
that does not hold onto fingerprints.

The best feature of the Nexus 7 is definitely its amazing screen. The tablet
still has a 7-inch IPS display like its predecessor, but the resolution has been
boosted from 1280 x 800 pixels to 1920 x 1200, and it boasts a mammoth pixel
density of 323ppi (pixels per inch).

As a result, watching videos and browsing picture galleries on the Nexus 7 is a
real joy and it will be interesting to see how this matches up to the iPad Mini
2, which will come with Apple's trademark Retina display and is expected to be
launched next month.

The Nexus 7 also comes with a 1.5 GHz Snapdragon S4 Pro quad-core processor and
2GB of RAM.

This combined with the latest Android 4.3 Jelly Bean operating system means the
Nexus 7 is extremely slick and responsive. The device boots more quickly than
most of the other Android tablets I have tested.

The Nexus 7 is also great when it comes to battery life. It lasted for about
eight hours on a single charge after a test, which included watching HD videos
and playing online games via Wi-Fi.

The tablet also comes with two cameras, a 5-megapixel one at the back and a
1.2-megapixel one in the front. The rear camera does take crisp and clear
pictures, but the auto-focus is not very accurate and you may need a few takes
to capture the perfect picture.

Only the 16GB Wi-Fi version of the Nexus 7 - which does not have an expandable
storage slot - will be sold in Singapore for now. Despite that, the tablet still
offers great specs, one of the best displays on the market now and a sleek
design at a very affordable price, making it a great option for those who are
not willing to wait for the new iPad Mini.

The Nexus 7 will retail at S$379 for the 16GB Wi-Fi model, and will be available
at all ASUS stores and authorised retailers from Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The new Google Nexus 7. Photo: Google
The new Nexus 7 will retail at S$379. Photo: Google
The new Google Nexus 7. Photo: Google

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Google brings technology home with new product line-up

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 414 words


With smartphones, a virtual reality headset, an intelligent personal assistant
and a WiFi router, Google unveiled a whole host of handy new products for around
the home at its latest major conference, October 4, 2016, in San Francisco.

A new range of smartphonesGoogle's new Pixel smartphones will replace the firm's
former Nexus range, built in partnership with third-party manufacturers. Pixel
mobiles are high-end handsets built 100% by Google, offering users an optimized
Android Nougat experience. The two first Pixel models -- a 5-inch handset and a
5.5-inch device -- are already up for preorder in the USA starting from $649.

A new VR headset
The new Daydream View virtual reality headset is compatible with Google's two
Pixel smartphones. It'll also work with upcoming handsets set to gain support
for Google's Daydream 3D platform. The headset works in conjunction with a
smartphone, which slots into the VR viewer, and ships with a sort of remote
control that doubles up as a motion sensor. This relatively basic headset is
considerably less sophisticated than the Oculus Rift or the HTC Vive, but it's
set to sell for $79 in the USA when it launches in November.

A 24/7 intelligent assistant
Google Home is a voice-command service that brings the firm's intelligent
personal assistant to any room of the house. In a similar setup to Amazon Echo,
it responds to simple voice instructions starting with the traditional "Ok
Google" opener, for instant info like tomorrow's weather forecast, for example,
or for putting on music or for adjusting the temperature or lighting in
different rooms. It'll be available in the USA from November 2016 priced $129.

A modular home WiFi system
Google WiFi promises to boost home connectivity with an optimized WiFi signal in
all parts of the home. This router is controlled via an application and can be
used to manage the home's various connected devices and their user profiles, as
well as disconnect them if necessary. Google WiFi is due out in November priced
$129 each or $299 for a pack of three.

New multimedia key
Google's Chromecast hooks up to a TV's HDMI port to stream multimedia content
over a WiFi network. The latest "Ultra" version gets support for 4K Ultra HD
video and HDR content streamed from various devices. The Ultra remains
compatible with a host of video applications, such as YouTube and Netflix. The
Chromecast Ultra is out in November priced $69.

Check out Google Home in this video: youtu.be/nWiIWyCeZso

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 14, 2015 Tuesday 12:00 PM GMT

Dell XPS 13 review: a screen to beat Apple;
Company's new powerful 13in aluminium ultrabook has a better-than-retina quad
HD+ screen with virtually no bezels squeezed into an 11in laptop frame

BYLINE: Jack Schofield

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1055 words


Star Rating: 5 stars

Dell's latest ultrabook is squarely aimed at Apple's MacBook Pro with a
better-than-retina high resolution screen and aluminium body - a Windows MacBook
killer.

Since Dell turned private in 2013 it has rekindled its innovative spirit, first
with a super-thin tablet with an edge-to-edge display, now with a laptop that is
thin, light and practically bezel-less.

The new XPS 13 is a "hero product" that shows what the company can do. I can't
remember the last time I really wanted to test a Dell laptop.

Better than retina

The Dell XPS 13 (2015) may look like a traditional aluminium ultrabook, but it
really makes an impact when you open it up.

The screen looks huge, because the bezels are tiny - a 13.3in "infinity" screen
fitted into something the size of an 11in laptop. It is also is very bright and
very sharp, with a resolution of 3200 x 1800 pixels and a pixel density of 276
pixels per inch.

For comparison a MacBook Pro with a 13.3in retina screen has a resolution of
2560 x 1600 and 227ppi, and Google's Chromebook Pixel a 12.9in screen with a
2560 x 1700 resolution and 239 ppi, meaning the Dell has both the Apple and
Google laptops beat on sharpness.

The higher the pixel density the sharper the text, the clearer the details in
images and the better the screen looks - it's the same principle used by
smartphones and tablets.

Specifications as tested

     ·    Screen: 13.3in Quad HD+ infinity screen, 3200 x 1800 (276 pixels per
          inch)
     ·    Processor: 2.4GHz Intel Core i7 i7-5500U processor
     ·    RAM: 8GB
     ·    Storage: 256GB SSD
     ·    Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11ac, BT 4.0, USB3.0, mini DisplayPort, SD
          card reader
     ·    Camera: 720p
     ·    Dimensions: 304 x 200 x 15mm
     ·    Weight: 1.26kg



Real power

The XPS 13 is one of the first new laptops using Intel's fifth-generation 14nm
Core chips, code-named Broadwell. They provide a small increase in performance
over current Haswell designs, but should deliver significantly better battery
life.

The fan-cooled Core i7-5500U is fast for an ultrabook - especially one that
measures only 15mm thick - and the extra performance of its HD5500 graphics
processor makes it usable for 1080p gaming. It's quite a step up from the slow
performance of the fanless Core-M chip used in the Lenovo Yoga 3 and Apple's
latest MacBook.

But small sizes require compromises, and the XPS 13 is no exception. The memory
chips are soldered to the motherboard so not upgradable and the battery is
sealed in, as it is with quite a few of its competitors.

The XPS 13 has two USB 3.0 ports, a mini-DisplayPort for video, an SD card slot,
and a 3.5mm headset jack. More connections can be provided via an optional USB
dongle. The webcam is positioned in an odd place - underneath the screen on the
left-hand side - because there's no room for it in the thin bezel around the
screen. The view from the webcam is therefore, less flattering.

Battery lasts about a day

Dell estimates the XPS 13 with the infinity screen will last approximately 11
hours of browsing or eight hours of video playback. With high performance
settings and the screen brightness turned up, I got slightly less than that in
normal use.

With more balanced settings, the XPS13 should get through a normal day's work.
But if you play World of Warcraft on your lunch break, you might not make it.

The power adapter is tiny, however, and the machine charges in about two hours.
Dell also offers a Power Companion battery that will recharge it, but if battery
life is a priority, the lower resolution full HD-screen versions last longer.

'Adaptive brightness' potentially a plague

The infinity screen is excellent - arguably one of the best available on a
laptop - but there's a potential problem.

The screen has an "adaptive brightness" feature that varies the screen
brightness according to content, not just the ambient light. It's a technology
used in high-end smartphones and tablets by Samsung and others, which makes the
display look as good as possible.

However, the colour and brightness changing technology cannot be turned off and
makes it impossible to calibrate the display, which is the first thing a pro
photographer or video editor would want to do with this type of machine.

Some people think it is very important, and many have complained about it
online, but I confess I didn't really notice it in daily use. Dell ought to
provide a way to turn it off, and until it does, it could be a real problem for
people in the creative industries.

Keyboard and trackpad

The chiclet-style keyboard is good, but not great. I found the backlit keys
slightly small, which reflects the fact that the XPS 13's chassis is closer to
an 11.6in than a 13.3in laptop. I would also have preferred a little more
travel, but then, I grew up with mechanical typewriters and clicky keyboards.

The large Microsoft Precision touchpad is much better than those in most Windows
laptops, though still not up to Apple standards. It's also very sensitive, which
takes some getting used to.

Price

The Dell XPS 13 comes in several different models starting at £799 and rising to
£1,249, with faster processors, the quad HD+ screen and more storage.

The version tested costs £1,099 with 256GB of storage, 8GB of RAM and a quad HD+
screen.

Verdict

The Dell XPS 13's Quad HD+ screen, thin bezels, good touchpad, solid keyboard,
aluminium construction and aggressive pricing make it a strong competitor in the
high-end PC market. Not even Apple offers a better-than-retina screen and a Core
i7 in something close to the size of an 11in MacBook Air.

There are other high-end laptops such as the Lenovo ThinkPad Carbon X1, HP
EliteBooks, Asus Zenbooks and similar machines, but if you want a laptop for
Windows or Linux, the XPS 13 is probably the best you can get at the moment.

The elephant in the room? Dude, you're getting a Dell. That won't put off
business buyers, who make up the vast majority of Dell's customers, but it's
probably not going to appeal to the hipsters in Starbucks, who are brand
followers not brand leaders.

Pros: excellent quad HD+ screen, solid build, powerful, good touchpad,
touchscreen  Cons: battery life could be better, adaptive brightness can't be
turned off, memory not upgradable

Other reviews

                     · Surface Pro 3 review: the most lappable tablet yet

· Five best laptops to suit any budget

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Smartphone from Google signals shift to hardware

BYLINE: Elizabeth Dwoskin;Craig Timberg

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1315 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO - Software giant Google is beginning an aggressive foray into
hardware production with the launch Tuesday of a smartphone and other devices
that will bring the company into direct competition with other leading tech
firms, including its longtime partner Samsung.

The launch signals a major shift for one of the world's most profitable
companies as it seeks to adapt to a technology landscape increasingly dominated
by mobile and other connected hardware. Google must find a way, analysts say, to
keep acquiring user data for targeting ads as Web search - traditionally done
from laptop or desktop computers - is supplanted by newer technologies.

Google's new smartphone, the Pixel, will employ artificial-intelligence
technology that users can converse with, allowing them to sidestep keyboards as
they access online information and make purchases such as movie tickets, say
people familiar with the company's plans who spoke on the condition of anonymity
to reveal information ahead of its official release. The company also plans to
release other new hardware, including a voice-based assistant for the home to
rival Amazon's Echo and a virtual-reality headset to rival Facebook's Oculus.

These moves push Google beyond its traditional comfort zone - industry-leading
online portals for Web search, and popular apps for email and maps - and into
the harshly competitive world of hardware design, production, sales and customer
service in which the company has only dabbled. The company has relied on
partners such as Samsung and Huawei to sell devices loaded with free Google
software, including the Android mobile operating system.

"Android is ubiquitous now, but as people shift into these new patterns for
interacting with the Web, Google has less and less reach," said Benedict Evans,
partner at the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. "They
have you for Web search, but not for the other things that you increasingly do.
This is both an existential and a strategic problem for Google."

The launch of the Pixel - which was to be heralded this week by prime-time
television ads during "Monday Night Football" and "The Voice," as well as
billboards and installations in London, Sydney, Berlin and New York - will test
Google's mettle in a new kind of business. The shift toward hardware also puts
the company on a collision course with Apple, Amazon and Facebook, and with
partners such as Samsung that have used Google's free Android software to build
their own global smartphone empires. Samsung's Galaxy phones are the most
popular high-end smartphones in the United States after Apple's iPhone.

Samsung and Google have engaged in a tug of war in recent years, each trying to
shake free of its dependence on the other, said people familiar with the
situation. Google in recent years has tested the hardware market, with a spotty
record, including limited efforts to sell its own line of smartphones, its
purchase (and later sale) of Motorola and release of other troubled products
such as Google Glass. Samsung, meanwhile, has gone so far as building its own
mobile operating system and app marketplace, Tizen, as a hedge against the
company's dependence on Android.

Samsung declined to comment.

"Google's challenge is that Android's success has also been its greatest
weakness," said Jeffrey Hammond, principal analyst at Forrester.

The Android operating system is used by Samsung, Huawei, HTC and dozens of other
manufacturers. But Google's licensing deals with manufacturers - offering the
smartphone operating system and the popular Google Play Store app marketplace to
manufacturers only if they agree to bundle it with other Google apps - has
generated antitrust scrutiny in Europe.

It also has left Google with little control over the devices, opening them to
security flaws while hampering the company's ability to leverage the popularity
of Android as a path to other Google-provided services, such as the growing
market for artificial intelligence.

Many tech companies have tried and failed to produce smartphones. Smartphones
released by both Facebook and Amazon over the past two years have flopped.
Microsoft - another software giant that moved into the hardware business - sold
Nokia two years after buying it. In 2011, Google bought smartphone maker
Motorola for $12.5 billion and sold it for less than a quarter of that amount
three years later, reportedly because the ownership of Motorola caused problems
with its other manufacturer partners.

The Pixel will be manufactured by HTC and cost about $650, according to people
familiar with the company's plans, though different payment options will be
available. The Pixel is also expected to be branded exclusively as a Google
phone. This stands in contrast to the packaging for Nexus phones, the largely
obscure line of Android phones that Google has produced with manufacturer
partners since 2010, which had the names of both manufacturers and Google on its
packaging.

Google plans to build out an extensive customer service and marketing operation
to accompany the Pixel devices, said individuals familiar with the company's
plans.

Google thinks that if it waits longer to make a major push into hardware, it
risks losing control of the Android device market. Moreover, the search giant
sees an opportunity as consumers become more comfortable buying smartphones
directly from manufacturers and carriers and dropping two-year contracts that
lock customers in, said the people familiar with the company's thinking.

Samsung's recent recall of its flagship Galaxy phone, because of battery
explosions, is a vulnerability Google could exploit, said Charles Golvin,
research director at Gartner.

Today, Google's core search advertising business is still a cash cow, but Wall
Street thinks that search advertising is a maturing industry. The queries that
people type into Google on a smartphone today could, in the near future, be
asked aloud to a device in the home or in a car, Evans said.

"If you have a device in your home, they would like you to be asking Google -
and not Amazon's Alexa - what the weather is or telling Google to play you this
music," Evans said. "Google sees there is a new endpoint emerging beyond
smartphones."

The new smartphones will come equipped with Google's latest
artificial-intelligence software, a souped-up voice-based helper called Google
Assistant, that can do things such as buy movie tickets when asked. The phone
will come with software that works smoothly with Daydream, the company's
virtual-reality platform and headset, and with the home appliance, Google Home.
Like Apple and Microsoft, which have built clusters of devices that sync in the
hopes of keeping consumers wedded to their products, Google expects that
consumers will be motivated to buy more of the products if any one of them takes
off.

Google has made organizational changes across the company as part of its dive
into hardware. In April, Google rehired Rick Osterloh, who was president of
Motorola when the handset maker was owned by Google, to run a new hardware
division. Osterloh, who managed the relationship with Google's Android team
during his tenure at Motorola, has consolidated the company's various hardware
initiatives, including Chromecast, Nexus, Google Glass, the Nest thermostat, and
now Pixel, into a single unit. He is building out a customer service operation
and has appointed a design chief to oversee all the company's hardware. A
separate unit manages the relationships with manufacturer partners.

"He's one of the elite few who understands that the new wave of innovation will
go beyond smartphones and combine software and hardware," said Jason Rosenthal,
chief executive of virtual-reality start-up Lytro, where Osterloh sits on the
board of directors. "There are just few very executives who have worked on
both."

elizabeth.dwoskin@washpost.com

craig.timberg@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

New smartphones bring competition for iPhone

BYLINE: From wire reports<br>

SECTION: E; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 781 words


Tech Review

From wire reports

Ready for the battle of the phones? This year's crop of high-end smartphones is
starting to emerge, like bear cubs crawling out of their burrows, sniffing the
spring air. First out is the HTC One, a handsome, powerful animal that should do
well this year.

The HTC One belongs to the big camp of smartphones running Google Inc.'s Android
software. Collectively, they're the big alternative to the iPhone, though no one
model outsells the iPhone. What makes the HTC One really stand out is that it's
the only phone that can match Apple Inc.'s standards of feel and finish.

Much like the iPhone, the HTC One has a beautifully machined aluminum back and
aluminum detailing on the front. Also like the iPhone, the metal edges are
beveled, or "chamfered" as the industrial designers call it. Plastic and metal
are joined together so well that you can't tell by feel where one ends and the
other starts.

While the HTC One clearly borrows some elements of the iPhone 5's style, it's
hard to mistake the HTC One for the iPhone. For starters, it is half an inch
taller and broader, with a huge screen. It's also noticeably thicker at its
maximum, but that's cunningly concealed by a bulging back and narrow edges.
Bigger screens are one way Android phones take on the iPhone, and that
inevitably leads to bigger phones, but the HTC One carries its bulk very well.

The screen is quite a sight, boasting a resolution of 1920 by 1080 pixels -- as
many as you'd find on a 50-inch TV set. You'd have to line up three iPhone 5s,
side by side, to show as much detail as you can on one HTC One screen. That
doesn't mean the screen is three times as useful. These pixels are just so small
that the eye can't take advantage of the full resolution.

Above and below the screens are two speaker grilles. That means that when you
turn the phone sideways to watch a movie, you'll get real stereo sound, without
headphones. The speakers are great, too, pumping out surprisingly deep sound.

The price you pay for a body that feels as tight and sharp as a knife fresh from
the forge is that nothing goes into or out of it. You can't change the battery,
and you can't expand the memory with cards.

The camera does something interesting, but the results are disappointing. It's
well known that boosting the megapixel count of camera sensors doesn't really do
much for the image quality, but phone and camera makers can't seem to stop using
megapixel count as a marketing tool, so the megapixels keep climbing. HTC has
finally taken a stand against this trend, with a camera sensor that has only 4
megapixels of resolution. It's a timid stand, though, as HTC doesn't actually
tell you it's a 4-megapixel sensor.

Rather, HTC calls it an "Ultrapixel" camera. The story is that the sensor pixels
are twice as big as they are in most phone cameras, which means they can gather
more light. More light per pixel means better pictures in indoor lighting, at
least in theory. In practice, I found the images to be better than those of
other Android phones in low lighting, but not as good as those from the iPhone
5.

Google releases laptop

Google has come out with a high-end laptop running its Chrome OS operating
system. The Chromebook Pixel has a high-resolution screen comparable to Apple's
MacBook Pro with Retina display. Here's how the two laptops stack up:

Price: The basic, Wi-Fi model of the Chromebook Pixel costs $1,299. One that can
also access the LTE cellular network goes for $1,449. The comparable, 13-inch
MacBook Pro with high-resolution display starts at $1,499. There's no MacBook
Pro with LTE.

Internet access: Both devices have built-in Wi-Fi.

Storage: The basic model of the Pixel has 32 gigabytes of solid-state storage,
and the LTE model has 64 gigabytes. Internal storage is not expandable. The
MacBook Pro starts at 128 gigabytes. Both Pixel models come with 1 terabyte of
online storage through Google Drive for three years.

Display: The Pixel has a touch-screen display that measures 12.85 inches
diagonally and has a resolution of 239 pixels per inch. The basic MacBook Pro
has a 13.3-inch screen at 227 pixels per inch. A 15.4-inch MacBook, at 220
pixels per inch, is also available for several hundred dollars more.

Weight: The basic Pixel weighs 3.35 pounds, compared with the lightest MacBook
Pro at 3.57 pounds.

Processor: The Pixel has a 1.8 gigahertz Intel i5 processor and comes with 4 GB
of working memory. The cheapest high-resolution MacBook Pro has a 2.5 gigahertz
i5 processor and comes with 8 GB of working memory. Both have Intel HD Graphics
4000 cards.

Battery life: The Pixel promises five hours of active use, while the MacBook
promises seven hours.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              463 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to Google Inc. (California) on November 18 titled as "System
and method for coding video using color segmentation"

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,891,627, on
November 18, 2014, to Google Inc. (California), titled as "System and method for
coding video using color segmentation"

Inventors: Bankoski; James (Mountain View, CA), Wilkins; Paul (Cambridge, GB),
Xu; Yaowu (San Diego, CA)
Assignee: Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed herein is method for encoding a video signal having at least one
frame with a plurality of blocks having pixels. The method includes identifying
a first color of pixels in a block in the at least one frame, assigning pixels
in the block having the first color to a first source segment and assigning
pixels in the block having a color different than the first color to a second
source segment and determining a set of motion vectors derived from first source
segment and a set of motion vectors derived from the second source segment."

The patent was filed on April 18, 2011 Application no. 13/088,615

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The News Today (Bangladesh.)

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Google unveils new HP laptop for $279

LENGTH: 365  words


Google is introducing a new $279 laptop based on its Internet-centric Chrome
operating system, borrowing many of the high-end features found in a model that
costs about $1,000 more.

Hewlett-Packard Co. is making the new HP Chromebook 11. Although the price is in
line with most other Chromebooks using Chrome OS, the new model sports many
design features that are usually found on pricier devices, including the $1,299
Chromebook Pixel.

Unlike Windows and Mac laptops, Chromebooks rely heavily on having a continuous
Internet connection to run Gmail, Google Docs and other online services. Many
apps don't run directly on the device but over the Internet. The devices also
have relatively little storage, as documents, photos and other files are
supposed to be stored online instead.

The new laptop has a plastic frame with no sharp edges or corners, or even screw
holes. Speakers are tucked under the keyboard so that sound comes out toward the
user, even when the laptop is used on the lap. Devices with speakers on the back
or the bottom don't do that.

The Chromebook 11 has a display that measures 11.6 inches diagonally, and it
weighs about 2 pounds.

Caesar Sengupta, vice president of product management for Chromebooks, said HP
approached Google after seeing the Pixel, which Google designed and made on its
own using an unnamed contract manufacturer.

He said Google and HP had to make a few trade-offs to keep the price low. The
Chromebook 11 doesn't have a touch screen, and the display's resolution isn't as
sharp as the Pixel's. The Pixel also uses a plastic frame rather than metal, but
there's magnesium underneath to keep the laptop sturdy.

And in recognition of the growing use of phones and tablet computers, the
Chromebook 11 uses the same microUSB charger common in those mobile devices.
Other laptops typically come with their own charger, which Sengupta described as
yet another item that needs to be packed for weekend trips.

The Chromebook 11 is available starting Tuesday at Google's only Play store and
selected retailers. The laptop comes in white or black. The white model has a
choice of four accents around the keyboard and under the device: blue, red,
yellow and green.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The News Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The News Today (Bangladesh.)

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Google unveils new HP laptop for $279

LENGTH: 365  words


Google is introducing a new $279 laptop based on its Internet-centric Chrome
operating system, borrowing many of the high-end features found in a model that
costs about $1,000 more.

Hewlett-Packard Co. is making the new HP Chromebook 11. Although the price is in
line with most other Chromebooks using Chrome OS, the new model sports many
design features that are usually found on pricier devices, including the $1,299
Chromebook Pixel.

Unlike Windows and Mac laptops, Chromebooks rely heavily on having a continuous
Internet connection to run Gmail, Google Docs and other online services. Many
apps don't run directly on the device but over the Internet. The devices also
have relatively little storage, as documents, photos and other files are
supposed to be stored online instead.

The new laptop has a plastic frame with no sharp edges or corners, or even screw
holes. Speakers are tucked under the keyboard so that sound comes out toward the
user, even when the laptop is used on the lap. Devices with speakers on the back
or the bottom don't do that.

The Chromebook 11 has a display that measures 11.6 inches diagonally, and it
weighs about 2 pounds.

Caesar Sengupta, vice president of product management for Chromebooks, said HP
approached Google after seeing the Pixel, which Google designed and made on its
own using an unnamed contract manufacturer.

He said Google and HP had to make a few trade-offs to keep the price low. The
Chromebook 11 doesn't have a touch screen, and the display's resolution isn't as
sharp as the Pixel's. The Pixel also uses a plastic frame rather than metal, but
there's magnesium underneath to keep the laptop sturdy.

And in recognition of the growing use of phones and tablet computers, the
Chromebook 11 uses the same microUSB charger common in those mobile devices.
Other laptops typically come with their own charger, which Sengupta described as
yet another item that needs to be packed for weekend trips.

The Chromebook 11 is available starting Tuesday at Google's only Play store and
selected retailers. The laptop comes in white or black. The white model has a
choice of four accents around the keyboard and under the device: blue, red,
yellow and green.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The News Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 16, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Google Nexus 9, a bigger, better and faster option over the Nexus 7 (2013)

LENGTH: 398  words


Google has launched its bigger tablet today with the HTC made Nexus 9. With this
Google has ditched the larger screen (10 inch) tablet and launched a new 8.9
incher.

The new tablet is a bigger bet on the tablet market, and compared to the Nexus 7
(2013) it is heavier by more than 150 grams. But Google does a good job as it
maintains the tablet at a thinner level.

The new tablet not only gets a bigger and better protected glass, but also gets
a bump in display resolution. While the previous generation use a Corning
Gorilla Glass first generation the latest tablet gets a 3rd generation Corning
Gorilla Glass protection. The 1200 x 1920 pixels of the Nexus 7 (2013) has been
increases to 2048 x 1536 pixels in the Nexus 9, but because of the bigger screen
size the pixel density remains less in the Nexus 9.

The bigger addition is in the processor of the tablet. With the Nexus 9 Google
goes back to Nvbidia again for the processor. After the Nexus 7 (2012) which was
powered by the Nvidia Tegra processor, the search giant moved to Qualcomm
Snapdragon S4Pro processor for the 2013 tablet. IKt has not come back to Nvidia
with its latest intensive graphics capable Tegra K1 processor.

The new processor is 64-bit processing capable in contrast to the 32-bit capable
processor from last year. Though the supporting RAM still remains at 2 GB, this
still make the new tablet faster.

Check a spec by spec comparison in this table-


Specifications        Nexus 9                     Nexus 7 (2013)
Dimensions            153.6 x 228.2 x 7.9 mm      200 x 114 x 8.7 mm
Weight                425g (Wi-Fi), 436g (LTE)    290 g (Wi-Fi)299 g (LTE)
Thinness              7.9mm                       8.7 mm
Display size          8.9 inch                    7 inches
Display resolution    2048 x 1536 pixels281 ppi   1200 x 1920 pixels323 ppi
                      pixel density               pixel density
Display protection    Corning Gorilla Glass 3     Corning Gorilla Glass
Processor             2. .3 GHz 64-bit NVIDIA     1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon
                      Tegra K1 Dual Denver        S4Pro quad-core
Graphics processor    192-core Kepler GPU         Adreno 320
RAM                   2 GB                        2 GB
Internal memory       16 GB32 GB                  16 GB32 GB
Expandable memory     No                          No
Primary rear camera   8 megapixel                 5 megapixel
Secondary front       1.2 megapixel               1.2 megapixel
camera
Battery               Non-removable Li-Po 6700    Non-removable Li-Ion 3950
                      mAh                         mAh battery
Operating system      Android 5.0 Lollipop        Android OS, v4.3 (Jelly
                                                  Bean), upgradable to v4.4.4
                                                  (KitKat)
Wireless charging     Yes                         Yes
NFC                   Yes                         Yes
Price                 16 GB at $39932 GB without  16 GB at US$22932 GB at
                      LTE at $47932 GB with LTE   US$26932 GB (LTE model) at
                      at $599                     US$349

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of GOOGLE INC titled as "TWO-STEP
QUANTIZATION AND CODING METHOD AND APPARATUS"

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140044164, published on February 13, 2014, by GOOGLE INC, titled as "TWO-STEP
QUANTIZATION AND CODING METHOD AND APPARATUS" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Gu; Qunshan; (Hayward, CA) ; Xu; Yaowu; (Santa Clara, CA)
Assignee:  GOOGLE INC.
Mountain View
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Encoding and decoding a video image having a plurality of frames using a
two-step quantization and coding process are disclosed. A block of a frame are
encoded by identifying pixels having certain spatial characteristics, forming a
second block from the block while replacing the identified pixels with a single
pixel value, such as an average of the remaining original pixels. The second
block is encoded, such as by transformation and quantization, and placed into a
bitstream. The second block is decoded and subtracted from the original block to
generate a difference block. The difference block is encoded, such as by
quantization, and is placed in the bitstream. At a decoder, both blocks are
decoded and combined to reconstruct the original block."

The Patent was filed on August 9, 2012 under application No. 20140044164

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 \

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Google launches new Pixel phone at San Francisco event

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: SINGAPORE


SINGAPORE, Oct. 5 -- Oct 4 Alphabet Inc's Google on Tuesday announced a new "
Pixel" smartphone at an event on Tuesday, the company's latest effort to sell
consumers on a Google-branded device and to challenge Apple Inc's iPhone at the
high end of the $400 billion global market.


 The new phone starts at a price of $ 649, and Google is working with
exclusively with Verizon Communications in the United States, Google executives
said.
 Analysts predict the San Francisco product launch will also showcase other
Google hardware initiatives, including a voice-controlled speaker system called
Home to challenge Amazon.com Inc's Echo device, and a virtual reality headset.
 Google Home availabe for $129, includes free Six-month trial of ad-free
YouTube.
 Google hardware chief Rick Osterloh announced the Pixel phone shortly after the
event began, adding that the camera was the best available on a smartphone. The
new phone can get a 7-hour charge in 15 minutes, the company said.
 Pixel phones will come in black, blue and silver and will have 5 and 5.5 inch
(12.7 cm and 14 cm) screens.
 While most vendors other than Apple use Google's Android operating system, the
company has for years toyed with various approaches to building its own hardware
without alienating manufacturers.
 Google has sold Nexus phones since 2010, but the devices have gained little
traction in a market dominated by Samsung Electronics. Shares of Alphabet were
up about half a percent in midday New York trade. (Reporting by Julia Love,
additional writing by Peter Henderson; Editing by Bill Rigby and Alan Crosby)

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      October 3, 2016 Monday 02:49 PM EST

What to expect from Tuesday's big Google hardware event

BYLINE: Jon Gold

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 500  words


Click for image

We know that Google is set to release a slew of hardware Tuesday at an event in
San Francisco, including smartphones, smart home devices and even a new Wi-Fi
router. Here's what the leaks and rumors say about the specifics of the
company's big release day tomorrow.

Bye, bye, Nexus

Google is set to release the already-widely-leaked Pixel and Pixel XL
smartphones, which will boast flagship specs and run totally stock Android. It's
the same idea as the Nexus line of phones - top-end smartphones designed to
showcase the possibilities of the operating system free from the modifications
that OEMs impose on their own devices.

ALSO ON NETWORK WORLD: Tim Cook: Augmented reality will be an essential part of
your daily life, like the iPhone | U.S. cellular carriers charge too much, and
here's proof

It'll have a fingerprint scanner on the back, pack 4GB of RAM, and boast a 1440p
screen. That's a lot of, well, pixels. While Nexus devices used to be sold for
comparatively low prices, rumor has it that the Pixels will set you back just as
much as other flagships. That's not yet known for sure, however.

Google Home

Amazon's Alexa and Echo making as big a dent in the smart home/voice assistant
market as they have must have Google a little puzzled, but they're coming back
at this space in a big way, having already announced Google Home this spring at
I/O 2016. The company's expected to release the device, or at least give up a
definitive date for it to go on sale, at the event tomorrow.

Why-Fie

Google's already in the home Wi-Fi space with OnHub, a premium router designed
to be as simple as possible to set up and use. Android Police reported last
month, however, that the company's going to expand its presence and add a new
product, called simply "Google Wifi." It'll retail for about $130 and have
mesh-networking capabilities, which means that Google has designed it with an
eye towards the Internet of Things.

Daydream VR

Another thing Google teased at I/O 2016, Daydream is the company's entry into
the burgeoning consumer VR space. It works on the same principal as Google
Cardboard - basically, you stick your phone into a specialized headset, and a
clever app changes the view on your screen based on movements. Daydream adds a
simple hand control for navigation and interface.

It's not the same thing as sophisticated all-in-one systems like the HTC Vive or
Oculus Rift, but it does have one big advantage over those devices - the cost
could be as low as $80, compared to $600 for the Rift and $800 for the Vive.

MORE: Augmented & virtual reality bring the masses to Harvard

Chromecast Ultra

Chromecast, Google's handy little HDMI dongle that lets you stream stuff from
your computer or your phone to your TV, is changing its form a little bit. Where
it started off as a cheap ($35) gizmo with relatively limited functionality, the
forthcoming Chromecast Ultra will jack up the price to $70 and add some new
features, the biggest of which is probably rumored support for 4K video.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday

Google unveils new laptop

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


NEW YORK -- Google is introducing a $279 laptop that runs its Internet-centric
Chrome operating system, borrowing many of the high-end features found in models
that cost $1,000 or more.

Hewlett-Packard makes the new HP Chromebook 11. Although its price is in line
with most other Chrome OS notebooks, the new model sports many design features
found in pricier devices, including the $1,299 Chromebook Pixel.

Unlike Windows and Mac laptops, Chromebooks rely heavily on continuous Internet
connections to run Gmail, Google Docs and other online services. Many apps don't
run directly on the device but over the Internet. The devices also have
relatively little storage, as documents, photos and other files are supposed to
be stored online.

Google promotes Chromebooks as affordable laptops for a wide range of people,
including schoolchildren and merchants who can use Google's tools on the
Internet without the extra expense and hassle of installing more sophisticated
software such as Adobe's Photoshop photo-editing software or Microsoft's Office
word processing and spreadsheet package. Chromebooks come with a lightweight
photo editing package and Quickoffice, a Microsoft Office alternative that
Google bought last year.

The Chromebook 11 has a sleek, plastic frame with no sharp edges or corners --
or even screw holes. The speakers are tucked under the keyboard so sound comes
out toward the user, even when the laptop is on the user's lap. Devices with
speakers on the back or the bottom don't do that.

The new laptop's display measures 11.6 inches diagonally, the same as a popular
Chromebook model from Samsung Electronics. The Chromebook 11 weighs slightly
less, at 2.3 pounds, compared with 2.4 pounds for the Samsung model.

Caesar Sengupta, Google's vice president of product management for Chromebooks,
said HP approached Google after seeing the Pixel, which Google designed and made
on its own using an unnamed contract manufacturer.

He said Google and HP made a few trade-offs to keep the price low. The
Chromebook 11 doesn't have a touch screen, and the display's resolution isn't as
sharp as the Pixel's. The Chromebook 11 also uses a plastic frame rather than
metal, but there's magnesium underneath to keep the laptop sturdy. There's less
storage, too -- 16 gigabytes, compared with 32 gigabytes for the base model of
the Pixel.

In recognition of the growing popularity of smartphones and tablet computers,
the Chromebook 11 uses the same Micro-USB charger common in those mobile
devices. Other laptops typically come with their own charger, which Sengupta
described as yet another item that needs to be packed for weekend trips.

The Chromebook 11 is available starting Tuesday at Google's online Play store
and selected retailers, including Best Buy and Amazon. The laptop comes in white
or black. The white model has a choice of four accents around the keyboard and
under the device: blue, red, yellow and green.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

Google moves into hardware production with smartphone;
Firm to compete with Amazon, Apple, Facebook.

BYLINE: By Elizabeth Dwoskin and Craig Timberg

SECTION: ; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 882 words


Google's smartphone launch signals a major shift into the competitive world of
hardware design, production, sales and customer service.

SAN FRANCISCO - Software giant Google is beginning an aggressive foray into
hardware production with the launch Tuesday of a smart-phone and other devices
that will bring the company into direct competition with other leading tech
firms, including its longtime partner Samsung.

The launch signals a major shift for one of the world's most profitable
companies as it seeks to adapt to a technology landscape increasingly dominated
by mobile and other connected hardware. Google must find a way, analysts say, to
keep acquiring user data for targeting ads as Web search - traditionally done
from laptop or desktop computers - is supplanted by newer technologies.

Google's new smartphone, the Pixel, will employ artificial-intelligence
technology that users can converse with, allowing them to sidestep keyboards as
they access online information and make purchases such as movie tickets, say
people familiar with the company's plans who spoke on the condition of anonymity
to reveal information ahead of its official release. The company also plans to
release other new hardware, including a voice-based assistant for the home to
rival Amazon's Echo and a virtual-reality headset to rival Facebook's Oculus.

These moves push Google beyond its traditional comfort zone - industry-leading
online portals for Web search, and popular apps for email and maps - and into
the harshly competitive world of hardware design, production, sales and customer
service in which the company has only dabbled. The company has relied on
partners such as Samsung and Huawei to sell devices loaded with free Google
software, including the Android mobile operating system.

"Android is ubiquitous now, but as people shift into these new patterns for
interacting with the Web, Google has less and less reach," said Benedict Evans,
partner at the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. "They
have you for Web search, but not for the other things that you increasingly do.
This is both an existential and a strategic problem for Google."

The launch of the Pixel - which was to be heralded this week by prime-time
television ads during "Monday Night Football" and "The Voice," as well as
billboards and installations in London, Sydney, Berlin and New York - will test
Google's mettle in a new kind of business. The shift toward hardware also puts
the company on a collision course with Apple, Amazon and Facebook, and with
partners such as Samsung that have used Google's free Android software to build
their own global smartphone empires.

Samsung's Galaxy phones are the most popular high-end smartphones in the United
States after Apple's iPhone.

Free of dependence

Samsung and Google have engaged in a tug of war in recent years, each trying to
shake free of its dependence on the other, said people familiar with the
situation. Google in recent years has tested the hardware market, with a spotty
record, including limited efforts to sell its own line of smartphones, its
purchase (and later sale) of Motorola and release of other troubled products
such as Google Glass.

Samsung, meanwhile, has gone so far as building its own mobile operating system
and app marketplace, Tizen, as a hedge against the company's dependence on
Android.

Samsung declined to comment.

"Google's challenge is that Android's success has also been its greatest
weakness," said Jeffrey Hammond, principal analyst at Forrester.

The Android operating system is used by Samsung, Huawei, HTC and dozens of other
manufacturers. But Google's licensing deals with manufacturers - offering the
smartphone operating system and the popular Google Play Store app marketplace to
manufacturers only if they agree to bundle it with other Google apps - has
generated antitrust scrutiny in Europe.

It also has left Google with little control over the devices, opening them to
security flaws while hampering the company's ability to leverage the popularity
of Android as a path to other Google-provided services, such as the growing
market for artificial intelligence.

Many tech companies have tried and failed to produce smartphones. Smartphones
released by both Facebook and Amazon over the past two years have flopped.
Microsoft - another software giant that moved into the hardware business - sold
Nokia two years after buying it.

In 2011, Google bought smartphone maker Motorola for $12.5 billion and sold it
for less than a quarter of that amount three years later, reportedly because the
ownership of Motorola caused problems with its other manufacturer partners.

The Pixel will be manufactured by HTC and cost about $650, according to people
familiar with the company's plans, though different payment options will be
available.

The Pixel is also expected to be branded exclusively as a Google phone. This
stands in contrast to the packaging for Nexus phones, the largely obscure line
of Android phones that Google has produced with manufacturer partners since
2010, which had the names of both manufacturers and Google on its packaging.

Google's cash cow

Google plans to build out an extensive customer service and marketing operation
to accompany the Pixel devices, said individuals familiar with the company's
plans.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              472 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Google moves into hardware production with smartphone;
Firm to compete with Amazon, Apple, Facebook.

BYLINE: By Elizabeth Dwoskin and Craig Timberg

SECTION: ; Pg. SPB6

LENGTH: 882 words


Google's smartphone launch signals a major shift into the competitive world of
hardware design, production, sales and customer service.

SAN FRANCISCO - Software giant Google is beginning an aggressive foray into
hardware production with the launch Tuesday of a smart-phone and other devices
that will bring the company into direct competition with other leading tech
firms, including its longtime partner Samsung.

The launch signals a major shift for one of the world's most profitable
companies as it seeks to adapt to a technology landscape increasingly dominated
by mobile and other connected hardware. Google must find a way, analysts say, to
keep acquiring user data for targeting ads as Web search - traditionally done
from laptop or desktop computers - is supplanted by newer technologies.

Google's new smartphone, the Pixel, will employ artificial-intelligence
technology that users can converse with, allowing them to sidestep keyboards as
they access online information and make purchases such as movie tickets, say
people familiar with the company's plans who spoke on the condition of anonymity
to reveal information ahead of its official release. The company also plans to
release other new hardware, including a voice-based assistant for the home to
rival Amazon's Echo and a virtual-reality headset to rival Facebook's Oculus.

These moves push Google beyond its traditional comfort zone - industry-leading
online portals for Web search, and popular apps for email and maps - and into
the harshly competitive world of hardware design, production, sales and customer
service in which the company has only dabbled. The company has relied on
partners such as Samsung and Huawei to sell devices loaded with free Google
software, including the Android mobile operating system.

"Android is ubiquitous now, but as people shift into these new patterns for
interacting with the Web, Google has less and less reach," said Benedict Evans,
partner at the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. "They
have you for Web search, but not for the other things that you increasingly do.
This is both an existential and a strategic problem for Google."

The launch of the Pixel - which was to be heralded this week by prime-time
television ads during "Monday Night Football" and "The Voice," as well as
billboards and installations in London, Sydney, Berlin and New York - will test
Google's mettle in a new kind of business. The shift toward hardware also puts
the company on a collision course with Apple, Amazon and Facebook, and with
partners such as Samsung that have used Google's free Android software to build
their own global smartphone empires.

Samsung's Galaxy phones are the most popular high-end smartphones in the United
States after Apple's iPhone.

Free of dependence

Samsung and Google have engaged in a tug of war in recent years, each trying to
shake free of its dependence on the other, said people familiar with the
situation. Google in recent years has tested the hardware market, with a spotty
record, including limited efforts to sell its own line of smartphones, its
purchase (and later sale) of Motorola and release of other troubled products
such as Google Glass.

Samsung, meanwhile, has gone so far as building its own mobile operating system
and app marketplace, Tizen, as a hedge against the company's dependence on
Android.

Samsung declined to comment.

"Google's challenge is that Android's success has also been its greatest
weakness," said Jeffrey Hammond, principal analyst at Forrester.

The Android operating system is used by Samsung, Huawei, HTC and dozens of other
manufacturers. But Google's licensing deals with manufacturers - offering the
smartphone operating system and the popular Google Play Store app marketplace to
manufacturers only if they agree to bundle it with other Google apps - has
generated antitrust scrutiny in Europe.

It also has left Google with little control over the devices, opening them to
security flaws while hampering the company's ability to leverage the popularity
of Android as a path to other Google-provided services, such as the growing
market for artificial intelligence.

Many tech companies have tried and failed to produce smartphones. Smartphones
released by both Facebook and Amazon over the past two years have flopped.
Microsoft - another software giant that moved into the hardware business - sold
Nokia two years after buying it.

In 2011, Google bought smartphone maker Motorola for $12.5 billion and sold it
for less than a quarter of that amount three years later, reportedly because the
ownership of Motorola caused problems with its other manufacturer partners.

The Pixel will be manufactured by HTC and cost about $650, according to people
familiar with the company's plans, though different payment options will be
available.

The Pixel is also expected to be branded exclusively as a Google phone. This
stands in contrast to the packaging for Nexus phones, the largely obscure line
of Android phones that Google has produced with manufacturer partners since
2010, which had the names of both manufacturers and Google on its packaging.

Google's cash cow

Google plans to build out an extensive customer service and marketing operation
to accompany the Pixel devices, said individuals familiar with the company's
plans.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              473 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Analysis: Samsung's crisis a holiday gift to Google

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 742 words


As the world watches Samsung deal with the fallout from what could be the worst
smartphone launch in recent memory, there should be a smile on faces at Google
headquarters.

Samsung is a crucial Google partner for its Android mobile operating system.
Indeed, Android and Samsung have become almost synonymous for many consumers
these days -- something that Google may not particularly want for its open
mobile operating system. So perhaps to shift that perception, Google is trying
to stake its own claim to being the premier Android brand with its recent
introduction of its Pixel and Pixel XL.

Google is moving on the high-end smartphone world at a good time. Samsung, the
world's top-selling smartphone maker, is dealing with a potentially
brand-crushing crisis. First its new, top-of-the-line Galaxy Note 7 phones
caught on fire; now the replacement ones are reportedly exploding, too. The
Yonhap News Agency in South Korea reported eight cases of fires in replacement
phones, five in the United States, one in South Korea and another in Taiwan.

The fallout has been clear: Slightly more than a third of Samsung smartphone
owners said they would not buy another phone from the company after the Galaxy
Note 7 recall, according to a survey from brand consultant firm Branding Brand,
which conducted the poll before the replacements started catching on fire.

Meanwhile, Google's other rival in the mobile world -- Apple -- has been dogged
by complaints that it is lagging in innovation. Many analysts who expressed that
concern were not soothed by the latest iPhone, which took some small steps
forward but also controversially ditched the headphone jack.

Google went out of its way to mock the iPhone when it introduced the $769 Pixel,
noting that its brand-new smartphone is cutting edge but retains its headphone
jack. Google even bragged about its new shade of blue for its smartphone, which
could be read as a parody of Apple's genuine excitement over its new shade of
black.

But Samsung's slide, and the damage from its horrendous Galaxy Note 7 launch is
perhaps an even greater gift to Google. Many people have turned to Samsung
phones as the anti-iPhone preference of choice. With customers admitting they're
getting wary about other models of Samsung phones -- despite the fact that none
have had problems anywhere near the scale as the Note 7 -- Google's Pixel fits
neatly into whatever gap Samsung leaves behind. Compounding those woes even more
is the Galaxy battery fires are happening right before the holidays when
smartphone companies do their best business.

"I think Samsung in their rush to get out the next product obviously didn't
study it well enough and now they are suffering the consequences of that lack of
care," said Jeff Kagan, an Atlanta-area telecommunications analyst, in an email.
"This is devastating to Samsung and will continue to be devastating to Samsung."

While Samsung initially reported that the vast majority of Note 7 customers who
traded in their phones were choosing another Samsung phone, anecdotal reports
online indicate that is no longer the case. In fact, AT&T and T-Mobile said they
were going to stop exchanging the Note 7 phones even before Samsung confirmed
that it was halting all production of the phone.

Even Samsung said it can't fault them for that decision, in light of the
scattered reports that the replacement phones are suffering from the same heat
problems as the faulty phones they replaced. "We recognize that carrier partners
have stopped sales and exchanges of the Galaxy Note 7 in response to reports of
heat damage issues, and we respect their decision," Samsung said in a statement.

There's no guarantee Google will be able to swoop in and fill the gap
completely. The Pixel phones are only available through Verizon, unless shoppers
want to pay the full price for an unlocked version on Google's own store.
Verizon is the nation's largest carrier, but the exclusive arrangement may limit
sales.

Still, even if Google's own phone doesn't manage to be the iPhone alternative of
the holiday season, the company will still likely see other Android
manufacturers get a boost through the end of the year.

"While this is terrible news for Samsung, it may be great news for their
competitors," Kagan said. "LG, Moto, Huawei and many other Android smartphones
will quickly fill the gap left by this Samsung problem."

---

The Washington Post's Fred Barbash, and Anna Fifield from Tokyo contributed to
this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press The corporate logo of Samsung Electronics Co. in a
window at its shop in Seoul, South Korea. The fiasco of Samsung's fire-prone
Galaxy Note 7 smartphones -- and Samsung's stumbling response to the problem --
has left consumers from Shanghai to New York reconsidering how they feel about
the South Korean tech giant and its products. Google is moving on the high-end
smartphone world at a good time. Samsung, the world's top-selling smartphone
maker, is dealing with a potentially brand-crushing crisis. First its new,
top-of-the-line Galaxy Note 7 phones caught on fire; now the replacement ones
are reportedly exploding, too. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              474 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      January 7, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Google's Five Breakthroughs And Failures In 2013

LENGTH: 556  words


We bring to you Google's greatest hits and misses in the year gone by.

Tuesday, January 07, 2014: Last year was an eventful year for Google in more
than one way. The giant announced several gadgets and saw some major setbacks
too. For every Chromebook Pixel or Amazing Google+ GIF, there was a vaguely
dystopian off-note involving government intrusions or killer robots.

As stated on networkworld.com, here's taking a look at Google's greatest wins
and fails last year.

HITS

1. Chromecast - Google's Chromecast costing $35 is quite a simple and cheap
device that converts any TV into a web-streaming device through a simple click
of a button. Its deep integration with Android apps like Hulu Plus, Netflix, and
YouTube make it a good contender against competitors like Apple TV and Roku
boxes.

2. Waze -Google took over the crowd-sourced, commuter-focused navigation service
at $1 billion in July. It plans to keep Waze a separate entity for the time
being. However, Waze traffic information is already boosting Google products,
which include Maps and Google Now.

3. EFF report card and the fight for privacy -Google recently got high marks
from the Electronic Frontier Foundation for the extent to which the company
protects user data from prying eyes. Google and many other companies (including
Dropbox, Facebook, and SpiderOak), received five out of five stars for
implementing or making a promise to implement different encryption methods.

4. Chromebook Pixel - The Pixel has an aluminum body and high resolution display
that proves that Chromebooks can be more than cheap, plasticky machines.
However, PC makers raced to adopt the Chrome OS platform in the Pixel's wake, to
create affordable laptops, which made Google's browser-in-a-box more attractive
to budget PC buyers.

5. Street View Donkey - When a donkey was hit by Google's Street View Fleet and
there were rumours regarding the donkey getting injured, Google calmly explained
in a tongue-in-cheek blog post titled "Never ass-ume" that the Internet had got
it totally wrong and the donkey was not at all injured after its close encounter
with Google's Street View fleet.

MISSES

1. The Barge - Google's Barge was a bit more than a floating showroom but is now
on a hiatus till late 2014, while Google deals with design requests from the
U.S. Coast Guard.

2. Google Reader - Google terminated its RSS web app in July stating that it
didn't have ample users to justify its existence. It was a great utility tool
for anybody who wished to keep a tab on multiple blogs and websites in one spot.

3. Moto Maker - This app is a great tool aimed towards personalizing your Moto X
smartphone with just the right shade of blue. However, this was blown up as
Google's Moto Maker was exclusive to AT&T for nearly three months pushing Moto X
fans on competing carriers to make do with plain white or black handsets.

4. Google+ YouTube comments - A petition on Change.org has attracted over
225,000 supporters as of this writing, with most people complaining about the
loss of anonymity and the need to sign up for Google+.

5. Ads in mail's clothing - A short time after Google cleaned up its clients
Gmail accounts with tabs, it commenced inserting advertisements into their
inboxes which seemed suspiciously like regular mail messages. The ads appear
only under Promotions tab, paired with an ad label.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

New Google phone could include VR;
Company hints HTC device will accommodate headsets for its Daydream platform

BYLINE: Eli Blumenthal USA Today

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 566 words


Google is expected to reveal new phones Tuesday that will power a new virtual
reality platform and possibly other smart-home devices.

Now that the buzz has reached a football-stadium roar, here comes the hard part:
Living up to the hype.

Google has been teasing Tuesday's event in San Francisco as one for the history
books. A tweet Monday from Hiroshi Lockheimer, the company's senior
vice-president of Android, Chrome OS and Google Play, turned up the volume.

"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today," Lockheimer wrote in
the tweet that has been retweeted more than 2,200 times. "I have a feeling 8
years from now, we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

In the days since Google sent out the invitations to the media, the company has
set up a website, madeby.google.com, and put up large billboards in New York and
other cities featuring the silhouette of a phone centred around the hashtag,
#madebyGoogle.

Google has gone so far as to erect statues with the rectangle outline in
Brooklyn and Sydney, Australia.

What does this all point to? A likely candidate: New phones from manufacturer
HTC, taking on the Pixel brand the company used with its Chromebook and tablet
efforts. Rumours and leaks point to devices with large displays - five inches
for the Pixel and 5.5 inches for the larger Pixel XL, fast processors, improved
cameras and sleek aluminum and glass designs. Both phones are expected to have
headphone jacks, according to the website Android Police, which has provided
many of the leaked details around the phones and Google's event.

A Google spokesperson declined to comment.

It is through Pixel that Google will likely make its biggest play yet for
consumers when it comes to phones.

Mobile is also the path Google is taking as it preps its new virtual reality
platform called Daydream, foreshadowed at its May developer conference as a big
move up from the Google Cardboard-based VR experience that helped consumers
experience early VR at a low cost.

Google has said it will release new headsets for Daydream that will work with
powerful Android phones that have enough processing power to solve image delays.
That arrangement would follow a similar model to Samsung's Gear VR headsets that
work with certain Samsung phones.

The new platform puts Google into sharper competition with Facebook's Oculus,
the HTC Vive and Sony's forthcoming PlayStation VR, due for release the week
after Google's big event.

Stoking the competition between the two tech giants: Oculus has its own major
developer event the following day on Oct. 5.

In recent days, Facebook has faced some heat from software developers over
Oculus founder Palmer Luckey's financial backing of a pro-Donald Trump alt-right
group that has smeared presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.

Oculus' struggles could open a door for Google if Daydream lives up to the
growing hype. Since announcing the virtual-reality platform earlier this year
Google has provided few details on it.

Another area of major interest: Google Home, the Amazon Echo rival
smart-speaker. Whereas phones may be the emphasis for getting to users wherever
they go, Home is the target for keeping them connected to Google when they are
at home.

By integrating the company's artificial intelligence-powered Google Assistant,
users can do everything from control Internet-connected lights, adjust
thermostats or play music using nothing but their voice.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              476 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Google might have a Huawei-built 7-inch Android tablet on the way

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 211  words


Rumours are surfacing that a new tablet is on track to launch before the end of
the year.

Aside from to new smartphones expected to be released this year, rumours are
surfacing that Google will also soon announced a new 7-inch Android tablet.

According to tipster Evan Blass, a Google tablet built by Huawei with 4GB RAM is
"on track for release before the end of the year." We've already seen reports
recently that Google is closing off the Nexus smartphone line, in favour of a
new "Pixel" lineup of smartphones. The Pixel and Pixel XL are expected to be
announced at a Google event October 4 this year, though we've already seen
rumoured specifications for both smartphones.

However, some interesting facts point toward a possible revitalization of
Google's tablets under the same Nexus name. Phandroid pointed that Huawei
registered a trademark for the "Huawei 7P" earlier this year, and Tech Times
also speculated on possible specs for the device.

If indeed Google is attempting to rejuvenate its tablet lineup, it's a sorely
needed move, given that Android tablet sales have been flagging, aside from a
few exceptions like the Yoga Book.

Of course, while Evan Blass is known for his credible leak sources, we'll know
for sure once it's time for Google's October 4 event.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Google unveils two new smartphones and Android tablet

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 495 words


With the latest version of the iPhone barely out of the gate, Google is already
seeking to increase the competition in the smartphone market, unveiling two new
handsets and a Pixel C tablet.

The company unveiled its new handsets, with the Nexus 5X and the Nexus 6P
joining the lineup. These showcase the latest version of Android software,
dubbed Marshmallow.

Google opened preorders for the devices immediately, with Ireland among the
first group of countries to get the new phones, along with the US, UK and Japan.

The Nexus 6P comes with an all-metal body, a QHD display that has 518 pixels per
inch and the new USB Type C charger that has also made an appearance in the
Macbook. It supports quick charging, with 10 minutes of charging giving you up
to seven hours of battery life.

The phone is also going for the camera aficionados, with a 12.3 megapixel rear
camera and the addition of slow-motion video, a smart burst option, and instant
launch of the camera from the power button.

'Unprecedented' sensor

 "The new Nexus camera is great outdoors, but it's also optimised for indoor
photography," Google's vice president of engineering Dave Burke said, pointing
out three ways Google had done so: pixel size, fast laser detect autofocus, and
improved HDR.

The sensor used in the camera was "unprecedented" in a mobile phone, having been
originally designed for camcorders.

The sequel to the Nexus 5, Google's most popular Nexus handset, the 5X comes
with a 5.2 inch 1080 display, and is powered by a Snapdragon 808 processor. It
comes in 16GB and 32GB varieties, and comes in at the more affordable end of the
scale.

Both handsets include support for fingerprint security, with a sensor on the
rear of the phone known as Nexus Imprint.

Emerging economies

Google said Android now has 1.4 billion 30-day active devices, with growth seen
in emerging economies doubling in places like Vietnam. Its Google Play store has
one billion monthly active users.

"We're well on our way to bringing the next billion users online," said Google
chief executive Sundar Pichai.

Google also revealed the first Android tablet it has built, the Pixel C, that
has an optional smart keyboard that attaches to the back of the device when not
in use.

Mr Burke said Android Marshmallow had brought Google back to basics to polish
and improve the operating system, bringing fast access to voice commands, a
charging speed indicator to indicate if it's in fast charge mode or not, and
improvements to the user interface.

Voice interaction capabilities have been extended to third party apps.

Google's Chromecast is also getting a few tweaks with a new look that brings an
integrated HDMI cable, higher video resolution and lower buffering. Google said
more than 209 million Chromecast devices had been sold since its introduction in
July 2013.

Google also announced the Chromecast Audio, which will stream audio to your
regular speakers simply by hooking up the 3.5mm cable to your existing speakers.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on July 15 titled as "Video
compression and encoding method"

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,780,992 on
July 15, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Video compression and
encoding method"

Inventors:  Ameres; Eric (Cohoes, NY), Bankoski; James (Wynantskill, NY),
Grange; Adrian W (Cambridgeshire, GB), Murphy; Tim (New York, NY), Wilkins; Paul
G (Cambridge, GB), Xu; Yaowu (San Diego, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed herein is a method for decoding a video signal having at least one
frame with a plurality of blocks including a current block, including
generating, for at least a selected pixel in the current block, a predicted
value for at least one pixel located in a row i and a column j of the current
block using a processor and according to the following equation:
X.sub.ij=L.sub.i+A.sub.j-C; wherein X.sub.ij is the predicted value, L.sub.i is
the value of a pixel to the left of the current block, A.sub.j is the value of a
pixel in a row above the current block and C is the value of a pixel in the row
above and the column to the left of the current block and decoding the current
block using the predicted value."

The patent was filed on September 14, 2012 Application no. 13/617,769

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on April 22 titled as "Video
compression and encoding method"

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,705,625 on
April 22, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Video compression and
encoding method"

Inventors:  Ameres; Eric (Cohoes, NY), Bankoski; James (Wynantskill, NY),
Grange; Adrian W (Cambridgeshire, GB), Murphy; Tim (New York, NY), Wilkins; Paul
G (Cambridge, GB), Xu; Yaowu (San Diego, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed herein is a method for decoding a video signal having at least one
frame with a plurality of blocks including a current block, including
generating, for at least a selected pixel in the current block, a predicted
value for at least one pixel located in a row i and a column j of the current
block using a processor and according to the following equation:
X.sub.ij=L.sub.i+A.sub.j-C; wherein X.sub.ij is the predicted value, L.sub.i is
the value of a pixel to the left of the current block, A.sub.j is the value of a
pixel in a row above the current block and C is the value of a pixel in the row
above and the column to the left of the current block and decoding the current
block using the predicted value."

The patent was filed on September 14, 2012 Application no. 13/617,805

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Google Inc (California) on March 04 titled as "Video
compression and encoding method"

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,665,951 on
March 04, 2014, to Google Inc (California), titled as "Video compression and
encoding method"

Inventors:  Ameres; Eric (Cohoes, NY), Bankoski; James (Wynantskill, NY),
Grange; Adrian W (Cambridgeshire, GB), Murphy; Tim (New York, NY), Wilkins; Paul
G (Cambridge, GB), Xu; Yaowu (San Diego, CA)
Assignee:  Google Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed herein is a method for decoding a video signal having at least one
frame with a plurality of blocks including a current block, including
generating, for at least a selected pixel in the current block, a predicted
value for at least one pixel located in a row i and a column j of the current
block using a processor and according to the following equation:
X.sub.ij=L.sub.i+A.sub.j-C; wherein X.sub.ij is the predicted value, L.sub.i is
the value of a pixel to the left of the current block, A.sub.j is the value of a
pixel in a row above the current block and C is the value of a pixel in the row
above and the column to the left of the current block and decoding the current
block using the predicted value."

The patent was filed on September 14, 2012 Application no. 13/617,864

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Google, Inc (California) on January 21 titled as "Video
compression and encoding method"

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,634,464 on
January 21, 2014, to Google, Inc (California), titled as "Video compression and
encoding method"

Inventors:  Ameres; Eric (Cohoes, NY), Bankoski; James (Wynantskill, NY),
Grange; Adrian W (Cambridgeshire, GB), Murphy; Tim (New York, NY), Wilkins; Paul
G (Cambridge, GB), Xu; Yaowu (San Diego, CA)
Assignee:  Google, Inc. (Mountain View, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed herein is a method for decoding a video signal having at least one
frame with a plurality of blocks including a current block, including
generating, for at least a selected pixel in the current block, a predicted
value for at least one pixel located in a row i and a column j of the current
block using a processor and according to the following equation:
X.sub.ij=L.sub.i+A.sub.j-C; wherein X.sub.ij is the predicted value, L.sub.i is
the value of a pixel to the left of the current block, A.sub.j is the value of a
pixel in a row above the current block and C is the value of a pixel in the row
above and the column to the left of the current block and decoding the current
block using the predicted value."

The patent was filed on September 14, 2012 Application no. 13/617,834

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                             March 3, 2007 Saturday

VIEW from the top

BYLINE: Dave Bullard and Danny Gorog

SECTION: WEEKENDER; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 930  words


The Earth can groove for you too. All you need is a computer and Google, as Dave
Bullard and Danny Gorog discover.

To see Earth from the air is a wonderful thing - a privilege we've only had in
the past three or four generations.

But these days anyone with a computer and internet access can see every
kilometre of the world through Google Earth.

And see it in breathtaking detail.

For instance, if you zoom in on Cairns, you can - and this is probably the first
thing any user does - check out your home.

Chances are, you'll be able to see the pile of dirt in the driveway your wife's
been nagging you to get rid of.

Google Earth (GE) is an application that you download to your PC or Mac.

When you launch it, it connects to Google's data servers and gives you access to
a view of the globe made up of composite images from several aerial and
satellite photography sources, plus Geographic Information Systems (GIS).

On January 8, Google launched version 4.0 of the program, taking it even
further.

It's all a long way from the first aerial photograph, taken in 1858 by Felix
Tournachon from a balloon flying over France's Bievre Valley.

Or the first picture of Earth from space, which was taken in 1960 by the TIROS-1
weather satellite.

Both media have been developed over the years to a point that beggars belief.

For example, DigitalGlobe's QuickBird satellite allows commercial users to see
objects on the ground as small as 60cm. And we don't know how much more advanced
military satellites are.

Google Earth isn't as precise, but still has a base resolution of 15 metres per
pixel, and thousands of cities have high-resolution imagery greater than 1m per
pixel which provides an aerial view of about 460m.

In fact, it's still so sensitive and so handy to anyone's enemies that Google is
now under pressure to blur some areas of strategic importance.

A recent Times of India report said the Indian government was asking for
sensitive areas to have an image resolution no greater than 25 to 50m per pixel.

Apparently Australia, Russia, South Korea and Thailand are also demanding Google
blur sensitive images.

There are several ways of finding what you're looking for in Google Earth. You
can search for map co-ordinates, place names (such as Cairns, Australia) or just
browse by spinning the globe and zooming in and out.

It's amazing what you can find.

In Australia Google has partnered with TrueLocal to make finding local
businesses easy.

You can click on the "Find Businesses" tab in the search box and type "pizza"
and "Cairns, Australia" to get a listing of local pizza restaurants. When GE
finds the location you'll also get all the contact info.

Your browsing can be made easier by activating information layers such as
country borders, populated areas, topographical information, and social and
population data.

The Geographic Web overlay, for example, will show certain icons that, when
clicked, can take you to a description of a place or even a series of
photographs.

Placemarks let you "bookmark" locations you want to return to. These marks,
which you can give your own names to, also contain co-ordinates and will show up
in your "Places" window. When you've found what you're looking for, you'll need
to rotate the view to get it upright.

If you keep the images rotated to the default North, some will look upside down.

You can export and print the images you find at 1000-pixel resolution, which
gives roughly a 20cmx14cm (8x6 inch) image at 150dpi, or a 2.8MB file size.

One of the great new features in GE 4 is support of 3D models. To see how this
works type in "New York" and make sure you have the "3D" layer turned on.

New York should appear in 3D with realistic-looking buildings. You can then use
the tilt features in GE to change your viewing angle.

Lots of people are discovering secret archaeological treasures from around the
world. Recently somebody found what looks to be the remains of a Roman city
underwater (www.20minutos.es/noticia/199121/1/pueblo/romano/Google).

It's an amazing program with endless possibilities - so what are you waiting
for?


And it won'g cost you the Earth

The basic version of Google Earth is free, but you can get enhanced and
professional versions for an annual fee.

For $26, Google Earth Plus gives you higher performance, 1400-pixel printing,
real-time GPS tracking and data import from Magellan and Garmin devices,
100-point spreadsheet data import and email support.

The Pro version, which will set you back $512 a year, adds even faster
performance, 4800-pixel saving and printing, 2500-point data import, chat
support, a movie-maker and the ability to import Geographic Information System
(GIS) data.

Download Google Earth from www.google.com/earth


Get an eagle-eyed view of Cairns from the Google Earth satellite.

1. There's nothing to disturb the serenity when driving along the Mossman and
Daintree roads.

2. The Cairns Esplanade - unfortunately, the satellite doesn't zoom in on
backpackers sunning themselves!

3. If you live on Graham Road on the Tableland, this is what your farm looks
like.

4. With a shoreline of 210km, Lake Tinaroo is impressive while Lake Barrine can
be spotted in the bottom right corner.

5. Trinity Inlet's juxtaposition of busy Cairns on the left and rainforest on
the right.

6. A patchwork of farms on the Atherton Tableland.

7. A cloudy day on the tip of Australia, Cape York.

8. There's plenty of space on Kamerunga Road.

9. A snapshot of the Low Isles (the green indicates the program doesn't have the
latest images for this area).

10. You can even guess the name of the red airliner from this image of the
Cairns airport.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCP


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           October 9, 2013 Wednesday

Google unveils $279 Chrome laptop made by HP

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 497 words


NEW YORK (AP) Google is introducing a $279 laptop that runs its Internet-centric
Chrome operating system, borrowing many of the high-end features found in models
that cost $1,000 or more.

Hewlett-Packard Co. makes the new HP Chromebook 11. Although its price is in
line with most other Chrome OS notebooks, the new model sports many design
features found in pricier devices, including the $1,299 Chromebook Pixel.

Unlike Windows and Mac laptops, Chromebooks rely heavily on continuous Internet
connections to run Gmail, Google Docs and other online services. Many apps don't
run directly on the device but over the Internet. The devices also have
relatively little storage, as documents, photos and other files are supposed to
be stored online.

Google promotes Chromebooks as affordable laptops for a wide range of people,
including schoolchildren and merchants who can use Google's tools on the
Internet without the extra expense and hassle of installing more sophisticated
software such as Adobe's Photoshop photo-editing software or Microsoft's Office
word processing and spreadsheet package. Chromebooks come with a lightweight
photo editing package and Quickoffice, a Microsoft Office alternative that
Google bought in last year.

The Chromebook 11 has a sleek, plastic frame with no sharp edges or corners or
even screw holes. The speakers are tucked under the keyboard so sound comes out
toward the user, even when the laptop is on the user's lap. Devices with
speakers on the back or the bottom don't do that.

The new laptop's display measures 11.6 inches (29 centimeters) diagonally, the
same as a popular Chromebook model from Samsung Electronics Co. The Chromebook
11 weighs slightly less, at 2.3 pounds (1.04 kilograms), compared with 2.4
pounds (1.09 kilograms) for the Samsung model.

Caesar Sengupta, Google's vice president of product management for Chromebooks,
said HP approached Google after seeing the Pixel, which Google designed and made
on its own using an unnamed contract manufacturer.

He said Google and HP made a few trade-offs to keep the price low. The
Chromebook 11 doesn't have a touch screen, and the display's resolution isn't as
sharp as the Pixel's. The Chromebook 11 also uses a plastic frame rather than
metal, but there's magnesium underneath to keep the laptop sturdy. There's less
storage, too 16 gigabytes, compared with 32 gigabytes for the base model of the
Pixel.

In recognition of the growing popularity of smartphones and tablet computers,
the Chromebook 11 uses the same Micro-USB charger common in those mobile
devices. Other laptops typically come with their own charger, which Sengupta
described as yet another item that needs to be packed for weekend trips.

The Chromebook 11 is available starting Tuesday at Google's online Play store
and selected retailers, including Best Buy and Amazon. The laptop comes in white
or black. The white model has a choice of four accents around the keyboard and
under the device: blue, red, yellow and green.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Malaysia's top 10 Trending Searches on Google

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 244 words


Week: Oct 7-13, 2016

1 HURRICANE MATTHEW

Hurricane Matthew caused loss of life and displaced several thousand in the US
southeastern coast and North Carolina.

2. BUSAN

The 21st Busan International Film Festival (BIFF) took place on Oct 4 but
hurricane Chaba hit landfall the very next day, causing massive devastation to
this coastal city.

3 GEGAR VAGANZA 2016

This singing competition returns for the third season with 12 established local
artists vying for the grand prize of RM100,000.

4 GOOGLE PIXEL

The Google-made Android smartphone, Google Pixel and Pixel XL, officially
debuted in six countries on Oct 5.

5 FAYE KUSAIRI

The local actress recently admitted to the rumours about her relationship with
Azmi Hatta, the ex-husband of singer Elly Mazlein.

6 WESTWORLD

This 10-episode science fiction TV series created by Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy
for HBO, premiered on Oct 2. Evan Rachel Wood (pic) stars.

7 MISS PEREGRINE

This fantasy film directed by Tim Burton opened in local cinemas on Sept 30.

8 REMO

It premiered in local cinemas on oct 7. This Tamil romantic comedy film stars
Sivakarthikeyan and Keerthy Suresh.

9 KIM KARDASHIAN

Following the robbery incident in Paris, E! Network confirmed that the reality
star's TV show, Keeping Up With The Kardashians will be on hold.

10 MAXIS IPHONE 7

Maxis announced the start of pre-orders for the highly anticipated IPhone 7 in
Malaysia, as well as their promise of 24-hour delivery service for a selected
number of buyers.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BOTS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday

Google aims at Apple with new Nexus phone, tablets

BYLINE: Javed Anwer

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 763 words


NEW DELHI: Google announced two new tablets and a new smartphone on Monday,
aiming to take on Apple's iPhone and iPad in the smartphone and tablet market.
Incidentally, the announcement came around half an hour before Microsoft was
supposed to kick off its Windows Phone event in San Francisco.

The devices launched under the brand name Nexus, which is Google's way of
differentiating its products from other devices powered by Android. Nexus 4,
which would replace Galaxy Nexus as 'pure' Android phone, was the highlight of
the lot that Nexus 10, a 10-inch tablet, and an updated model of Nexus 7.

Nexus 4 has been built by Google in partnership with LG. It is powered by a
quad-core processor running at 1.5 Ghz and Adreno 320 graphics chip. The phone
has a 4.7-inch IPS screen with a resolution of 1280 x 768 pixels. It has two
cameras - 8 mega pixels primary camera and 1.3 mega pixels front camera. The
phone has 2GB RAM. In terms of internal storage, the device will come with
either 8GB storage or 16GB. It doesn't support microSD cards.

The highlight feature of Nexus 4, apart from its stellar hardware, is the back
cover made of glass. Though it is likely that the use of glass may make the
device more susceptible to damage. It also lacks LTE or 4G compatibility, which
is a standard feature in high-end phones nowadays.

"This is the first time we collaborated with LG to build a Nexus device," Andy
Rubin, senior vice president of mobile and digital content at Google, said in a
press release. "They brought an extraordinary amount of talent to the project,
and the result is a feature-packed device that feels great in your hand, and
blazingly fast under the hood."

"LG is proud and excited to play this role in helping build the latest Nexus
smart-phone," said Jong-seok Park, president and CEO of LG's mobile division.

According to Google, the device will be available in 8GB version and a 16GB
version on Google Play store starting November 13 in the US, UK, Canada,
Germany, France, Spain and Australia. Offline availability in Europe,
Central/South Americas, Asia, CIS and the Middle East will begin from the end of
November.

For a flagship Android phone, Nexus 4 has been priced very aggressively. The 8GB
model will cost $299 while the 16GB model will have a price of $349.

However, at the moment it is not clear when the phone will launch in India. So
far Nexus S is the only Nexus device to launch in India. That too had arrived
here several months after the global launch and was available only in limited
quantities.

This has disappointed many Android fans in India.

"It is disappointing that Google's Nexus devices don't come here in India. Nexus
devices are the only Android devices on which we can enjoy pure Android
experience. These devices also get timely software updates from Google," Kamal
Tekwani told TOI. "Compared to Google, nowadays even Apple is releasing products
faster in India."

Focus on tablets

Apart from launching a new flagship phone, Google also unveiled a 10-inch tablet
to take on Apple's iPad. While the price of the tablet -- Nexus 10 -- starts at
just $399, it packs in the state-of-the-art hardware. The tablet has a screen
with resolution of 2,560 x 1,600 pixels, which comfortably puts it ahead of iPad
4, which has a resolution of 2048 x 1536 pixels, in terms of pixel density.
Though iPad still has the advantage of better apps.

It is powered by Exynos 5250 dual-core CPU running it 1.7Ghz and Mali T604
graphics chip. This CPU is based on ARM's A15 architecture and hence is likely
to be faster than most of the quad-core mobile processors available in the
market at the moment. The tablet has 2GB RAM, a 5MP primary camera and 1.9MP
front camera.

Nexus 10 only supports Wi-Fi. For now there is no model that works with 3G or 4G
connectivity.

Along with the new tablet, Google also updated Nexus 7 tablet. It announced a
new model with 32GB storage and support for mobile connectivity. This will cost
$299, $49 more than the 32GB (Wi-Fi) model.

All new Nexus device will be powered by Android 4.2. While the operating system
has been updated, Google is still calling it Jelly Bean. Android 4.2 has new
features like support for multiple users on tablets, gesture typing (similar to
SWYPE keyboard) and a host of other minor improvements.

Update: Apart from introducing a new Nexus 7, Google also killed Nexus 7 (8GB)
model. It reduced the price of Nexus 7 (16GB) model to $199 from $249 and
introduced a new Nexus 7 (32GB) with a price of $299. None of these tablets are
available in India at the moment.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            September 1, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Gadget fix;
SLIMMER, FASTER, LOUDER

SECTION: SUNDAY;FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 393 words


SLIM PICKINGS

***************

Google Nexus 7

Faster, lighter and thinner is a mantra Google's engineers obviously had at the
front of their minds when it came to updating the Nexus 7. The design has been
slimmed down but processor speed, screen resolution and memory have all been
boosted in an attempt to stay one step ahead. Google claims the new device has a
class-leading 192200 pixel screen with a pixel density of 323 pixels per inch.
Battery life is another area to benefit with up to 10 hours of uninterrupted
browsing. It has a 5-megapixel rear camera for taking photographs and
1.2-megapixel one on the front for video calls. The wi-fi only version is
expected to launch later this year with a 4G model following soon after. Buyers
will be able to choose between 16GB ((EURO)230 estimated) or the 32GB and 32GB
((EURO)270 estimated) memory.

(EURO)TBC, www.google.co.uk

TOP GADGET

MASTER BLASTER

******************

Sony SRS-BTX500 Bluetooth speaker

Word of warning if you are thinking of purchasing Sony's latest Bluetooth
speaker - - don't settle down to dinner with the volume turned up full if you
are of a nervous disposition. Pairing this device to your Bluetoothenabled
gadgets is a simple one-button process, so it's easy to forget your phone could
blurt into life at ear-drum shattering volumes. When it's playing music rather
than scaring the life out of people, Sony's 40-watt unit sounds impressive.
Decent bass and clarity as well as exceptional build quality make this one of
the most desirable wireless speakers around. It weighs in at around 2kg and the
battery lasts up to six hours between charges.

(EURO)349, www.sony.ie

ACTION STATIONS

****************

Garmin VIRB and VIRB Elite

GoPro's hold on the action camera market is under threat. Garmin has been making
GPS devices since the late 1980s but some recent models incorporate cameras. The
VIRB and VIRB Elite shoot three hours of 1080p highdefinition footage and
include image stabilisation, lens distortion correction and time-lapse slow
motion. They feature an ambient-lit, 1.4-inch colour screen that lets users
frame shots and review footage. Waterproof to one metre, they can also be fitted
to a range of mounts that attach to helmets, handlebars or boards. The Elite
model comes with wi-fi, GPS, an accelerometer and altimeter.

(EURO)315 (VIRB) (EURO)400 (VIRB Elite), www.garmin.com/en-IE

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Google captures smartphone market as 9 out of 10 devices use Android: Report;
With the decline of Apple's iOS, global tech giant Google with its Android OS is
said to have a record market share in Quarter 3 this year. The post Google
captures smartphone market as 9 out of 10 devices use Android: Report appeared
first on The Fina...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 384  words


With the decline of Apple's iOS, global tech giant Google with its Android OS is
said to have a record market share in Quarter 3 this year. According to a
research, the operating system has grabbed 87.5 % of the smartphone market all
over the world, in the three months till September 2016. The analytical research
was posted by Strategy Analytics. According to the research total number of
Android smartphone shipments globally were more than 328 million devices out of
a total smartphone shipment of 375 million units, in the third quarter of 2016.
Meanwhile, Apple iOS managed only a little over 45 million units. Android grew
by 10.3 percent since last year Q3, while iOS went down by 5.2 percent. This
result for Apple was also evident in Apple's latest earnings results, where it
said that there was a continuous decline in iPhone sales for the third quarter.
According to their results, Apple iOS market share was 12.1 percent in Q3, down
from 13.6 percent in 2015.

Meanwhile, other operating systems like Windows, Blackberry and Samsung's Tizen
have had negligible sales, as together they amounted to only 0.3 percent of the
market, which is 1.3 million units shipments. This result is down by a huge 84
percent year-to-year. The reason for Android sales being higher every year is
also because of low-cost smartphones being made in China. At the moment the lead
is very big and Google can enjoy it for a moment, but according to the research,
it will have tough challenges ahead. Woody Oh, director at Strategy Analytics
said, "Android's leadership of the global smartphone market looks unassailable
at the moment. Its low-cost services and user-friendly software remain
attractive to hardware makers, operators and consumers worldwide. Woody added,
"However, several challenges remain for Google. The Android platform is getting
overcrowded with hundreds of manufacturers, few Android device vendors make
profits, and Google's new Pixel range is attacking its own hardware partners
that made Android popular in the first place."

Google, in October, released its latest offerings, Google Pixel and Pixel XL,
which made a lot of smartphone makers which run Android, angry. Since the report
is until September, when Apple just released its new iPhone 7 and 7Plus, their
records are to get better as well.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       April 4, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Google Working On Android-Based Laptop: Report

BYLINE: Aadeetya S, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 335  words


The Android running notebooks are expected to be launched by end of this year.

Thursday, April 04, 2013: After recently entering the hardware segment with its
Chrome OS running Chromebook Pixel touchscreen laptop, Google is reportedly
working on an Android-based notebook, dubbed as Androidbook.

According to Digitimes (http://www.digitimes.com/news/a20130328PD205.html), the
search-engine giant is eyeing the highly successful mobile and tablet platform
and planning to incorporate the same on notebooks/laptops as well. The report
does not talk about hardware specs of the device in particular, but it is
assumed that Google will be looking to adopt Chromebook-like features on the
Androidbook as well.

The chances of Androidbook becoming a reality gained further strength, when the
search-engine giant put Sundar Pichai, head of Chrome to head the Android
division as well. Pichai's know-how will enable Google to accelerate its
penetration in the PC/laptop segment with its Chromebooks and rumoured
Androidbooks.

Chromebooks may have been around for more than three years but in terms of
penetration, the Chrome-OS running device is only available in selected
countries. "The notebooks will run a version of Android that is more suited for
more intense activities and brings productivity suites that befit a PC. Google's
Android-based notebooks (or Androidbooks, as the report calls it) may show up in
stores at the end of the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter."

Earlier this year, Google had launched its Chromebook Pixel laptop, which has
been designed by Google, making it the first high-end Chrome laptop in the
world.

Chromebook Pixel sports a 30.4-cm (12.9-inch) touch display with a resolution of
2560x1700p. The device runs on Chrome OS and is powered by an Intel Core i5
processor, coupled with 4 GB RAM and five hours of battery. Options like USB 2.0
ports, Mini DisplayPort, 3.5mm headset jack, SD card slot, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 3.0,
and HD webcam are all fitted. The Pixel is selling for $1,299.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2013 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                        June 23, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Block & Leviton LLP Investigates Misleading Advertisements and Breaches of
Contract by Google and Verizon in Connection with Sales of Chromebook Pixel

LENGTH: 183  words


June 23 -- Block & Leviton LLP a Boston-based law firm representing consumers
nationwide, has commenced an investigation into potential breaches of contract,
fraudulent misrepresentations, and/or violations of state consumer protection
laws committed by Google, Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and Verizon Communications, Inc.
(NYSE: VZ). The investigation relates to Google and Verizon's failure to honor
promises made to purchasers of Google's Chromebook Pixel computers about the
terms of free data plans provided with the Chromebooks.



When Google began selling the Chromebook Pixel in April 2013, the product was
advertised as coming with a free two-year mobile broadband plan from Verizon,
providing up to 100 MB of free data per month. According to several reports on
June 23, 2014, however, Verizon began disconnecting customers in April 2014 and
informing them that their free data plans expired after one year.

Block & Leviton's investigation seeks to determine, among other things, whether
Google and/or Verizon violated any state consumer protection laws or breached
any duties owed to their customers.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Tech-a-byte: Weekly news roundup

LENGTH: 433  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 28 -- Google might be working on its own Android phone
 Most of the big smartphone launches of the year are over, and the ones left to
watch out for are the next iPhone and Google's Nexus devices. While rumour-land
is has seen a lot of speculation about the Nexus phones this year being made by
HTC, a recent report in The Telegraph suggests Google may also be building its
own device without an external hardware partner, in a bid to address the
fragmentation of Android that has developed as a result of manufacturers toying
with the software and not providing reasonable updates to their devices. This
news follows other rumours that mentioned Google may take direct control over
smartphones with a high-end 'Pixel' phone (such as the Chromebook Pixel and
Pixel C tablet) to rival the iPhone. However, Google has extended no
confirmation on this front, so this might well be more wishful thinking.


 Facebook debuts Slideshow feature
 iPhone users who upload a lot of photos to Facebook might soon find themselves
presented with an option to convert them into a slideshow. The new feature from
Facebook will include transitions and background music to the pictures, and can
be auto-generated and edited later. The company has been struggling to get users
to upload more personal data, and the slideshow feature is seen as a step in
this direction. When the feature will be made available for Android devices is
uncertain.
 Apple may launch three phones this year
 After staying away from hardware announcements and focusing on macOS Sierra and
upgrades to Siri for WWDC, Apple is now said to be working on launching three
phones this coming September, with a Pro version joining the iPhone 7 and Plus
variants. This year's update might also be an incremental one, with reports of
Apple going for a major overhaul for next year's iPhone (which would mark the
10th anniversary of the device) also doing the rounds. The 2017 iPhone may
tinker with an edge-to-edge display and a fingerprint sensor built onto it.
 BitTorrent launches music streaming app, and it's legal
 The torrent downloading client made by BitTorrent has been a tool used for many
downloads of questionable legality, and the company has been making efforts to
launch other services over the years. The latest is BitTorrent Now, a music
streaming service available on web and Android (iOS support is said to be in the
pipeline). The service lets users stream music and videos, and seeks to set
itself apart from services like Spotify and SoundCloud with a focus on
independent and underground music over mainstream titles.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Nexus phones might get Pixel's fingerprint gestures

LENGTH: 182  words


Pixel's fingerprint gestures might just make it to last year's Nexus devices

Google Nexus 6P and 5X owners might be getting access to the new fingerprint
gesture feature found on Google's new Pixel phone, thanks to a new report.

According to reports, a Google spokesperson has stated the company is
"evaluating" plans to release a future firmware update to the 6P and 5X that
would add support for fingerprint scanner gestures. This news follows a
statement from Google team member Ian Lake who mentioned that the feature might
soon come to Nexus devices. He had stated earlier that the 6P and the 5X wont
get the features due to missing hardware, but he stated today that it might a
matter of firmware so an update might be the solution.

However, these reports are not solid, as Google hasnt given any timeline for
when the update would be released or if it will be released at all. Simply put,
Nexus users are advised not to keep hopes high, however, the statement does
indicate that Google is listening to feedback from Nexus users.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/22/147810235232.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 29, 2015 Tuesday 10:15 PM GMT

Google unveils new Nexus smartphones and Pixel C tablet

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 288 words


Google has confirmed the upcoming launch of two new smartphones from its Nexus
line, as well as a tablet called the Pixel C.

The Nexus 5X has been made by LG, and comes with a 5.2in screen, updating the
Nexus 5 - one of the firm's most popular devices.

Google also announced the Nexus 6P, a larger smartphone made by Chinese firm
Huawei, with a 5.7in ultra high definition screen.

The 5X will start at £339 while the 6P will start at £449, with pre-orders
beginning on Tuesday, Google confirmed.

The technology giant also confirmed a new version of its Chromecast streaming
device, as well as a new version that plugs into home stereo systems called
Chromecast Audio. This will enable users to stream music from a mobile device
through their home speakers.

The Pixel C is the first time Google has built a tablet itself, and comes with a
full-size keyboard.

Apple recently launched the iPad Pro, a tablet that also comes with its own
keyboard. Though only a sneak peek was offered, Google confirmed the tablet will
be available later this year.

Google's Dave Burke called the 5X an update to the "much loved" and "iconic"
Nexus 5 released in 2013.

The larger 6P is the first Google smartphone to have a full metal body, and a
12.3 megapixel rear-facing camera. It also has Nexus Imprint, a fingerprint
scanner, built into the back of the phone.

Both phones will run Google's latest version of the Android operating system,
Marshmallow, which has improved battery life on devices by up to 30%, Google
claims.

The host of announcements is the latest in a busy month for the technology
industry, after new smartphones from Apple, Huawei and Sony, as well as
smartwatches from LG and Apple's latest version of the iPad, the iPad Pro.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Chromebook Pixel 2 coming soon!

SECTION: PCS, NOTEBOOKS, WORKSTATIONS; Products/Brands/Services

LENGTH: 195 words



HIGHLIGHT: Proof of Concept will be available to developers.


Google is reportedly planning to release its second generation Chromebook Pixel
dubbed Chromebook Pixel 2.

OMG!CHROME! cited Google's Renee Niemi as saying: "We do have a new Pixel coming
out and it will be coming out soon.

"We will be selling it but I just have to set your expectations: this is a
development platform. This is really a proof of concept. We don't make very many
of these -- we really don't."

The report suggests that the company will be making limited units of the new
device which will be sold to developers.

It is likely to have a similar design as that of the Chromebook Pixel, which is
expected to cut additional design and manufacturing costs, reported the
publication.

The first generation Chromebook pixel featured a touch-screen with the highest
pixel density of any laptop and was capable of ruining Ubuntu and Android OS.

The Chromebook Pixel 2 will have 12.85-inch screen and is likely to feature
reversible 'Type-C' USB ports, which is expected to provide up to 10 Gbps of
data transfer speed.

It is also likely to feature an interactive lightbar, backlit keyboard and other
premium niceties, and is expected to be powered by Intel's new Skylake chip.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           February 7, 2013, Thursday

Leaked Chromebook video raises questions beginning with: Is it real?;
A concept video of a high-end, touchscreen-equipped Chromebook prototype raises
questions about Google's long-term plans -- and its own provenance

BYLINE: Jon Gold

LENGTH: 455 words


The leak of what looks like an impressive, high-concept version of a Chromebook
to the Internet at large has generateda lot of buzz, but there's plenty of
debate over almost every aspect of it, including whether it's real or not.

The video, which was leaked Wednesday in a Google Plus post -- by hackers,
according to its producer -- showcases the Chromebook Pixel and claims it is a
product of Google's own in-house design. The Pixel, ostensibly, features a
touch-sensitive screen with a resolution of 2560x1700.

The possibilities are interesting, to be sure -- but Computerworld blogger JR
Raphael points out that there's a great deal about the leak that casts doubt on
its veracity.

For one thing, Raphael says, it seems unlikely that marketing firm Slinky.me --
the ostensible source of the video -- would be hired by Google, given that its
website is full of broken English.

Additionally, he notes, CEO Victor Koch appears to have behaved rather strangely
in the wake of the incident -- seemingly going out of his way to publicize it.

If the video is real, though, this would be a technical coup for Google, and one
that would be certain to make a big splash in the laptop market. However, there
are a number of reasons the concept could easily stay on the drawing board.

[ MORE GOOGLE: Another new release date for Galaxy S 4, but is Samsung battening
down the hatches? ] IDC analyst Bob O'Donnell tells Network World that very few
consumers have bought a Chromebook at all, and that making a high-end variant
could prove counterproductive.

"The people who bought it, bought it as a cheap notebook. High-resolution touch
is not going to be cheap," says O'Donnell.

"While [the Pixel] is interesting technologically, from a real market-acceptance
perspective ... I think it would be a very tough sell."

Forrester analyst Frank Gillett says that Google attempting to take the
Chromebook concept up-market isn't the most far-fetched idea out there.
Essentially, what a hypothetical Pixel would do -- and what Microsoft's Surface
tablet has already done -- is test the waters on a more Apple-like business
model, where the company is more closely involved in the hardware end of the
product.

"These rumors -- if they're true, we don't know -- they're a sign that Google is
... thinking about the role they want to play in PCs and not just mobile devices
-- whether Chrome OS stays as sort of an interesting little aberration, or
whether it turns into something pretty interesting," he says.

Despite its questionable provenance, the video has nonetheless provoked
widespread speculation about Google's future hardware plans, and what role the
Chromebook is to play in them.

Email Jon Gold at jgold@nww.com and follow him on Twitter at @NWWJonGold.




LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     January 15, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Motorola Moto G coming to India this month, Google Edition now available

LENGTH: 182  words


The Google Moto G budget stock Android phone has come up for sale now. The
handset has appeared on the Google Play website yesterday.

Since the Motorola's Moto G also comes with the almost the same OS, there is
hardly any difference between the two. The only positive point it will gain will
be in terms of OS update  it will receive. Priced at $179, the unlocked handset
works on either AT&T or T-Mobile's 3G networks, reports Androidguys.

The handset is ecpected to land in India in the last week of January. The
officials of Motorola revealed tis information to TimesofIndia on the sidelines
of Consumer Electronics Show, says the news report.

The Moto G is cheap phone and is the first Motorola phone after Google bought
the company in year 2012. It is a 4.5-inch display phone with Qualcomm
Snapdragon 400 quad-core processor and 1 GB of RAM. The display resolution is of
1280 x 720 pixels that offers a display density of 329 pixels per inch (ppi).
This display density is quite close the iPhone 5S and 5C's display that is 640 x
1136 pixels on a 4-inch display for a 326 ppi pixel density.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           November 3, 2016 Thursday

Google Daydream View VR headset to launch on November 10

BYLINE: DNA Web Team

LENGTH: 238  words


Google has confirmed that its Daydream View smartphone VR headset will
officially launch this month.

Google officially stated that the new VR headset -Daydream View will be
available starting November 10 on the Google Play Store and across five
countries namely - United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Germany and Australia.
The device is also available for pre-order via the company website.

It was announced on October 4, during Pixel event, where the company also
introduced the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones.

United States: Verizon, Best Buy; $79 (USD)

Canada: Bell, Rogers, Telus, Best Buy; $99 (CAD)

United Kingdom: EE, Carphone Warehouse; 69 (GBP)

Germany: Deutsche Telekom; ?69 (EUR)

Australia: Telstra, JB Hi-Fi; $119 (AUD)

In terms of design, the device is made with soft flexible breathable fabrics
found in athletic wear. It also includes a clickable touchpad and buttons along
with sensors. It weighs roughly 220 grams. At the moment, Daydream View will be
offered in three color variants such as slate, crimson and snow.

Google announced that it is working with WB to bring the VR experience for JK
Rowling's Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them. The mandatory alien shooter
is coming to Daydream VR as well. Google is also working with HBO, Hulu and
Netflix to bring their entire libraries to Daydream platform.

At the moment, no information has been provided as to when the Google Daydream
VR headset will come to India.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Lava launches its first Android One Phone - pixel V1 for Rs 11,350

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 246 words


Last year, Google launched the Android One line of smartphone aimed at first
time smartphone buyers. At the time of launch, Google had announced that more
devices will be launched in the Android One line in the future with other
manufacturers. Lava is the new manufacturer to get onboard the Android One
line-up with its pixel V1 phone.

As expected, the pixel V1 runs the latest version of Android - Android 5.1 with
guaranteed upgrade to upcoming Android updates. The new phone comes with major
hardware upgrade compared to the Android One devices launched last year.

The three phones in Android One line launched last year came with a 4.5-inch
display (854 x 480 pixels), quad core processor, 1GB RAM, 4GB storage and a
1,700mAh battery. Keeping pace with the competition, the pixel V1 has a 5.5-inch
IPS display with a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels protected by Dragon Trail
glass. Hardware specifications include 1.3Ghz quad core processor, 2GB RAM, 32GB
storage and a 2,650mAh battery.

The dual SIM smartphone has USB host support, microSD slot for expansion
(supports up to 32GB cards), 3G, WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity. Cameras have
also been updated - the primary camera is a 13M unit with f2.0 aperture and
support for full HD video recording whereas the front facing camera is an 8MP
unit.

It will be available online on Flipkart. The Lava pixel V1 comes with free 500MB
3G data offer for Airtel users that is valid for two month.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Google Pixel leak reveals everything a day early

LENGTH: 176  words


Looks like there wont be much suspense for these phones

Google's big event is all set for tomorrow, and the new Pixel phones are
expected to be launched as well. However, an early leak just gave us all the
information we need.

UK phone retailer Carphone Warehouse accidentally published product pages for
both the new Google phones early, which they now pulled, but not before
screenshots were grabbed. According to the website, both phones will come with a

 Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, microSD support and a choice of
32GB or 128GB storage. The leak also suggests that the Pixel XL features a
5.5-inch 2K AMOLED display and a 3450mAh battery, while the Pixel comes with a
less impressive sounding 5-inch Full HD screen and 2770mAh power pack.

We cant really trust these specs as some retailers often tend to fill pages with

  random information as place holders as they await final confirmation for the
manufacturer. There is still a lot more to learn about the Pixel XL and Pixel
phones, but we can wait for the event tomorrow for it.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             May 16, 2013 Thursday

Google I/O kicks off with Chromebook Pixel giveaway

SECTION: MIXED MATERIALS; Strategy And Business Planning

LENGTH: 142 words



HIGHLIGHT: All attendees at Google I/O 2013's first keynote on May 15 were each
presented with a free Chromebook Pixel.


On stage at Google's annual developer conference in San Fransico, Sundar Pichai,
Google senior VP of Chrome and Android, said: "Our goal behind the Pixel was to
literally to build the best laptop possible out there. Do you have any idea why
there's one up on the screen and why I'm holding one in my hand? We are going to
give each and every one of you a brand new Pixel."

The Chromebook features a 12.85-inch high resolution IPS display (2560×1700),
equal to 239 PPI, at a 3:2 aspect ratio.

The machine also boasts an Intel Core i5 Ivy Bridge processor with Panter Point
PCH, 4GB of DDR3 RAM and 32GB of storage via an SSD bolstered by 1TB of
additional cloud storage through Google Drive.

Hot topics at this year's conference, which runs from May 15 to May 17, include
Google Glass, the future of Android, Chrome and Google's strategy to challenge
Apple.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Google setting bar high for October phone reveal;
Now, the hard part: Living up to its hype

BYLINE: Eli Blumenthal, @eliblumenthal, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 399 words


Google has built intense speculation for its Oct. 4 event in San Francisco,
where it's expected to reveal new phones that will power a new virtual-reality
platform, and possibly, other smart-home devices.

Google has been teasing the event as one for the history books. A tweet Monday
from Hiroshi Lockheimer, the company's senior vice president of Android, Chrome
OS and Google Play, turned up the volume.

"We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today," Lockheimer wrote in
the tweet that has been retweeted more than 2,200 times. "I have a feeling 8
years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

In the days since Google sent out the invitations to the media, the company has
set up a website, https://madeby.google.com/, and put up large billboards in New
York and other cities in the U.S. featuring the silhouette of a phone centered
around the hashtag, #madebyGoogle.

What does this all point to? A likely candidate: new phones from manufacturer
HTC, taking on the Pixel brand the company used with its Chromebook and tablet
efforts. Rumors and leaks point to devices with large displays -- 5 inches for
the Pixel and 5.5 inches for the larger Pixel XL, fast processors, improved
cameras and sleek aluminum and glass designs. Both phones are expected to have
headphone jacks, according to the website Android Police. A Google spokesperson
declined to comment.

Mobile is the path Google is taking as it preps its new virtual-reality platform
called Daydream,  a big move up from the Google Cardboard-based VR experience
that helped consumers experience early VR at a low cost.

Another area of major interest: Google Home, the Amazon Echo rival
smart-speaker. Whereas phones may be the emphasis for getting to users wherever
they go, Home is the target for keeping them connected to Google when they are
at home.

Rumors  also point to an updated Google Chromecast, an updated Wi-Fi router and
potentially even a new Android tablet made by Huawei. Even so, analysts say none
of these innovations would back up Lockheimer's bold statement -- at least not
right away.

"There is nothing Google can have that will initially be seen as significant as
the launch of Android does in hindsight," says Jan Dawson, chief analyst at
Jackdaw Research, noting that at its launch it wasn't clear Android would become
as important as it has. "I think it's inevitably going to seem disappointing."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Google

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
