

NEW DELHI:recently announced the global roll out of its flagship smartphone LG
G5 worldwide. The company has now unveiled itsUX5.0 custom UI for Android. LG
said that, the new UX 5.0 software will not only be arriving with the LG G5 but
on "upcoming smartphone models as well."The South Korean giant says that UX 5.0
is user-centric and it supports easy connection for finest control of LG
Friends, the modules (CAM Plus, Hi-Fi Plus, and 360 CAM) introduced for
thehandset.

One of the main highlight of the UX is LG Friends Manager, which will enable the
users to easily pair different modules of the G5 with the device. Moreover, the
users will also be able to download and install the required applications from
the Google Play store.The LG UX5.0 consists of improved support for thecamera.
The users will now be able to switch between the standard 78-degree lens to the
135 degree wide angle lens, set 360-degree panorama shots capture by LG 360 Cam
as wallpapers, capture different angles of images at the same moment using both
front and rear cameras and capture shots from both standard and wide angle lens
to create a picture-in-a-frame effect.Along with this, the LG UX5.0 also include
new homescreen with the app drawer, updated LG Health app, Always-On display,
File Manager app, Quick Help app, Smart Doctor app, LG Backup and accurate
fingerprint recognition.

Talking about the LG UX5.0 Juno Cho, president and CEO of LG Electronics Mobile
Communications Company, said, "We analysed the lifestyle of smartphone users to
provide a superior mobile experience and greatly expanded the usability with LG
UX 5.0. LG UX 5.0 and G5 were designed to provide an innovative user experience
that reflects the needs of our most demanding customers."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

