

A visitor looks at an advertisement for Samsung Electronics Galaxy S7 at the
company's promotion hall in Seocho, southern Seoul, Thursday. / Yonhap

Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are stepping up competition between their
latest flagship smartphones - the Galaxy S7 and G5 - through aggressive
marketing in the United States.

The G5, LG's first modular smartphone, was launched globally on April 1. It has
drawn a favorable market response, solidifying the company's presence in the
U.S. market.

Unlike other markets, where LG has yielded the No.3 position to competitors like
Huawei, the company has remained the third leading smartphone brand in the U.S.

But Samsung is out to regain customers' attention for its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 Edge with an aggressive 'buy-one-get-one-free' marketing strategy in the U.S.

Verizon, the top U.S. mobile carrier, and Sprint T-Mobile have adopted the
marketing strategy to attract customers for the S7 series, offering a S7 free to
those who buy one. AT&T, the second-largest U.S. telecom firm, has offered a
48-inch Samsung Electronics television for those who buy an S7, on condition
they subscribe to a satellite television service at the same time.

The move comes as the four U.S. mobile carriers push to boost sales of premium
smartphones, which have fallen because budget handsets have become popular.

Unlike Korea, where most new handsets are sold through mobile carriers, more
than half of handsets in the U.S. are distributed directly from manufacturers to
customers through open markets. For this reason, U.S. mobile carriers tend to
use tougher marketing to attract subscribers.

Meanwhile, the four U.S. carriers have chosen relatively less aggressive
marketing for the G5.

Verizon and AT&T are giving an auxiliary battery pack and a power-charge dock to
G5 customers. For those who buy LG's new smartwatch, 'Watch Urbane Second
Edition,' and a G5, they offer a $100 discount for the handset.

Sprint also offers the battery pack and a $150 discount for G5 for subscribers
who sign a two-year contract.

The relatively more aggressive promotion for the S7 series can be seen as
Samsung's move to check G5's popularity in the U.S. market. This is because the
U.S. carriers launched the promotions for the S7 series between late last month
and early this month, more than two weeks after Samsung released the handsets.

An industry source said otherwise: 'The U.S. mobile carriers are offering more
generous benefits for the S7 series because these models draw more customers who
will pay for monthly plans over a longer period.'

