

LG'S G5 is the latest in a tsunami of premium smartphones.

It is arguably the Korean company's most original and exciting handset since the
LG Chocolate was released in the Dark Ages (2006).

Here's why: It's what LG calls a modular phone.

SO WHAT'S THAT, THEN?

It's a clever design which means you can customise handset.

You slide out the base of the phone and replace with different gadgets (LG calls
them Friends) to add functionality and features.

So a chunky clip-on with an extra battery inside makes the phone easier use as a
camera - the shutter button on the add-on is under your index finger.

GOT ANY MORE FRIENDS?

Yes, since you ask. The battery life is good on the G5 has cleverly built the
both worlds - slide the battery out and slide a new one in that comes with its
own charger and power pack.

The coolest Friend of all is a clip-on music gadget designed with premium audio
company, Bang & Olufsen. It's called the Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play and it turns
the audio you hear through headphones into high-end heaven.

IT LOOKS VERY DIFFERENT TO EARLIER LG PHONES ...

It really does. Even without the modular features, this is a slick, slim phone
that's light and comfy in the hand.

Like the G4, the power button is built into the back of the handset so your
finger touches it as you pick it up. It's handy because the power button is a
fingerprint sensor so it unlocks the phone, too.

WHY THE WEIRD-LOOKING CAMERA ON THE BACK?

Well spotted. The G5 has two cameras. Here, there's a regular 16MP camera on the
left and an 8MP wide-angle lens on the right. It takes 135-degree photos, which
is wider than the human eye can see.

WHAT ABOUT SELFIES?

The front-facing camera is an 8MP sensor - not bad for a selfie camera. And LG
isn't one to miss out on a new feature. Before, if you made a gesture, it would
trigger the shutter. Now, you just raise the phone and as soon as it recognises
a face, it shoots.

WHAT'S THE SCREEN LIKE?

Glad you asked. The 5.3in display is glorious, not least thanks to a
staggeringly high resolution - 554 pixels per inch (ppi), against the iPhone 6s
which already looks great with just 326ppi.

In other words, this is an amazingly crisp, sharp display. This is an always-on
display, too - you can set the screen to show the time, all the time, so you're
not constantly waking it up to see how long until home time.

ANY OTHER COOL FEATURES?

A Daylight mode means that when you walk from a dim room to the bright outdoors,
a light sensor will brighten the screen automatically.

COLOURS, STORAGE OPTIONS AND PRICES T

he LG G5 comes in three colours - Titan, which is grey and looks cool, Gold,
which is even cooler and silver, which is exclusive to Carphone Warehouse. It's
currently available for preorder but will be in the shops this week. EE has Gold
and Titan with an upfront cost of £9.99 on a £39.99 tariff which includes 4GB of
data, or £29.99 a month for 1GB data and an upfront cost of £99.99.

It's free on O2's £32-a-month tariff, though there's only 500MB data and it's
only available in Titan. Vodafone's £29-a-month contract, including 1GB of data,
is £49 upfront - also Titan only.

Carphone Warehouse has the phone available without contract for £499.99.

SO WHAT'S THE VERDICT?

LG has really gone out on a limb to create the G5. The cameras are pretty neat
and the phone feels and looks great.

This is LG's classiest, most intriguing phone to date - well worth a look.

