

Described as the world's first modular smartphone, LG's G5 is definitely trying
to set itself apart from the pack. Spring always sees a pack of new Android
flagships, which these days are often variations on a theme.

Competition is fierce, and being unique or the first with new ideas is a good
way to build buzz, particularly the idea of a modular smartphone, which some
other companies have also been toying with.

The G5 is not the build-your-own phone of our dreams, but it's still an
interesting flagship that has its priorities straight about what matters most in
a smartphone.

Name: LG G5

Price: $300 on a two-year contract/$800 outright

Operating system: Android 6.0.1

Screen: 5.3-inch LCD capacitive touchscreen with 1440 x 2560 resolution (554 ppi
pixel density)

Features: New modular design with additional accessory attachments; removable
battery; fast battery charging; micro SD slot; rear fingerprint scanner; "always
on" display

Camera: Two cameras on the rear. Primary: 16 megapixels with laser autofocus,
OIS, HDR. Secondary: 8 megapixels with a wider angle lens. Front camera: 8
megapixels.

Weight: 159 grams

Battery: Removable Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery

Competition: iPhone 6S/6S plus, Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge

What's good: The LG G5 has a sleek all-metal body that feels good to hold and
has a nice screen-to-body ratio.

The new modular design supposedly makes it easy to repair. For most people, the
real reason to buy is the swappable battery, a feature most high-end flagships
skip.

Its "always on" display always shows the time, but lacks some of the features of
Samsung's latest phones.

The other big reason to buy this phone is the camera. The main 16-megapixel
camera has the usual 78-degree angle, but the secondary eight-megapixel has a
135-degree angle, so from the same spot you can get more of the background and
it's great for scenery shots. There is also multi-view, which creates an instant
collage using all three cameras.

Fast charging works really well and in a half-hour you can get up to a
70-per-cent charge.

What's bad: The modular design feels like hype more than anything right now.
There are just two attachments, a camera and a digital audio converter. We
didn't get a chance to try them out, but reports are that they don't change the
phone much.

While this is a very good Android phone, it still feels a little behind some of
it competitors, such as the latest Samsungs, in terms of design and performance.

What's interesting: While Google got the modular hype with Project Ara, kudos to
LG for once again trying to do something a bit different. If LG sticks with this
design philosophy, there could be some real variety and possibly a value option
for consumers who want to upgrade components. The big question is whether that's
what consumers want, and can there be a compelling enough option to break the
current cycle of buying a new phone every few years.

The bottom line: Early adopters should definitely take a look at this phone for
its baby steps into a modular future. Other Android fans should also take a look
because the camera is fun and really interesting.

Quick charging and an easily swappable battery mean power-hungry users have two
good ways to get more juice.

