

The best camera is the one you have, according to the old adage. Now, smartphone
makers are not content with giving you one rear camera in your gadget, but two.

When Apple launched its new iPhone 7 Plus last month, one of the much touted
features was its rear dual-camera system.

The addition of another camera module opens up more possibilities for
manufacturers to improve on the image quality, like having different focal
lengths or adding a monochrome sensor, according to Miss Karissa Chua, consumer
electronics analyst at research firm Euromonitor International.

How we test   We look at the three smartphones (LG G5: For the landscape
photographer, Huawei P9: The bokeh and monochrome master and Apple iPhone 7
Plus: Jack of all trades) available in the market that come with a dual-camera
system.

For a fair comparison, we used only the native camera app of each smartphone. We
used the Auto mode with automatic high dynamic range turned on for day and night
landscape shots. We also took three panoramic pictures of the same scene, with
the best one used for comparison.

Shallow depth-of-field images were also taken using the native camera app's
offerings from each smartphone.

The iPhone 7 Plus has a 28mm camera to shoot wide-angle photos and a 56mm camera
for more close-up photos, with each having its own 12-megapixel image sensor.

But Apple is not the first to release a smartphone using a dual- camera set-up.
LG and HTC were there first - in 2011. But the LG Optimus 3D and HTC Evo 3D used
dual cameras to take 3-D still and moving images.

It was not until 2014, when the HTC One M8 was launched, that a true dual-camera
system for still photography was realised. It uses an additional image sensor to
capture depth information.

This allows users to re-adjust the focus point in post-processing to create a
shallow depth-of-field or bokeh effect - whereby the main subject is sharp with
other parts of the image blurred.

But the trend has gained momentum this year. In February, the LG G5 was launched
with a dual-camera set-up that works almost like the iPhone 7 Plus. But the G5
uses a 10mm and a 24mm camera.

In April, Huawei launched the P9 - its first smartphone after announcing its
partnership with German camera maker Leica.

Instead of harnessing two focal lengths, like the G5 and iPhone 7 Plus, the P9
uses one camera to capture colour information and the other for monochrome
details.

Last week, Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi announced its new Mi 5s Plus
smartphone. It comes with a dual-camera system that works just like the Huawei
P9.

Growth of the smartphone market is projected to slow to a compound annual rate
of 5 per cent from this year to 2021, according to Euromonitor International.
However, consulting firm Deloitte Global estimated that out of the 2.5 trillion
photos to be shared online worldwide this year, 90 per cent of them will be
taken using a smartphone.

Thus, smartphone makers are pulling out all the stops to get consumers to
upgrade their devices ahead of their replacement cycle. And the camera becomes
an important factor.

The use of a dual-camera system will increase the perceived value of
smartphones. As such, said Miss Chua, expect more dual-camera designs - also
referred to as dual-lens - to be incorporated into the higher-end smartphone
models.

Mr David Yoh, mobile communications business director of LG Electronics
Singapore, said: "The success of the dual-lens camera (in LG G5) has led to
other models adapting and implementing this feature, setting a trend of more
smartphones with the dual-lens feature to provide consumers with more
photography options."

"It has been a success for P9 with its world's first Leica dual-camera," said
Miss Ada Xu, global public relations director at Huawei.

She said global shipments of Huawei P9 had surpassed six million units as of
end-August this year.

The technology in dual-camera designs is still quite new. So "there is still
room for improvement in both the hardware and software to fully optimise the
potential of such technology", Miss Chua said.

But consumers are already seeing the benefits. "I noticed better-quality images
in low-light conditions and a wider dynamic range," said PR consultant Chong Jan
Jee, 23, who uses an LG G5. She also felt her smartphone camera's auto-focusing
was faster and more accurate.

Mr Nelson Tan, 40, a professional photographer and instructor, felt that
photography enthusiasts will not rely on camera phones for their planned shoots,
but having a smartphone with a good dual-camera system will not hurt. "The
improving technology of smartphone cameras means that we can take even better
pictures any time."

