

LG Electronics mobile business chief Cho Juno delivers a welcoming speech at a
developer conference at the Nurikkum Square in Digital Media City, western
Seoul, Thursday. / Courtesy of LG ElectronicsBy Lee Min-hyung

LG Electronics said Thursday that it will bolster partnerships with developers
as a core business strategy to halt the years-long sagging performance of its
mobile unit.

The move came as the Android handset manufacturer held a developer conference
for its much-hyped G5 flagship smartphone. The world's first modular handset has
gained favorable responses for innovation, which critics say its rivals failed
to bring to this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona last month.

Under the theme of 'Play with Friends,' the company unveiled a series of
business blueprints to build what it calls a symbiotic ecosystem with small and
medium-sized enterprises (SME) and startups for the development of modular
devices. The company highlighted its LG Friends, a series of modular companion
devices that can plug into the G5, will be at the forefront to change the
current smartphone landscape, helping the company bounce back from the
relatively weak profile of its mobile business.

'We are going to open the LG Friends online store on Apr. 18 in a move to build
a co-existing partnership model with developers,' LG Electronics mobile chief
Cho Juno said during the developer conference. 'The online marketplace will
serve as a venue where both sides can actually make profits and continue to
extend partnerships.'

The event came about two weeks ahead of the official launch of the new handset.
The move is interpreted as an effort to take advantage of the market infancy for
modular device industry. LG Electronics, however, has yet to disclose the exact
launch date.

The company said it will also unveil its software development kit (SDK) and
hardware development kit (HDK) next month to provide more concrete guidelines
for developers.

LG Electronics Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Ahn Seung-kwon said, 'The
ecosystem for smart devices should be conducted in a mid- to long-term
initiative.' He said the company will continue to use the modular-based
development ecosystem for its future devices to build a mutual growth model
between developers and handset makers.

More than 400 developers and industry insiders packed the event to discuss the
new hardware ecosystem. The modular devices are gaining the spotlight from
global information and communication technology (ICT) giants such as Google and
Lenovo, as one of their differentiation strategies amid narrowing technology
gaps among handset makers.

Google previously hinted at unleashing its Project Ara smartphone which uses
interchangeable modules. Lenovo also recently unveiled its modular tablet X1.
But the modular devices have yet to be commercialized, due to such barriers as
costs and concerns over practical use.

Last month, LG Electronics unveiled a series of modules offering such features
as an improved camera and audio system. In particular, the company has formed a
partnership with Danish premium audio system manufacturer Bang & Olufsen.

The electronics giant is also planning to expand the developing ecosystem
globally by launching the second round of its developer conference in San
Francisco next month.

