

LG Electronics (LG) announced today that the G5 and V10 smartphones have been
certified by the U.S. National Information Assurance Partnership (NIAP) for
compliance in meeting international security standards in corporate
environments.

NIAP administers the globally recognized Common Criteria Evaluation and
Validation Scheme (CCEVS) for evaluating security conformance with the Common
Criteria international standard. NIAP certification is recognized by the
governments of 25 Common Criteria member countries such as Canada, France,
Germany, India, Japan, South Korea and the United Kingdom
(www.commoncriteriaportal.org/ccra/members).

LG's flagship smartphones are equipped with LG's GATE technology for enhanced
platform, network, and application security that allow for secure, reliable
access to enterprise data. GATE, or Guarded Access to Enterprise, is LG's
enterprise-level security platform developed in 2013 to provide a variety of
security solutions such as anti-hacking and mobile device management systems for
enterprise mobile devices. GATE's layered security components help to maintain
the integrity of software components, strengthening system protection and
safeguarding corporate data without compromising performance.

What's more, LG G5 and V10 also feature Google's Android for Work which
leverages the LG GATE network capabilities. Included in Android for Work is a
container solution which separates and secures work apps from personal apps.

"With the growing importance of higher security in business these days, we
believe a firm security platform is a must for mobile workplace devices," said
Chris Yie, vice president and head of marketing communications for LG Mobile
Communications Company. "This certification is confirmation that LG smartphones
are among the most secure mobile devices available today."

