

LG V20 is said to be announced during the first week of September, and after
much speculation it's finally confirmed that it'll be running Android Nougat 7.0

After a storm of speculations, it can finally be agreed that the upcoming LG V20
is going to be the first non-stock Android running smartphone to run Android
Nougat 7.0 as soon as you remove it out of its retail packaging. This is very
good news, since users will not have to be kept waiting for OEMs to waste months
and months just to release a brand new update, so you'll be able to see just how
well the newest operating system from Google performs on devices that are not
running the stock version of Android.

LG V20 is said to be in the same league as its predecessor, the G5, which could
mean that we'll be looking at a modular design in the same fashion. While
modular smartphones could improve in the future, right now customers just want
the perfect phone that will work as soon as they unbox them, and without going
through all the unnecessary attachment of gizmos and modules to improve their
experience.

One other thing that LG will have to be careful of is not to downgrade the
quality control of its smartphones. LG G5 has been severely criticized right
down to the software chunks, and die-hard LG smartphone fans naturally do not
want the company to become a thing of memory. The V20 is said to come with
improved features, such as a terrific rear camera just like its predecessor. In
fact, V10 was considered to be a very good smartphone that was not surrounded by
all the hype that other phones came along with prior to their official
announcement.

This time however, LG V20 should bring the hype team with it, and that will
naturally require LG to invest a heavy amount of resources for marketing
purposes. If such an approach is not undertaken, and if quality control is not
up to the mark, we could be looking at another failed Android smartphone that
provided what customers are not looking for, at least at this time.

Source

