

After LG introduced add-on modules for its G5 smartphone, Motorola is following
suit with the Moto Z.

The smartphone industry seems to have reached a saturation point. The only
innovations seem to happen with faster processors, higher resolution displays,
or better cameras. However, none of these upgrades actually offer a unique user
experience.

It's true that a better display would definitely look amazing, faster performing
hardware will help us be more productive, and better optics will help us capture
our memories in a much better way, but these smartphones lack the revolutionary
element; something unique that makes us sit up and take notice.

There were days when brands like Nokia and Motorola would compete to deliver
unique devices that not only performed well, but awed everyone with their sheer
engineering feat and beauty. Remember the Nokia Communicator or the edgy Moto
Razr?

Today, we see phones that are identical to each other - giant glass displays in
the front and a camera at the back, with either glass, metal or plastic bodies.
Gone are the days of the flips, the swivels and the sliders. Those phones feel
pretty dated from today's standards, but they did revolutionise the way mobile
phones were imagined.

There haven't been many notable inventions in the industry either. Sure, we have
the flexible displays and chipsets and we're close to getting a working flexible
prototype, but getting a production-ready unit will still take time.

One idea of delivering a unique smartphone user experience that actually got
many phone geeks interested was seen in a video two years ago, which went viral
on YouTube. This video showed the concept of making our smartphones modular,
where we can swap out outdated parts for upgraded hardware or optics, and we
don't actually need to change our phones for it. Just like on a desktop PC.

Although this was just a concept, it got manufacturers thinking. And then in an
instant, Google stepped in to make this dream a reality by initiating Project
Ara.

While the tech giant has since suspended work on Project Ara, it could well
license the technology to other vendors.

Meanwhile, LG made a bang at the Mobile World Congress 2016 by launching its
flagship, the G5 (left). It came with add-on modules, which LG calls LG Friends,
where users can swap modules into the smartphone for extra battery, or better
audio, etc.

This did seem to be working on the lines of a modular smartphone, and it is
consumer-ready, but these add-ons didn't entirely make the smartphone modular,
as one couldn't swap for a better processor or display. Moreover, the smartphone
needed to be turned-off for swapping modules. It wasn't perfect by any means,
but it was definitely a start.

Then recently, Motorola unveiled its flagship Moto Z (left) and Moto Z Play in
India. These phones too are modular, and appear slightly more practical than the
G5. For starters, the device won't need to be switched off to swap modules. The
modules available look good too, as they double up as back covers, with a few
designed by Kate Spade.

You could also get a JBL speaker module, or a projector module, all to be
slotted into the back of the smartphone, just like the case.

Although these modules aren't reasonably priced, they do offer a good amount of
productivity, and in a way, make the smartphone modular.

There are still numerous barriers to overcome in order to achieve a true modular
smartphone. Chief among these are the chipset of the smartphone, support from
third parties to create modules, and the performance and practicality that they
must offer.

That said, this does finally seem to be that revolutionary new technology in the
smartphone industry, and it'll be interesting to see how this transforms in the
coming years.

We're well into the modular smartphone era. We aren't very close to the ultimate
goal - a seamlessly and completely modular smartphone - but we've come far from
where we began.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

