

Here's the roundup of the Top 10 Stories of the week...

We have witnessed a lot of rumours, launches, and reports this week along with a
couple of interesting stuffs that happened in the technology world.

This week, Apple was awarded a patent for its bendable iPhone concept, Apple
iPhone 6 got a price cut, Zebronics launched a mechanical keyboard which is
entirely different - much like back-to-pavilion from Chiklet to retro mechanical
style, ZTE and Samsung announced Android flip phones, Gameloft launched Asphalt
Xtreme for free, and OnePlus 4 has been tipped to launch in 2017.

Also, this week, speculations surfaced over the Internet regarding the Samsung
Galaxy S8's bezel-less display and LG G8's iris scanner. We also listed out top
television sets under INR 30,000.

While a top 10 listicle would definitely not be enough to sum up this week,
here's our try as we put in 10 best stories we have covered this week in
consumer technology.

Apple iPhone 6 Gets A Price Cut; Now It Costs Just INR 33,990

In just over a few weeks since the launch of the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
in India, Flipkart is now offering a pretty interesting discount on the price
tag of Apple iPhone 6. Users can now purchase an iPhone 6 at a price of INR
33,990 instead of the INR 36,990 price tag, thereby giving a discount of INR
3,000 to the new buyers.

Would You Like To See A Bendable iPhone In Future?

Apple has been finally awarded the new patent that was filed back in Aug 28.
However, Patently Apple seems to have claimed that the news did not become
public during the filing process as Apple had applied for the patent under an
Engineer's name, so as to keep the whole patent process under the wraps.

Samsung Galaxy S8 May Come With A Bezel-Less Display

We all know that Samsung is trying its hard luck to once again impress its
customers who lost their loyalty to the company due to the in-famous Galaxy Note
7. But, how far the company is planning to go with its upcoming Galaxy S8 to put
the fire set by Galaxy Note 7 off - this is something we still do not know.

LG G6 May Sport An Iris Scanner

Recently, reports started surfacing over the Internet hinting the drop out of
the modular design in LG's upcoming flagship smartphone, G6, which is expected
to be launched next year. The reports also claimed that the fall of the
company's current flagship smartphone, G5 and its modular accessories due to a
fact that users had to remove the battery to add in modules, was a reason for
the company to take this step.

LG's Flagship Smartphone V20 Will Be Priced At Rs 49,990

Announced in September, the LG V20 is rolling out in global markets. After the
G5's lacklustre reception, LG clearly wants to take on the Galaxy S7 and iPhone
7 with its new phone. In fact, the Korean company is all set to launch its
latest flagship in India. According to gadgets.ndtv.com, the V20 will be pegged
at Rs 49,990.

Apple Mistakes Its Customer For Saddam Hussain's Keen

Sharakat Hussain, a cab driver in Britain bought the iPhone 7 for his sister
last month. Since she did not want the iPhone, Hussain returned the phone and
requested a refund. However, this simple process turned into a mess when an
Apple employee asked Hussain to confirm that he is not related to the deceased
Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussain.

Apple iPhone 6 Gets A Price Cut; Now It Costs Just INR 33,990

South Korean smartphone giant Samsung has recently launched a new dual-display
Android flip phone, dubbed as the W2017, which is currently available only in
China. The smartphone is said to be the successor to W2016 that was launched
last year.

Will OnePlus 4 Be Launched In 2017?

It's been two years since OnePlus launched its first budget flagship smartphone,
the OnePlus One. Now, the company has brought in 2 more flagships already, and
reports say that a new variant of its latest flagship, OnePlus 3 is in the works
too. But, what about the Chinese company's next flagship device?

Xiaomi Unveils The Mi Air Purifier Pro In China

With pollution and electric waste taking toll on the environment, Air Purifiers
are on the brink of becoming a necessity. Little wonder then, the Chinese brand
is quite serious about this appliance space. Improving upon its Mi Air Purifier
2, Xiaomi has unveiled the Mi Air Purifier Pro.

Lenovo Wants You To Design Its Next MotoMod

LG has given up on its modular accessories meant for its flagship smartphone G5.
However, Motorola is still trying hard to make its MotoMods work. In a latest
initiative, the Lenovo's subsidiary is encouraging fans to submit the ideas for
MotoMods. If your idea is really interesting, there is a good chance that it
will be financed through Indiegogo.

