

Considering all the high-profile launches, one would think MWC is only about
smartphones. But there's a lot of innovation that complements phones.

LG 360 VR

LG announced a VR headset which is a departure from the usual bulky ones
available today. Weighing only 118 grams, the headset works with the LG G5 over
a wired connection. The prototype was working though the resolution was low and
it allowed a lot of ambient light in which ruined the experience. These issues
might be sorted in the final version. No price or availability was announced but
it should be out later this year.

(Image: Agencies)

Samsung Lens Case

Samsung debuted an official add-on lens case for their new flagship Galaxy S7
-since the camera will likely be a big draw for consumers. The lens case offers
the option of attaching a telephoto or wide angle lens with a screw-in design.
The case itself has a rubber texture which provides for excellent grip while
taking photos while the lenses are made of metal and feel very well-built.

Intex Aqua Fish

If you're one of the few that don't take well to mass market phone operating
systems like Android & iOS, this should interest you. A phone powered by
Sailfish OS, popularized by Jolla, has quietly emerged at MWC this year and
you'll be able to see the Intex logo on it as well. The device is a result of
Jolla's partnership with the Indian brand and the rumour mill suggests that it
will launch in India first. Going by the specifications (Snapdragon 212, 2GB
RAM, 16GB storage, 5-inch HD display), this should be a mid-range phone priced
well under the Rs 10k mark.

ZTE Spro Plus

This is a hybrid tablet pro jector with 8.4-inch super amoled display (2560 x
1440 pixels) and comes in WiFi and WiFi + LTE variants. It runs Android 6.0 on a
Snapdragon 801625 and has a 12,100mAh battery with a claimed projection time of
up to 6 hours. The laser projector has a resolution of 1280 x 720-pixels, 500
lumens brightness with automatic focus and JBL speakers for audio output.

Sony Xperia Ear

The Xperia Ear gives you an always-on voice assistant in a Bluetooth headset.
The assistant can tell you about incoming notifications as well as your calendar
appointments and alerts.Because it's always-on, you can dictate messages, search
the web or even get directions on Google Maps by speaking normally. Finally, you
can set specific actions that execute when its picked up: read the news, traffic
updates or weather reports.

Haier Smartwatch

Haier's upcoming smartwatch has a stylish design and 1.4-inch full circle
display with a resolution of 400 x 400 pixels. What makes this one stand out is
that it's among the first to come with full Android 6.0 operating system. It is
IP56 certified for water resistance, has 8GB storage built-in, Bluetooth, a
heart rate sensor as well as a speaker and microphone. Priced at about 200 Euros
(roughly Rs 17,000), it is expected to launch in April 2016 this year.

(Image: Agencies)

CAT S60

Amongst the sea of smartphones at the event, the CAT S60 smartphone stood out
thanks to the thermal imaging camera. Aimed at the B2B segment (construction,
plumbing, security), the phone can take heat measurements from almost 100 feet
away. Thanks o the strengthened diecast frame, it can withstand 6 oot drops.
Specifications include a 4.7-inch display, Snapdragon 617, 3GB RAM, 32GB
storage, 3,800mAH battery and Android 6.0 OS. It will be available later this
year for US$599.

Sony Xperia Projector

Sony's next generation projector prototype was showcased at the event. The
rectangular projector can be wall or floor mounted and the compact size makes it
easy to carry around. Using it, you can convert any flat surface into a touch
sensitive interface and directly interact with whatever is being displayed.

(Image: Agencies)

Sony Xperia Eye

Another concept from Sony, the Eye is a compact camera capable of wide angle
photo and video. What makes it special is that it's about the size of an HDMI
dongle and can be easily clipped to clothing. It does not require you to press
any buttons to take photos -it automatically detects faces and takes a photo
till the battery runs out.

LG Robotic Ball

This is a special accessory for the LG G5. It's a rolling robot with 8MP camera
which makes it great for home surveillance because can be controlled from
anywhere via an app. It also responds to a laser pointer and can be made to
follow the laser if required. With built-in WiFi, you can see a live stream of
the robot's camera on your LG G5. Finally, the built-in IR emitter means that
you can control other things in your home using the robot. No details on price
were announced, but it was one of the more interesting things at the show.

(Image: Agencies)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

