

While the administration is promising investments and policy support to foster
VR technology as one of the nation's R&D projects, the largest gaming companies
including Nexon, NCSOFT and Netmarble Games remain diffident over its immediate
applicability to gaming.

The Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning picked VR games and a VR theme
park, Sunday, as one of five VR flagship projects, aiming at nourishing the new
market for VR platforms and related industries. The ministry also pledged to
invest about 50 billion won in the sector over the next two years; and more
afterwards if the first investment proves to be successful.

It plans to establish a VR-related industry complex at Digital Media City in
western Seoul and build related infrastructure such as VR content creation
studios, exhibition halls and test facilities. 'As this year is thought of as
the first year of the VR industry, we will provide active support including the
five flagship projects to vitalize the VR ecosystem here,' a ministry official
said.

The move came as global IT giants such as Google, Apple and Facebook are
increasingly pushing for VR and augmented reality (AR) technologies through
active investments and acquisitions.

Google has developed advanced head-mounted VR devices that are compatible with
smartphones running on its Android mobile operating system. Facebook has made
bolder moves including its $2 billion acquisition of Oculus, one of the world's
leading VR technology firms, in 2014. Last week, Oculus said it will roll out
its first commercial head-mounted VR device named Oculus Lift on March 28.
Taiwan's HTC also plans to release its VR device Vive.

Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics have designed their latest flagship
smartphones Galaxy S7 and G5 to support VR. Adding to its first head-mounted VR
device, the Gear VR unveiled in October 2014, Samsung Electronics introduced its
VR camera dubbed VR 360 at the Mobile World Congress 2016, while LG Electronics
introduced a 360-degree VR camera for its modular G5 smartphone.

In the gaming industry, Sony said it will launch the PlayStation (PS) VR, as a
peripheral to the PS 4 to support VR games, in October. The PS VR has drawn much
market attention as it is expected to be provided with a far greater amount of
compatible content compared to other makers.

Whereas Korea's small and medium-sized gaming companies are seeking a
breakthrough in VR, larger ones here have said it is 'untimely,' considering
that VR devices have not sufficiently penetrated the market.

'We have not officially discussed developing VR games,' said an official at
Nexon, the nation's largest game company. 'VR-related devices are not common
yet. We may start evaluating the market success of VR games after the latter
half of this year.'

NCSOFT, the leading computer online game provider here, also said, 'We are
currently mulling what kind of games we need to develop and how can will utilize
VR devices one they are commercialized.'

Admitting that VR can become one of the company's biggest income sources, Bang
Jun-hyuk, senior advisor to Korea's largest mobile game company Netmarble Games,
pointed out the head-mounted VR devices that are available now are too heavy to
be portable, with models that have been unveiled so far weighing between 300 and
400 grams.

'Mobile games should be freely available regardless of space,' Bang said. 'VR
devices should be light like sunglasses or goggles to be easily worn by gamers
without discomfort.'

