

John Everington

The new OnePlus 3 once again proves that a great smartphone needn't cost the
earth. It's not quite up there with the iPhones and Galaxy S7s of this world,
but it is a great all round performer and fantastic value at Dh1,599.

The 3's form factor has come on leaps and bounds from last year's solid but
unspectacular OnePlus 2. Gone is the polycarbonate body, replaced by a curved,
brushed metal back that looks and feels like a far more expensive handset, even
if the rear camera lens protrudes a little too much for my liking.

It's not quite iPhone 6S and Galaxy S7 calibre, but the 3's design certainly
gives the likes of the HTC 10 and LG G5 a run for their money.

The 3's 5.5 inch Optic Amoled display is where one or two corners have been cut
to keep the price down, although there's little to complain about. True, the
likes of the HTC 10 and the just launched, similarly priced, Alcatel Idol 4S
pack a higher pixel density. But the 3's display still does the job admirably,
the deep reds and blacks of the Ghostbusters trailer rendering beautifully.

There are no such shortcuts in the camera department. The 16MP rear facing
camera, while not the equal of benchmarks like the Galaxy S7 or LG G5, takes
images with good colour and contrast, while the selfie camera has been upgraded
to 8MP from the OnePlus 2's 5MP.

Above all, the OnePlus 3 has the zippy, powerful feel of a premium device,
thanks to its Snapdragon 820 processor and a massive 6GB of RAM. The cherry on
the cake is the 3's fingerprint reader, which is every bit the equal of its more
expensive peers.

Retailing for Dh1,599, the OnePlus 3 goes for just over half the price of the
iPhone 6S and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. While it doesn't quite hit the heights of
those two flagships, the OnePlus 3 is outstanding value for money, given its
great design and performance, and is right up there with the best mid range
smartphones on the market.

Q&A

OnePlus? Remind me who they are again?

They're a relatively new manufacturer, having launched its first phone, the
OnePlus One, in April 2014. Despite its name, the OnePlus 3 is the company's
fourth device, following on from the OnePlus 2 and the OnePlus X.

I don't see their smartphones on sale in Sharaf DG and Jumbo Electronics

Indeed you haven't. OnePlus eschews the typical retail model by selling only
online, either via its own website, or approved local distributors, souq.com in
the case of the Middle East. The company's logic is that by selling direct
online, it cuts down on distribution costs, meaning it can offer its devices for
less money.

That sounds good! But I couldn't see the OnePlus 3 on souq.com the other day

Neither did I. OnePlus's media people told me that the handset was temporarily
sold out, and that new stock would be arriving soon. This could be down to the
phone's runaway popularity in the Middle East, or alternatively it could be
because souq.com has only being given limited stock.

Any other details I should know?

The 3 runs Marshmallow, the latest version of Android. Its inbuilt 64GB memory
is pretty generous, although that's no doubt in part to offset the lack of SD
card slot.

Of course, if the OnePlus 3 really wants to compete with premium handsets like
the iPhone, then surely it must come in rose gold ...

Well, it is available in "soft" gold. So that's close. And you never know, the
OnePlus 4 might even come in pink!

jeverington@thenational.ae

