

Reliance Jio is extending its preview offer to more devices now. Earlier the
offer was available only to flagship Samsung smartphones and HP users but now
the company has started offering its 'Jio Preview' offer to even the entry-level
Samsung phones and select LG smartphones.

Here is the full list of Samsung smartphone which are eligible for Jio Preview
Offer:

Samsung Galaxy A3, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A5 2016, Galaxy A5 Duos, Galaxy A7, Galaxy
A7 2016, Galaxy A8, Galaxy Alpha, Galaxy Core Prime, Galaxy Grand Max, Galaxy J
max, Galaxy J1 Ace, Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J2 (2016), Galaxy
J2 Pro, Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5, Galaxy J5 (2016), Galaxy J7, Galaxy J7 (2016),
Galaxy K Zoom, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 5 Duos,
Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy S 5 Plus, Galaxy S4, GALAXY S4 4G,
Galaxy S4, Galaxy S5 Neo, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy
S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Grand Prime, ON5, ON5 Pro, ON7, and ON7 Pro.

Reliance Jio Preview Offer Extended To LG Smartphones

Reliance Jio has also started offering its Jio Preview offer to select LG
smartphones which are K332 (K7 LTE), K520DY (Stylus 2), K520DY, H860 (LG G5),
K500I (X Screen), K535D (Stylus 2 Plus), LGH630D (G4 Stylus 4G), and LGH 442
(LGC70 Spirit LTE).

If you have one of the above listed Samsung or LG smartphone then follow the
below procedure for availing unlimited 4G internet, voice and video calls, SMS,
and free access to Jio Premium app under the Jio Preview offer:

* Install MyJio app from Google Play.

* Open MyJio app and tap on 'Get Jio SIM' on the top banner.

* Follow the on-screen instruction for generating the offer code.

* Take a screenshot of the offer code and take its printout.

* Visit your nearest Reliance Digital or Dx Mini store along with the required
documents (Original Proof of Address and its copy,Proof of Identity and its
copy, one passport size photograph), and the printout of the offer code to get a
Jio SIM.

* Please make sure that you carry the same handset from which you generated the
offer code with you.

* Follow the instructions given on this page for SIM activation.

We would not be surprised if this Reliance Jio preview offer is slowly extended
to other smartphone brands as well. We may soon see likes of Xiaomi, Lenovo,
LeEco and others in the mix as well.

Given the way Jio is approaching the market and grabbing market share - the
incumbent players will need to change their strategies (which we are already
seeing), if they want to contain the disruption Jio is causing in Indian telecom
market!

