

Wednesday, February 24, 2016: Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its
recently expanded LTE Plus Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T,
Verizon and T-Mobile. Device pricing and availability date will be announced
soon.

Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.

As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon(R)
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality.

Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO issued the following statement:

"There is no better time than now to join the millions of customers who have
already switched to Sprint. With the launch of the LG G5, customers will get the
most powerful device for photography enthusiasts - or anyone who wants to leave
their camera at home - paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network. And
AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile customers can save 50 percent off most standard rate
plans when they switch to Sprint. This device is amazing, offering the highest
quality images and prints."

Sprint LTE Plus Network

According to Sprint's analysis of Nielsen Mobile Performance Data, the Sprint
LTE Plus Network beat Verizon, AT&T and T-Mobile by delivering faster download
speeds1. Recently, the Sprint LTE Plus Network doubled its reach and now covers
more than 150 markets across the country.

Sprint Unlimited

No one has a better price for unlimited plans including talk, text and
high-speed data among all national carriers. For a limited time, families can
get four lines of talk, text and unlimited data for $37.50 per line2.

Switch to Sprint

Consumers continue to have the opportunity to save 50 percent off most AT&T,
T-Mobile and Verizon standard rate plans when they switch to Sprint3. In
addition, Sprint will pay switching fees up to $650 per line4.

