

While Virtual Reality (VR) headsets were the stars of the show at the 2016
Mobile World Congress, new smartwatches wore noticeably more thin on the ground.
Here's a roundup of the hottest devices from both fields on show at the trade
fair in Barcelona, Spain.

HTC Vive
First revealed at last year's MWC, the HTC Vive has finally got a price and a
release date. This virtual reality headset, developed in partnership with video
games studio Valve, will be available to preorder from February 29 for $799,
with shipping expected to start in April.

LG 360VR
Alongside its new G5 smartphone, LG also unveiled a pair of VR goggles that hook
up to the handset for instant immersion in 360-degree environments. The
headset's two small screens (960x720 pixels) simulate an image that's like
watching a 130-inch TV from two meters away. LG is yet to announce a price or a
release date for the 360VR.

Haier Watch
Haier presented its first smartwatch at this year's Mobile World Congress,
running the full Android OS rather than the Android Wear spin-off. This wearable
is similar in design to the Huawei Watch or the Samsung Gear S2 and it has an
onboard activity tracker (heart rate, calories burned, etc.). It should be
available with a choice of different straps when it launches in 2016, priced at
around [#x20ac]200 (approx. $220).

Garmin Vivoactive HR
Garmin unveiled a new connected watch that measures heart rate directly from the
wearer's wrist, as well as counting steps, measuring calories burned and
monitoring sleep. It automatically detects different activities such as walking,
running, cycling and swimming to keep track of performance on a day-to-day
basis. The Garmin Vivoactive HR is expected to ship in April for $249.99 in the
US or [#x20ac]269.99 in Europe.

Dot Watch
South Korean start-up Dot got MWC buzzing with its freshly unveiled smartwatch.
Compatible with both Android and iOS, this wearable is aimed at visually
impaired users, with pins that rise and fall on the display's surface to give
the time or other types of information in braille (alerts, notifications,
emails, etc.). It can also be used as a teaching device to learn the language.
The Dot Watch is slated to launch in 2016 and an e-reader based on the same
technology could also be developed.

(The Mobile World Congress ran from February 22-25, 2016, in Barcelona, Spain.
Website:Â mobileworldcongress.com)



