

With the announcement of the LG 360 CAM at Mobile World Congress last week, LG
Electronics (LG) expects to see an increase in interest in creating and sharing
360-degree visual content using mobile devices.

With the introduction of affordable, consumer-friendly devices such as the
upcoming LG 360 CAM and the G5 smartphone, creating and sharing 360-degree
content will be as easy as pressing a button. While many phones and
point-andshoot cameras have a panorama mode, 360-degree spherical images and
videos take visuals even further by including everything in the scene, including
the ground and the sky. With its compact, portable size and highresolution
images, the LG 360 CAM is one of the first imaging devices to take advantage of
the growing trend of 360-degree content creation. In fact, this is the first
camera from a smartphone manufacturer to be optimized for Google Street View
with its support for the Googlebacked Open Spherical Camera (OSC) API. With the
free Google Street View app installed on their iOS or Android smartphones, LG
360 CAM owners will be able to easily capture, upload and share their 360degree
content directly from their phones without having to convert or process their
files into the appropriate format, a timeconsuming process. LG 360 CAM features
three embedded microphones and supports 5.1 channel surround sound recording. It
is equipped with an internal battery with a capacity of 1,200mAh allowing for up
to 70 minutes of video recording. With its microSD card slot, the camera can be
extended to a maximum of 2TB.

"This announcement of the LG 360 CAM means a lot to over 500 million Street View
users and all who loves to create and share 360-degree contents," said Charles
Armstrong, Product Manager of Google Street View.

"With its capability to create 16MP images, the LG 360 CAM will be the most
preferable choice for anyone to join in the fun of 360-degree content."

