

Gadgets rained from the skies at this year's Mobile World Congress at Barcelona
as the annual tech congress - traditionally the -domain of telecommunications
companies and mobile phones - gave way to the weird and the wonderful.

Smartphones still command plenty of respect, but here are a few devices that
also managed to turn plenty of heads.

LG Rolling Bot The Rolling Bot is a remotely controlled ball that records video
and audio as you move. It's -designed for LG's flagship phone, the G5, and you
control it with a smartphone. Being a ball, it should keep rolling along like
Old Man River, unless it gets stuck in a ledge or rolls into the sink. LG
promotes its little bot as a mobile home monitor. As long as you keep it away
from obstacles, you should successfully navigate around.

But it's not jet propelled, so don't -expect it to bounce up the staircase.
Would it ward off a burglar? If they saw it darting along they could throw it
into the rubbish or switch it off and pocket it for their own use.

But they may be perturbed that they were caught on remote camera and leave. As
for LG's claim that it's a pet monitor: sure, you can talk to your pet through
its in-built speaker, but hopefully your cat won't claw it or your dog bury it
in the back yard. It connects to home WiFi and Bluetooth and one of LG's claims
is that you can use it to remotely control connected devices.

It shoots eight megapixel stills and 1080p video. A 16 gigabyte -microSD card is
-included for storage. We may have to wait six months or more for Rolling Bot as
it is still under development. Pricing and availability is unknown.

Starship Technologies' delivery robot Forget menacing cyclists riding on the
footpath. Soon delivery -machines will zip past you on the pavement.

Skype co-founders Ahti Heinla and Janus Friis are -behind an internet-controlled
local delivery robot that can ferry the equivalent of two grocery bags.

Just as you track your phone or Uber taxi from afar, you can track groceries,
pizza or red wines from a local store to home from an app.

But what about security? Starship says your goods are safe because no one other
than the recipient can unlock the cargo. But could you prevent someone on the
street stealing the robot with the goods inside? Robot-napping might have to
become a crime.

Heinla and Friis say the robot can be overseen by human operators who would
ensure its safety. But if -humans are needed, why not just use a delivery boy or
girl and keep things simple?

They say the robot would travel at walking pace, just 6km/h. Navigation and
obstacle avoidance software would see it blend in with pedestrian traffic. In
the end, there's lots of challenges for a -delivery robot to meet. We'll see how
good the idea is when a rollout takes place this year.

Sony Xperia Ear Done well, a mobile digital personal assistant can be a new-age
experience. Apple offers Siri, there's Google Now and Microsoft Cortana and you
engage them as you need them: for dictating text, looking up maps and
information, and for commanding your phone to play music tracks. Otherwise you
forget they are there.

Sony Xperia Ear has the potential to take that further, to a place where a
personal assistant becomes an -ongoing conversation, a continual interface
between you and the world. In Xperia Ear's case, that means a perpetual voice in
your ear, reading your emails, the weather, missed calls and telling you about
Facebook updates.

It -interprets your world. Its success will depend on how well Sony -implements
this.

Sony tried a very early version of the concept with its Smart B-Trainer and,
sadly, it wasn't so hot. It will be several months before Xperia Ear comes to
market, so hopefully the user experience will be good by then.Sony Xperia Ear is
designed to work with newer Android smartphones, comes in several colours and
with a case that's an integrated battery charger. Sadly, being a tiny
Bluetooth-connected device, there are limits on battery life, less than four
hours from reports.

