

It's the time of the year when we get to see the best Android smartphones - and
these should all be coming to India soon. ET reports from the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona.

Samsung S7, S7 Edge - The Galaxy S6, S6 Edge and S6 Edge Plus were widely
regarded as the best Samsung phones ever. There were a lot of expectations from
the next Galaxy S series and Samsung didn't disappoint. Both the S7 and S7 Edge
feature top of the line processors (quad core/octa core depending on region),
4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 3000mAh battery (S7), 3,600mAh battery (S7 Edge) and
expandable storage thanks to a hybrid SIM slot. Both phones also have an updated
camera module - primary 12MP dual pixel sensor and front 5MP camera - both with
f1.7 aperture which is the best available on any smartphone today.

S7 and S7 Edge both have super amoled displays with 2560 x 1440 pixel
resolution. While S7 has a 5.1-inch screen, the S7 Edge is a dual curved
5.5-inch. Samsung focused on the software side too with features like an 'always
on' display, game optimization and game tools. The design is similar, but the
changes make the S7 and S7 Edge great successors to the S6 and S6 Edge Plus.
Expected to launch in India mid-march

LG G5 - LG's 2016 flagship was high on innovation thanks to the unique modular
design. The base can be popped out and replaced with other modules like a camera
grip or a Hi-Fi DAC for better sound. The 5.3-inch qHD display is an IPS panel
but LG has still included an always - on display which consumes very little
power.

It boasts of a dual camera setup: a 16MP primary lens and an 8MP secondary wide
angle lens with optical image stabilization, laser autofocus and 4k video
recording. Hardware specifications are top of the line - Snapdragon 820
processor, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage (expandable) and a 2,800mAh battery. The phone
runs Android 6.0 with a completely overhauled user interface by LG.

Lenovo Vibe K5/ Vibe K5 Plus - Lenovo teased its fans for a few weeks with
glimpses of their upcoming smartphone and it was finally launched at MWC 2016.
Called the Lenovo Vibe K5 and K5 plus, both phones are budget offerings priced
between $129 to $150.

While the Vibe K5 has a 5-inch HD display, K5 plus has a 5-inch full HD display.
Hardware on both devices includes 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, 13MP primary camera, a
5MP front camera, expandable storage and a 2,750mAh battery. The difference is
that the K5 has a Snapdragon 415 while the K5 Plus features the more powerful
Snapdragon 616 processor.

Obi MV1 - Obi announced just one smartphone at their launch party: the MV1.
Unusually for a big MWC announcement, this is a budget smartphone with a 5-inch
raised glass HD display, Snapdragon 212 processor, 1/2GB RAM, 16GB storage and a
2,500mAh battery. You also get an 8MP primary camera, 2MP front camera, dual SIM
slots, a microSD slot for expansion and integrated DTS audio technology. It is
priced at $149 and is expected to arrive in India by April this year.

Sony Xperia X and XA - Both new Sony phones have a new metal design and feature
a 5-inch displays (720p on XA, 1080p on X). The Xperia XA is the more affordable
device with a Mediatek processor, 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, 2,300mAh battery, a
13MP primary camera and 8MP front camera. The Xperia X, on the other hand, has a
Snapdragon 650 processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage and a 2,620mAh battery.

Other impressive features of the Xperia X include 23MP primary camera, 13MP
front facing camera, fingerprint scanner and expandable storage. Sony also
showed off a variant of the Xperia X called the Sony Xperia X performance - it
has the latest Snapdragon 820 processor for improved performance and is IP68
certified for dust and water resistance.

Huawei Mate Book - Huawei's ultraportable 2-in-1 comes with a fancy keyboard
case. Inside the lightweight (630 grams) metal body is a 12-inch display (2160 x
1440 pixels). Specifications include an Intel Core M processor, up to 8GB RAM,
up to 512GB SSD storage and a 4,430mAh battery with a 9 hour battery life. The
keyboard cover is included in the tablet's starting price of $699.

Samsung Gear 360 - Samsung's 360-degree camera was a surprise launch. It has
dual 15MP wide angle lens on each side for and a tripod socket mount to prop it
up. Images are stored on the microSD slot while the built-in battery is good for
140 minutes of recording. Although content is on the microSD, it requires an app
to convert and join together the 360 photos.

Gionee Elife S8 - Apart from a change in their brand logo, Gionee announced a
new flagship called the Elife S8. The S8 is the first smartphone (after iPhone
6S) to come with 3D touch technology. It has a 5.5-inch amoled full HD display
and inside the phone is a Mediatek Helio P10 processor, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage,
hybrid SIM slot and a 3,000mAh battery.

Gionee boasted of this being the first all-metal smartphone with invisible
antennas (the usual lines /bands for the antennas were not visible anywhere).
You get a 16MP f1.8 rear camera, 8MP front camera and a fingerprint scanner in
the home button along with the usual 4G, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity. This
is also the company's first smartphone to come with AmigoUI based on Android 6.0

HP Elite X3 - HP surprised everyone with a new Windows 10 Phablet that uses
Continuum to convert to a Windows 10 desktop computer. However, instead of the
usual dock, the Elite X3 has its own cradle type dock to connect to a TV. It is
also the most powerful Windows 10 Mobile available today: Snapdragon 820, 4GB
RAM, 64GB storageand a massive 4,150mAh battery. The 6-inch display has a
resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels and you also get expandable storage, a
fingerprint scanner and an iris scanner.

Disclaimer: The author's trip to MWC 2016 was sponsored by Samsung Electronics

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

