

LG Electronics believes it still has a chance to make a mark in the highly
competitive Indian smartphone market given the consistently strong demand, which
the struggling player hopes to tap through the eight phones that it plans to
launch this year.

About 10 months into his new role, Kim Ki Wan, managing director of LG
Electronics India, admitted that LG's absence in the high volume price segments
has hurt its position in the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, but
still believes there's enough room for smaller players.

"It is not late... every year Indian smartphone market is growing 10-20% while
global markets are flat. We're not in a hurry, but we should be different," Wan
told ET.

He was referring to industry expectations of about 220 million smartphone to be
shipped in the country this year, which makes 30% of the population, compared
with sales of around 100 million in 2015.

"Our focus will be on identifying consumers, their attributes and needs earlier
than our competitors and come up with new features, services and products, then
we can win the competition," said Wan.

LG lags way behind the pack of smartphones brands in India, with a 0.10% share
as of March 2016, as per Counterpoint Research. It has only two models in the Rs
5,000-Rs 15,000 price brackets, which make up 70% of the volume of smartphones
sold in India, and a very meagre presence in the Rs 15,000 to Rs 50,000 ranges,
which provide higher average sale prices.

Wan said the company will chalk out a five-six year strategy for the company by
the end of the year, which will outline the product strategy for mobile phone
including features, category and price range the company will look at to take on
the market. The new head wants mobile phones to contribute to about 10% to total
revenue, the same as washing machines, in future.

The company expects to touch a 10% share of the entire smartphone market within
a year on the back of three more models in the premium segment, among a total of
eight it plans to launch across price points.

Meanwhile, LG also plans to expand the capacity at its India manufacturing plant
and all future launches this year will be made from its local manufacturing
plant. A senior company executive who did not want to be named added that the
flagship LG G5, launched Wednesday, will be also be made in India, starting the
month-end.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

