

NEW DELHI: South Korean electronics company LG Electronics Inc. (LG) today
announced second-quarter 2016 operating income of KRW 584.6 billion (USD 503.10
million), nearly 140 percent higher than the previous year, from strong
performance by the Home Appliance & Air Solution and Home Entertainment
companies, both reporting the highest quarterly operating profit in LG's
history. Global consolidated revenues of KRW 14 trillion (USD 12.05 billion)
increased both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.

LG Home Appliance & Air Solution Company accounted for the largest share of the
second quarter's operating profit with KRW 433.7 billion (USD 373.24 million).
Revenues of KRW 4.70 trillion (USD 4.04 billion), an increase of 4.8 percent
from the second quarter last year, were driven by growth in B2B sales of air
conditioning systems and strong overall performance in Korea, Europe and Asia.
With an improved product portfolio and cost structure, the business unit was
able to achieve an operating margin of more than 9 percent. Going forward,
premium products such as the LG SIGNATURE collection, TWINWash and LG Styler are
expected to contribute positively to the performance of the company.

LG Mobile Communications Company saw revenues of KRW 3.33 trillion (USD 2.86
billion) increase 12 percent from the first quarter, while declining from the
same period the year before. An operating loss of KRW 153.5 billion (USD 132.10
million) reflected increased marketing expenditures and somewhat slow initial
sales of G5 smartphone. Overall smartphone shipments increased 3 percent from
the previous quarter with a total of 13.9 million smartphones shipped in the
second quarter. The launch of the new V series and expanding sales of mass-tier
K and X series models are expected to improve the business unit's performance
next quarter.

LG Home Entertainment Company reported a record KRW 356.7 billion (USD 306.97
million) in operating profit on revenues of KRW 4.16 trillion (USD 3.58
billion), a 5.7 percent increase from the 2015 second quarter, in large part
thanks to the growing market for premium TVs. An increase in sales of higher-end
ULTRA HD and OLED TVs and improved cost structure management contributed to an
operating margin of 8.6 percent, the highest in the history of LG's home
entertainment division. The business unit will continue to benefit from the
growing UHD and OLED TV markets and cost competitiveness, although cost
increases for flat-panel components may affect profitability.

LG Vehicle Components Company reported sales of KRW 639.6 billion (USD 550.4
million), an increase of 42 percent from the same period the previous year,
thanks to high growth in the automotive infotainment sector. Increased R&D
investments in infotainment and electric vehicle technologies, however,
contributed to an operating loss of KRW 16.8 billion (USD 14.46 million) in the
quarter. The outlook for LG's automotive component business is positive with
production of components for the Chevrolet Bolt electric vehicle commencing in
the third quarter.

LG Electronics' unaudited quarterly earnings results are based on IFRS
(International Financial Reporting Standards) for the three-month period ending
June 30, 2016. Amounts in Korean won (KRW) are translated into U.S. dollars
(USD) at the average rate of the three-month period of the corresponding quarter
KRW 1,162 per USD.

