

John Everington

BARCELONA // In these early days of virtual reality, LG's 360 VR headset,
unveiled on Sunday, is a lightweight and relatively stylish option compared with
the Samsung Gear VR, as well as the numerous other VR headsets inching their way
closer to launch.

It's a shame therefore that the unit I tested at the Mobile World Congress
offered a deeply underwhelming VR experience, one that, in its current
pre-launch incarnation, offers a very poor showcase for the nascent technology.

On the plus side, wearing LG's headset doesn't involve putting a strap over and
around your head like the Samsung Gear VR, resembling instead the VISOR worn by
Geordi La Forge of Star Trek: the Next Generation.

While Samsung makes you strap your Galaxy smartphone to the front of the
headset, the 360 VR connects instead to the LG G5 via USB cable, making the
headset significantly less heavy to wear.

So the 360 VR is lighter and more stylish than its Samsung rival, although style
is relative when you're wearing a screen on your head oblivious to what's going
on around you.

But how does LG's VR experience compare with that of Samsung? In a word, badly.

o Virtual reality gear is turning heads at Mobile World Congress

The trade off with the 360 VR's lack of straps is significant light leakage
around the edges of your field of vision. The result is that the viewing
experience is utterly non-immersive, immediately negating a key aspect of the VR
experience.

Matters aren't helped by the fact focus adjustment is achieved by manually
twisting the eye pieces, a fiddly and frustrating process that involves a lot of
trial and error and repeatedly taking the headset off and putting it back on
again, compared with the simple focus adjustment wheel on the top of Samsung's
headset.

Once you've achieved the right focus and found a dark corner to prevent light
leaking in, the 360 VR offers a VR experience that is, simply put, mediocre,
with low resolution, significant lag, and juddery movement. While viewing the
still 360 image of the LG stand (taken with LG's 360 Cam) was fine, the
rollercoaster video demo rendered very poorly.

It's worth repeating that the LG 360 VR headsets on display at MWC are
pre-launch models, and that company has a few months (June is the current
expected launch date) to iron out bugs.

LG shouldn't underestimate the amount of ironing that lies ahead of it though.
Taking Samsung's Gear VR headset for a spin 12 months ago was a transformative
experience that sold me on VR's potential. Those experiencing VR for the first
time via LG's new headset, in its present incarnation at least, are far less
likely to be convinced. [#x200b]

jeverington@thenational.ae

