

NEW DELHI: We already have seen few smartphones sporting dual cameras such as
the Huawei P9, LG G5 , HTC One M8 and more. Now it looks like that the upcoming
smartphones of future Xiaomi , Oppo and LeEco too will feature dual-camera
set-up. According to a report in Korean Herald website, quoting sources, Samsung
Electro Mechanics will be supplying these modules to theses handset makers."

Samsung Electro Mechanics will offer a true dual camera to the market in the
second half of 2016," told the website. The Samsung official, however, refused
to name the handset vendors the company will be making the camera modules for.
Although Xiaomi declined to comment anything on the matter, the report said that
the upcoming successor of the company's flagship Mi 5, Mi5s, will sport
dual-camera module. The smartphone is expected to launch in second half of this
year. It is worth mentioning that Samsung already provides single-camera module
to Xiaomi.The reports regarding Oppo using the dual-camera module too seem valid
as the smartphone maker is known for its camera-focused devices. Oppo in March
launched its R9 and R9 Plus smartphones both of which feature a 16MP
front-facing cameras and 13MP rear cameras. The company was also the first one
to launch a smartphone with rotating camera.In India, some of the camera
smartphones that one can buy under Rs 15,000 include Zuk Z1, LeEco 1S Eco,
Micromax Canvas 6, LG K10, HTC Desire 626, Huawei Honor 5X and more.Samsung
seems to be gaining the smartphone camera market share steadily, giving tough
competition to Sony. As per the firm, until February this year, its main Exmor,
Exmor R, and RS cameras captured a total share of 35% in the smartphone market.
It also had 70% share in sports-cam market. Sony deputy head of research,
Hiroshi Takano also revealed one nifty smartphone camera feature that he wants
to borrow from those in Samsung handsets.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

