

The 5.5-inch dual-edge device is the best smartphone money can buy right now

Image Credit: Supplied

Tarek Sabbagh, Head of IT and Mobile Division at Samsung Gulf Electronics of S7
and S7 edge during the launcheImage Credit: Atiq ur Rehman/Gulf News  Naushad K
Cherrayil, Staff Reporter

Dubai

Samsung has come out with a beautiful smartphone as promised -- Galaxy S7 Edge
-- and it has slight improvements that are a whole lot better over its
predecessor -- S6 Edge.

In 2014, S5 suffered performance issues and software bloat but had slight
improvements in S6 but its battery drained heavily.

While there is no phone which is 100 per cent perfect but Samsung's S7 is close
to perfection so far this year but there are devices which are to be launched in
the next couple of months -- LG G5, Sony X Performance, HTC M10 and Apple iPhone
7.

At first glance, the S7 Edge design looks similar to its predecessor with its
glass-backed casing rimmed by metal but it has managed to sneak in a few
improvements on the design, like the curved glass at rear, similar to Note 5,
which makes it easier to hold in the hand.

First, the back camera bump barely protrudes as the device has become thicker
due to the bigger battery inside.

The S7 Edge's display has gone bigger to 5.5-inches compared to last year's
5.1-inch display on S6 Edge but has the same resolution, Quad HD (2560 x 1440)
and Super AMOLED (active-matrix organic light-emitting diode).

It is powered by 2.3GHz octa-core home-grown Exynos 8890 processor with 4GB of
RAM and 32GB of internal storage capacity.

Related Links

Will S7 models help boost Samsung sales volume?
Zuckerberg steals the show at Samsung launch

The welcome addition by Samsung is the microSD card slot in the SIM card tray
(hybrid style) which supports up to 200GB and is now dust and water resistant,
the only missing is the removable battery. It runs on latest Android 6.0.1
Marshmallow operating system. It weighs 157 grams.

Marshmallow also brings with it a new permission-handling method -- permissions
are granted on an app-by-app basis which provides an extra level of control to
the user.

Samsung's user interface -- TouchWiz -- on top of Android OS was a pain, as it
customises heavily and loads unwanted software, which slows down the device and
the performance. But Samsung has reduced its bloatware and customisation on S7,
which is welcoming. Most of the needless animations and gimmicky interface are
gone.

Pre-installed apps include Samsung's own suite (Galaxy Apps, S Health, S Voice,
Email, My Files, Voice Recorder, Samsung Gear and internet) plus Microsoft apps
(Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneDrive, OneNote and Skype). It's worth noting that
you can't uninstall any of them but many can be disabled instead.

Despite the size, S7 Edge is easier to hold and manage with a single hand when
compared to the same-sized iPhone 6S Plus.

Last year's S6 Edge's edge has no real use, apart from the feature to store five
phone numbers but this year's model has some real benefits that make it a much
more compelling device.

Users can create nine panels like main apps, task edge and phone numbers, and
user-defined screens like Yahoo news or CNN news.

There are 12 edge panels on the Samsung App Store for free and 10 more paid
panels that can be downloaded. The wider interface means you can have two
columns of apps or shortcuts.

The Always-on display is helpful for people to see the notification icons,
battery life and time without turning the device on, thus saving battery life.
This is nothing new, Nokia and Motorola smartphones had a similar feature for
years.

If you expect to view Gmail, Facebook alert icons, WhatsApp, third-party email
or other messages using the always-on display feature, you're going to be
disappointed. It can be turned off also for people who get distracted by the
movement of the screen. It's nice to have and didn't noticeably deplete battery
life, but is hardly essential. For me, it was a gimmicky feature with no real
use.

Overall performance on the S7 is fast. Apps open quickly, and multitasking by
switching between open apps is smooth.

Samsung's My Knox service is installed, a software suite by Samsung to create a
secure environment for private data and apps.

The camera is where S7 excels over iPhone, which is considered so far as the
best in the market.

Samsung has 12MP Dual Pixel Sensor featuring optical image stabilisation and an
aperture of f/1.7. Samsung actually toned down the resolution of the camera
sensor from last year's 16MP sensor on S6.

There are many mid-range devices in the market which can take excellent snaps in
bright daylight but suffers in lowlight conditions.

The Dual Pixel Sensor technology, used in DSLR cameras, is used for the first
time on a smartphone. What it does is that it uses all the pixels to focus on an
object quickly and accurately while capturing more light, overall improving
lowlight photography, similar to the human eye.

Focusing with the S7 camera is very fast, especially for shooting something as
quickly as possible. It is faster than the current iPhones.

The bigger 1.4um pixel size and very wide f/1.7 aperture make for excellent
lowlight conditions as the wide aperture lets in a lot of light.

S7 delivers 25 per cent more light to the sensor than last year's S6. More light
means faster shutter speeds and sharper pictures with less noise, which leads to
more detailed photos.

Samsung's default camera app doesn't have manual aperture control and you need
to install third-party camera app.

The snaps taken, even in lowlight, are crisper and detailed. You can shoot in
RAW for 'proper' photos that you can manipulate later, and the 'Pro' mode has a
decent amount of options, so you can choose what the picture will look like in
terms of focal length and tone.

Samsung has added 'Motion photo' to capture a very short video before taking a
photo, similar to Live Photo on iPhone.

The 5MP selfie camera with f/1.7 aperture is slightly disappointing in lowlight
conditions. It produces very soft images that lack fine detail and tone, even
without the various beauty modes on. In front camera mode, iPhone 6S excels.

The S7 shots had better focus while the iPhone pictures looked more natural.

The S7 Edge now has a very similar 'screen flash' method of illuminating faces
in the front-facing camera to the iPhone.

The S7 can shoot videos at 4K (2160p) resolution at 30 frames per second (fps).
It can record slow motion at 240fps at 720p, shoot HDR video and simultaneously
record 4K video while capturing 9MP still images.

There are a bunch of different camera modes to choose from. There's also
Selective focus, Video Collage, Live broadcast, Hyperlapse, Food and Virtual
shot to name most of them, plus you can download more.

Regarding connectivity, it has 4G LTE CAT 9 (download speeds of up to 450 Mbps
and upload speeds of up to 50 Mbps), dual-band 11ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2 LE, USB
2.0, GPS and NFC.

Samsung has opted to stick with the tried-and-tested micro USB 2.0 for
charging/data transfer purposes, instead of the USB Type-C port.

Its next-generation Vulkan API is excellent for gaming and Samsung has launched
a 'Game Tools" to provide a button that floats over the top of the game screen
which helps mute and hide alerts, save power during gameplay (locking frame rate
at 30 frames per second) to enable distraction-free enjoyment and screen capture
gameplay recording, but lacks an option for live streaming. All the games are
stored in one place -- Game Launcher -- and users can record the game, take
screenshots and share them with friends. Playing Rayman Adventures, Relic Run,
Marvel: Contest of Champions, was a breeze with no lags.

The 3,600 mAh battery compared to 2,600mAh on S6 Edge gave 18 hours of video
playback and close to 23 hours on 3G network coupled with calls, camera and web
browsing. It's likely you'll need to charge it every night depending on the
usage for heavy users but for moderate users, it lasts close to two days.

Overall, the battery life is excellent and with the newly-introduced Doze mode
by Marshmallow, it is much better. Samsung has the usual ultra-mode saving
features to extend battery life. You'll also find wireless charging at the rear
of the phone.

The device is priced at Dh2,799 and Samsung has launched "Galaxy Entertainer"
app in partnership with the Entertainer by offering more than 1,000 'buy one get
one free' offers across the globe with over Dh390,000 worth of savings plus a
128GB microSD card free with every purchase.

Pros

o [#xf020]Beautiful display

o [#xf020]Fast performance

o [#xf020]Excellent camera

o [#xf020]Good battery life

o [#xf020]MicroSD slot and waterproof

Cons

o [#xf020]Fingerprint magnet

o [#xf020]TouchWiz needs fine tuning

o [#xf020]Mono speaker

o [#xf020]No infrared blaster

o [#xf020]No USB Type-C port

