

GADGETS & GAMES THIS WEEK: SMARTPHONES These phones come packed with some
stylish features, write Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson and Rod Chester

HTC 10 **** HTC is on the comeback trail and the HTC 10 is its slickest phone to
date, with a solid metal body featuring striking chamfered edges, a tiny border
around its 5.2-inch screen, and an accurate fingerprint scanner. Its Android
software has been pared back to a speedy minimum, its speakers produce
surprising volume, and its Ultrapixel camera is back, though this time the
larger pixel sensor is paired with a healthy 12-megapixel resolution. The camera
isn't the fastest to focus, and the phone lacks water-resistance, but it's a
comeback that deserves attention. $1099 / harveynorman.com.au

F1 OPPO *** 1/2 The price of the Oppo F1 defines it as a budget Android phone
but its features exceed expectations. This phone offers an 8-megapixel
front-facing camera and 13-megapixel rear camera with fast autofocus plus a few
processing extras, including a built-in animated GIF creator and a mode that
combines four pictures into a sharp, 50-megapixel photo, if you're able to keep
the phone still enough. The F1 also boasts a five-inch touchscreen, dual SIM
card slots and 16GB storage expandable to 128GB.

$299 / oppomobile.com.au

PRIV BLACKBERRY *** 1/2 BlackBerry's comeback phone has two things going for it.
First is a unique design. Its 5.4-inch touchscreen slides up to reveal a
four-line keyboard for quick email responses. It's also touch-sensitive and its
shortcuts (like sweeping a finger up to add a suggested word) are useful
timesavers. Its second plus is Google Android. This BlackBerry not only uses
Google's software but makes it extra secure with its own patches, and lets users
restrict app permissions. Its keyboard is not as well designed as the Bold of
old, and its 18-megapixel camera lags, but this comeback kid is worth
consideration.

$995 / optus.com.au

G5 LG *** 1/2 The concept is ingenious: a modular phone you can pull apart and
put back together with better parts. And it works. Press a button and you can
remove its battery and install camera controls or a Bang & Olufsen sound module.
Plus, the Android smartphone is zippy, and features a two-camera system, one
with a 135-degree wide-angle lens. The problem is its execution - a glass seam
at the top of its 5.3-inch screen catches and light can be seen through a crack
at its base.$1099 / lg.com.au

