

The smartphone market just isn't as exciting as it once was. The likes of iPhone
6S and Samsung Galaxy S7 might have better cameras, faster processors and more
beautiful displays, but none of them fundamentally change the way we use our
smartphones. Most of the major players are banking on modular phones to be the
next big thing and while the idea of buying a core phone that you upgrade
forever has merit, modular phones in their current state are doomed to fail.

Smartphones today arrive fully formed. You might be able to choose between
different storage capacities and colours but once you take it out of the box the
only thing that really changes from that point on is the underlying software.

The idea with modular is that you buy a base phone that you then assemble from a
number of self-contained components to form a complete phone, allowing you to
add things like a better camera, more storage or better audio.

It's not a new idea - start-ups have been kicking around the concept on
Kickstarter for years. Dutch company Fairphone was the first truly modular phone
to market, but has only shipped 60,000 units since its release -almost three
years ago. The recently released G5 from LG was the first flagship from a major
manufacturer to use the modular concept.

However, it's not a completely modular smartphone as you can only swap out the
bottom section of the phone with a few "friends" that give it additional
functionality. Motorola's next flagship, the Moto Z, is also adopting a modular
design, with what appears to be attachable back plates that add functionality
like a Pico projector and a camera grip with zoom lens.

But it's Google's Project Ara that holds the biggest promise. After a year of
radio silence the tech giant gave us a fresh look at Ara last week and Google
seems to have scaled back its modular -vision. Previously, Ara was pitched as a
handset that you could use to swap out virtually every major component -
display, CPU, RAM and GPU - but now these are going to be baked in.

Google plans to ship Ara with six modules so you can swap in extra hardware
functions that range from the obvious - bigger speakers, extended batteries and
an extra display on the back to provide notification information - to the
not-so-obvious like a glucose meter for health-related applications. It's also
partnering up with fashion brands to make some "fashion" plates that can be used
to customise the look and feel of the phone.

Google is eyeing an app store-like business model for the hardware where all
modules made by third parties will need to be approved by Google before going on
sale. It's unclear how much of a cut Google will be taking. Both Google and
Apple take a 30 per cent cut of every app sold in their respective stores so
it's possible that Ara could take a similar cut with hardware.

This is the first phone that Google is making completely in-house, unlike its
Nexus phones manufactured by hardware partners. The module licensing and store
front are also run through Google. It's ripe with potential but can Google
convince consumers (and hardware makers) Ara is something that they would want?

Unfortunately, Google's promise of Ara being the only phone you'll ever need is
a flawed one. Ara's core components are not upgradeable, which means the phone
will quickly become obsolete. What if you want to upgrade your display to take
advantage of mobile VR or your screen breaks? Well you'll need a new phone.

Also, given Google's current policy on providing Android software updates is two
years, it's hard to imagine it will invest in the development resources
necessary to provide major software updates to an older model of Ara especially
after the inevitable second version is released.

Price is also a real issue. Admittedly, we still don't know how much Ara and its
supporting modules will cost but if history is any indication, it won't come
cheap. Filling up a few of Ara's slots with modules could conceivably cost you
the price of a new premium-tier phone and it's hard to see the value
there.Finally, Google's track record of making its own hardware commercially
successful is virtually non-existent. Google TV failed miserably, Android TV is
a work in progress and the Nexus phones haven't been a sales hit. Google Glass,
like Ara, was a stunning technological accomplishment but poor marketing and
messaging doomed it to obscurity. Ara could easily go the same way.

