

LG's latest flagship makes its way to the Middle East

LG launched its latest flagship, the LG G5 today, along with its lineup of
modular components, called the LG G5 Friends. Packed with high end
specifications and impressive features, the LG G5 and Friends earn the tite of
the world's first revolutionary modular smartphone.

The phone comes with a sleek aluminum body design and smoothly curved edges. The
battery can also be removed to be replaced by a fully charged one when needed.
It has a 3D Arc Glass featured in the smartphone's 5.3-inch display creates a
gentle curve and a smooth metal surface using microdizing process which takes
anodized aluminum to a whole new level. The LG G5 also comes with Day Light
mode, which offers perfect outdoor visibility, while the Always-on Display,
which shows date, time and event notifications at all times, without taking away
much battery power. The camera on the G5 is also the first one in the world to
come with a 135 degree wide angle lens, which can be used easily with the LG G5
CAM Plus, while the 360 CAM captures scenes in 360 degrees. It also has Hi-Fi
Plus with B&O PLAY and H3 by B&O PLAY lets users enjoy high-quality sound.

The G5 also has its own LG 360 VR glasses designed to go with the LG G5 is a VR
goggle that can be connected with the G5 by a dedicated cable and works
exclusively with the G5.

Commenting on the local launch, Mr. Yong Geun Choi, President of LG Electronics
Gulf, said, "Smartphone consumers in the UAE are saturated in terms of the
experiences they get from devices. The launch of the LG G5 provides us the
unique opportunity to satiate the evolving consumer demands for flexibility,
adaptability and fresher experiences."

The G5 is equipped with only Snapdragon 820, which guarantees the best
performance in both CPU and GPU. Last but not the least, the LG G5 features
Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0, which intelligently finds optimum voltage setting for
a given device. Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 is 4X faster than conventional
charging, thus users can experience the fastest charging solution. Click here
for a more detailed spec sheet. The phone is priced at AED 2499, while the
prices of the accessories are yet to be revealed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/23/146061837659.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/74/146061837968.JPG



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/30/146061838348.jpg



