

AUTOMOTIVE

N. America boosts Goodyear

The tire and rubber company's Q4 EPS soared 89.7% to 74 cents, beating views by
12 cents. A rise in car sales has helped boost tire sales, as N. American sales
jumped 7% during the quarter. Revenue dipped 5% to $4.79 bil, under views for
$4.95 bil. Global tire sales rose 2% to 40.7 mil. Goodyear sees a 2%-3% rise in
unit volumes in '14 vs. '13. The company has also resolved labor issues with
protesting workers and will close a production plant in France by the end of
March. Shares leapt 11.5% to 26.94.

BorgWarner Q4 tops estimates

Auto engine and drivetrain maker BorgWarner posted better-than-expected earnings
but missed on sales. EPS jumped 36% to 79 cents, beating by 8 cents. Revenue
rose 9.7% to $1.885 bil, just missing Wall Street's target of $1.897 bil.
Excluding the impact of foreign currencies and '12 dispositions, net sales were
up 9% compared with Q4 '12, the company said. BorgWarner affirmed guidance it
gave last month for '14 EPS of $3.10-$3.25, missing analyst consensus for $3.23.
Shares rose 2.7% to 56.93.

** General Motors announced a recall of 780,000 compact cars after 6 people were
killed and 22 crashes were linked to a faulty ignition switch. The recall
affects Chevrolet Cobalts, model years '05- 07, and Pontiac G5 s from '07.
Shares fell 1% to 35.20.

** Ford Motor said it would build its Edge midsize crossover at its plant near
Toronto. In Sept., the automaker said it would invest $638 mil in the plant to
save 2,800 jobs. Shares rose 0.5% to 15.08.

** Penske Automotive said Q4 EPS rose 19% to 68 cents, beating views by a penny.
Sales rose 15% to $3.85 bil, above views for $3.77 bil. Same-store sales jumped
12.4%. Shares rose 0.9% to 41.98.

TECHNOLOGY

Smartphones saturate market

Smartphone sales accounted for more shipments than other cellphones in '13 for
the 1 st time, according to research firm Gartner. Global smartphone sales rose
42% to 968 mil units and accounted for 54% of all cellphone sales last year.
Low-cost providers of smartphones grew at a faster clip than Samsung and Apple.
China-based Lenovo and Huawei saw their smartphone sales rise 102% and 72%,
respectively, last year, says Gartner. Smartphone sales at S. Korea-based LG
Electronics rose 80%. But Apple's smartphone shipments rose 16% and Samsung's
45%.

