

John Everington

Sony's Xperia XZ is the Japanese firm's best flagship smartphone in several
years, with a fresh premium design and improved camera, even if its display
continues to lag behind its competitors.

With the XZ, released in the UAE last month, Sony has fin ally ditched the tired
design of its Z range. In its place comes a far smoother metal and glass casing
with perfectly rounded edges and joins, that looks particularly impressive in
the new "forest" blue shade.

Like last year's Z5, the XZ sports a 23MP rear camera, which now uses "triple
image sensor" technology to create that extra-special image. That's fine in
theory, but in reality images are OK but not spectacular, especially compared
with the likes of the LG G5 and the Galaxy S7 range.

What has improved, however, is the XZ's front-facing camera, which has been
upgraded to 13MP, and, more importantly, a wider-angled lens for an all-round
better selfie experience.

Many of the XZ's other features are holdovers from the Z5, for better or for
worse. On the plus side there's IP68 dust and water resistance, as well as a
nippy fingerprint reader conveniently placed on the right-hand edge. Less
happily, the XZ's display is virtually identical to the Z5's, which in turn was
little different from the Z3's display before it.

The same old 5.2 Full HD display is fine, with nice colours and smooth action
scenes in the trailer for Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. However, it
simply can't match the Amoled display of the S7 Edge and the Super LCD5 of the
HTC 10 for sheer wow factor.

It seems, however, that Sony is less concerned with competing directly with the
S7s of this world, focusing instead on a slightly cheaper market segment. The X5
retails for Dh2,299, Dh400 below the Z5's starting original price, and well
below that of the iPhone 7 or Galaxy S7.

The Xperia XZ's average display prevents it from being an out and out winner,
but its long overdue design overhaul and brilliant selfie camera make it Sony's
most compelling high-end phone in ages.

Q&A:

Yay, water resistance. So I can take it scuba diving with me?

Not so fast. Sony advises you not to expose the handset to seawater, saltwater,
chlorinated water or drinks. Still, it'll survive the odd spill better than
most.

How's the battery life?

Sony also claims the (non-removable) 2900mAh battery will last twice as long as
its competitors, thanks to intelligent charging based on the owner's indivi dual
usage patterns. In reality, battery life is solid but not particularly
spectacular.

What else should I know about the XZ then?

It ships with Android Marshmallow, with an upgrade to Nougat expected before
long. There's 32GB of memory, expandable to 256GB through one of the two Sim
slots. The 3GB of Ram and Snapdragon 820 processor make the user experience nice
and nippy.

A 5.2-inch display is a little large for me. Is there anything smaller
available?

Sony unveiled the X compact at the same time as the XZ, with a 4.6-inch display.
Sadly you'll have to go to Saudi Arabia to buy it, where it's available for
1,699 riyals (Dh1,663). If you don't fancy the trip, the Z5 Compact is still
available in the UAE.

I've never associated forests with being particularly blue. Are there any other
colours available?

It's a very nice shade of dark blue, whatever it's called. It's also available
in "mineral" black, platinum and "deep" pink.

jeverington@thenational.ae

