

Robots are taking over the world. Sure, those being shown at this week's Mobile
World Congress in Barcelona appeared to be obeying their human operators - but
it's only a matter of time before the tables turn.

Still, until the inevitable Spielberg-style revolution, we might as well take
advantage. And where better to start than with your own personal assistant to
boss around. Greetings, Sony's Xperia Agent. Granted, this one foot high desktop
cylinder won't run out for skinny caramel macchiatos, but it will fetch you
information: the "eyes" (they even blink) on its spherical, revolving "face"
project news updates, weather and emails onto flat surfaces, and once it's
synced to your mobile phone you can take phone calls through its speaker and
microphone.

For now, the Agent is merely a "concept", with no word on when it will be made
available to the public, but that didn't stop visitors to Barcelona cooing over
the prototype. Because oddly, techsperts seem to find these voice-controlled
speakers (which will eventually enslave the human race) not just useful but
rather sweet. "It's very cute", cooed Hirohito Kondo, Sony's senior manager of
user experience and creative platform, when he introduced the Agent to its
adoring public for the first time at the congress.

Apparently, those terrifying blank slits of eyes and twitchy head rotations (oh
hello, The Exorcist) are just plain adorable to robotheads. Even more so,
presumably, if it can be named like its predecesor, the Amazon Echo - or
"Alexa", as it encourages you to dub it.

Read more

This is what your gym session will look like in 2046

Robots will create UK jobs, not reduce them, says Barclays

Robots are putting Londoners' jobs at risk BUT we'll be better off

Rohan Silva: London can deal with the inevitable rise of the robots

Leading the cutesy-creepy charge is Japanese "emotional" robot Pepper, which
sold out in minutes when it went on sale in Japan last year. Pepper, the
four-foot, blue-eyed white figure with an iPad attached to its midriff can read
human emotions and is "kindly, endearing and surprising" according to developers
Aldebaran Robotics and SoftBank Mobile.

In reality, of course, Pepper is the ultimate Regina George fake friend - it
couldn't give two microchips about you. Similar, then, to the shop assistants
that it may replace. Peppers will be used to staff a SoftBank phone store in
Japan at the end of March, where "workers" will be able to sell you a phone
contract, give directions and make small talk.

Obviously it's not a concept that would work in the UK (how dare you ask about
the weather when there's Plants vs Zombies to be played?) yet the French appear
to have taken le Poivre to their bosom: at three French train stations, robots
are currently welcoming and giving local tips to arrivals. Bet they've got the
lowdown on the best techno nights.

But wait! Have these robot makers addressed modern life's number one concern, ie
whether your cat is sufficiently stimulated? Of course they have, silly: here's
LG's new Rolling Bot, also debuted at MWC. It's basically a giant hamster ball.
OK, it's a bit more than that: controlled with an app (available on your brand
new LG G5 handset, of course), the camera, microphone and speaker housed inside
the ball allow absent pet-owners to follow, speak to and even play with their
pets via the small laser, which can be beamed onto the floor for Tiddles to
chase.

Tiddles, obviously, would way rather be left to watch crap TV, play loud music
and raid the booze cabinet, but tough luck, kitty. There's a robot revolution
afoot, and you're just the first casualty.

@franklymccoy

