

Are you happy with your holiday snaps this summer? If not, it may be time to
ditch your point-and-shoot camera and go all-inclusive on your next trip - using
just the lens on your phone.

The smartphone market is where all the investment in improving camera technology
is now taking place. So unless you have invested in a specialist upmarket
camera, you'll often find you can get pictures as good or better from your
handset.

But not any phone will do: specifications vary wildly, and you need to choose
carefully if you're planning to do any heavyduty snapping.

If a handset upgrade is on the cards between now and your next holiday, models
which currently offer the best picture-taking experience include the Samsung
Galaxy S6 Edge, Huawei Nexus 6P and the iPhone 6S.

But an emerging technology is also worth your consideration.

The Huawei P9, developed with the revered German optics firm Leica, is one of
the next-generation phones to use not one, but two cameras - three if you count
the selfie lens on the front. The idea is to mount two lenses on the camera back
- the first a fixed-focus telephoto, the second a normal wide-angle. They shoot
simultaneiweekend ously and combine the images to stunning effect by
manipulating the depth of field - the area of the picture in sharp focus.

The LG G5 uses a similar system and is ideal for shooting stills and video of
fast-moving action. It has been rumoured that the forthcoming iPhone 7 will also
have this technology, and possibly an optical zoom lens, too, though we won't
know for sure until autumn.

The addition of proper zoom lenses in particular will be a gamechanger for
phones, and remains the one area where standalone snapshot cameras still have an
advantage. Optical zooms shift the focal length by altering the ratio of
internal lenses - unlike the digital zooms found on today's phones, which merely
enlarge the image in the frame by blowing up the pixels, thereby losing
definition. Manufacturers have fought shy of optical zooms because they add bulk
to the phone's casing - but once they crack that issue, we'll all want one.

Even at the lower end of the market, today's mainstream handsets have many
advantages over separate cameras, especially when it comes to sharing your
pictures. Apps such as Google Photos can synchronise your new snaps with your
home PC, Facebook page and any other platform you use automatically, with no
need for a USB cable when you get home. Your shots will also be dated and
geotagged, so you can browse them interactively on a map or timeline.

Phones are typically sold on their megapixel count, but these figures alone are
misleading. The size and quality of the image sensor and the ability of the
software to process the pixels are as important, if not more so, and you should
make a point of seeing demonstration footage online or in a shop.

Look out, too, for optical stabilisation, especially if you like shooting video.
This was a feature on high-end camcorders in the 1990s and has now found its way
onto phones such as the iPhone 6S Plus, LG G4 and the Xiaomi Mi 5, all of which
also shoot video in the ultra-high-definition 4K format. Stabilisation reduces
the effect of camera shake when you're not using a tripod, and the higher the
definition, the more important it becomes.

The Huawei P9 has two cameras that shoot simultaneously to manipulate the depth
of field

