

Xiaomi's latest flagship phone- Mi 5 is getting launched in India today. If you
have been dying to buy a high-end value-for-money phone offering the best
possible hardware at a competitive price, then you shouldn't look any further
than Xiaomi Mi 5.

The phone is priced at Rs. 21,000 and packs some very interesting features like
a super-fast fingerprint scanner integrated into the home key, USB type C port,
IR blaster, 16 MP rear camera along with 4-axis OIS and PD-AF, and a large 3000
mAh battery.

Xiaomi Mi 5 Hardware Specifications

* Chipset: Snapdragon 820

* CPU: 2.15 GHz dual-core + 1.6 GHz dual-core

* GPU: Adreno 530

* RAM: 3GB / 4 GB

* OS: Android Marshmallow 6.0

* Display: 5.15 inch, IPS FHD Display

* Camera: Primary- 16 MP PD-AF with dual-tone dual-LED Flash, 4-axis OIS;
Secondary- 4 MP

* Memory: Internal- 32/64 GB; External- None.

* Battery: 3000 mAh Li-Po (non-removable)

* Connectivity: Dual SIM, GPS with A-GPS and GLONASS, 4G, NFC, IR Port, Type C
USB with USB Host, fingerprint, Bluetooth 4.2, EDGE, HSPA, WiFi with hotspot and
WiFi Direct

Performance & Aesthetics

Xiaomi Mi 5 packs the latest Snapdragon 820 SoC at the lowest price at this
point of time. The phone also supports either 3 GB or 4GB of RAM in its various
models. The Snapdragon 820 is a quad-core chip, but it is one of the fastest
chip that is found in the latest generation of flagship phones. To give you a
perspective about its performance let me tell you that even the Samsung Galaxy
S7 and LG G5 pack the same chip. The phone is also equipped with fast internal
memory i.e. UFS 2.0.

With this hardware you will never miss out on any of your hardware performance
need. The phone will literally do anything without even breaking a sweat.

Xiaomi Mi 5 is one of the most gorgeous phone that we have seen in a while. The
phone has curved sides and boasts Gorilla Glass 4 at the front as well as the
back giving the phone a premium look and feel.

The phone has very-thin bezels and has a metal frame protecting the display
along the sides. This metal frame not only adds to the looks of the phone but
also improves its usability by providing a better grip against that slippery
rear glass panel.

Mi 5 tips the scale at 129 grams, making it one of the lightest Android flagship
in the recent times.

Memory & Camera

Xiaomi has done away with the need to enable support for external memory via
micro SD cards and Mi 5 is no exception. However, the phone comes with 3 storage
options like 32 / 64 / 128 GB storage options. As already mentioned, the
internal memory (UFS 2.0) is very fast for all the operations that you might be
doing on your phone.

This is the same kind of memory that is found on the Galaxy S7 variants starting
from Rs. 48,900.

Xiaomi Mi 5 packs a 16 MP rear shooter supporting f/2.0 aperture and supports
phase-detection AF too for almost real-time focussing. The phone is also the
first of its kind to sport a 4-axis OIS which when coupled with its dual-tone
dual-LED flash can take some really amazing low-light photos.

On the front we have 4 MP ultra-pixel camera capable of taking selfies with good
amount of details.

Display & Battery Life

The phone packs a 5.15 inch IPS full-HD display protected by Gorilla Glass 4.
You might have wished for a 2K display, but trust me, the display is really good
and you'll love it.

The phone runs on Android Marshmallow out-of-the-box and is powered by a 3000
mAh Li-Po battery which is not user accessible. Xiaomi's unibody design leaves
no room for a removable battery setup but who cares about it when you get an
excellent battery backup?

The phone can easily last for more a day's of usage and also supports Qualcomm's
Quick Charge 3.0. Xiaomi claims that Mi 5 can be charged from 0-83% in 30 mins
flat. This is really impressive and means that even if drain the battery with
heavy gaming and have a party to attend to after your office, then all you need
to do is charge it for couple of minutes and you'll be good to go the evening.

Should You Buy It?

Priced at Rs. 21,000, the Xiaomi Mi 5 is the one of the greatest phones that you
can buy at this price tag. The phone's hardware is also pretty much worth every
rupee that you spend on it. The only feature that you would miss is the lack of
support for FM Radio, but that's the only compromise that you will have to make
if plan to go for the Mi 5.

