

Android is an open operating system, and an open OS is vulnerable to a lot of
attacks. There have been malware attacks and security bugs that have plagued the
Android world and the newest one to join the army is QuadRooter.

Unlike malwares, QuadRooter is an bug that exists in smartphones running on
Android and housing Qualcomm Snapdragon chipsets. The vulnerable chipsets pose a
threat to 900 million Android devices at the moment, and some of the most
popular, 'secure' and expensive smartphones out there.

The bug gives full access to the hacker without the need of user permission,
allowing the hacker to do anything with the user's data. The good thing is that
no incidence of attack has been posted on any Android device. This bug was first
notified to Qualcomm in April 2016, since then it has distributed security
patches to all OEMs.

On this topic, Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and Federal Trade
Commission (FTC) said, "Consumers may be left unprotected, for long periods of
time or even indefinitely, by any delays in patching vulnerabilities once they
are discovered. There are significant delays in delivering patches to actual
devices - and older devices may never be patched."

Google regularly released security patches every month for its Nexus devices and
other smartphone manufacturers, which should take care of these bugs. Qualcomm
has provided the patches for three out of the four flaws, and has developed the
code for the fourth which it plans to provide to all manufacturers.

Some of the phones that could be affected are -

     ·    BlackBerry Priv
     ·    Blackphone 1 and 2
     ·    Google Nexus 5X, 6 and 6P
     ·    HTC One M9 and HTC 10
     ·    LG G4, G5, and V10
     ·    New Moto X by Motorola
     ·    OnePlus One, 2 and 3
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge
     ·    Sony Xperia Z Ultra


In fact, the upcoming smartphone BlackBerry DTEK 50, which is also called the
most secure Android phone, will also be vulnerable to this bug. Unfortunately,
the smartphone manufacturers might take some time to release these patches, so a
few phones could be affected by this issue. There is also no security
application that can catch this bug in your smartphone.

Just as a precaution, make sure you have upgraded to the latest version of
Android and are not indulging in rooting your smartphone right now. FCC and
other regulators have reached out to smartphone manufacturers to pursue them to
release updates soon. Considering hackers already know about this bug, they can
easily manipulate your smartphone and steal data. "QuadRooter Bug Potentially
Affecting 900 Mln Android Devices; Security Patches Coming Soon", 5 out of 5
based on 1 ratings.

