

We're not yet at the stage where you say "Cook!" and your kitchen automatically
whips up a chicken dinner, but there are some cool innovations gaining traction
or coming down the pipe. Here's a sampling:

OPEN SESAME

The Blum Servo-Drive motorized system opens and closes drawers with just a light
touch - ideal when your hands are full or mucky from food preparation. The
system, available through Astro Design Centre, Deslaurier Custom Cabinets and
elsewhere, is hardwired. It runs around $300 per drawer installed. Blum also has
a motorized touch system for cabinet doors that lift rather than swing open.

CLOSE SESAME

A refrigerator that doesn't look like one, thanks to a cabinet door-like
covering? Old hat. Downsview Kitchens and Fine Custom Cabinetry in Mississauga
(downsviewkitchens. com) is among those offering a sliding door that conceals an
oven, adding to a kitchen's sleek appearance. Doors from Downsview and elsewhere
are available in glass, wood or other materials. Expect to pay $1,000 to $2,000
and remember that when it slides open, the door will cover some other part of
your cabinetry.

WATER, WATER, EVERYWHERE

Aquabrass kitchen faucets feature an LED light built into the handle that
changes colour depending on the temperature of the water. It beats sticking your
hand under the tap to see if it's scalding hot. The faucet is $1,995 at Westend
Bath and Kitchen in Ottawa. Gessi manufactures a faucet with the light built
into the dispenser, so the water itself glows from blue to red. Run by a tiny
turbine, it uses no electricity. Find it for around $1,800 at Astro Design
Centre. Upcoming in faucets: Dornbracht's Elio Water Dispenser supplies
near-boiling water (93 C) for coffee, tea and cleanup needs. The suggested
retail price is $988 and it'll be available in the new year.

APPLIANCES

Neat stuff includes LG's Smart Refrigerator released in the United States
earlier this year. It ramps up its cooling power when electricity rates are low,
and cuts back during peak-rate times. Forget to close the door and you'll get a
message on the refrigerator's display panel. Future models will send a message
to your smartphone or tablet. You can also check remotely on the fridge contents
or operating temperature. The appliance isn't yet available here, but watch for
it.

DOWN BELOW

When it comes to kitchen flooring, ceramic tile and some hardwood are still the
standard bearers, according to Friedemann Weinhardt of Design First Interiors.
He says hardwood, long thought of as a non-starter in a high-traffic,
dropped-object area like a kitchen, works well if coated with a good-quality
Varathane.

Jimmy Georgitsos of Astro Design Centre is taken with Cerdomus porcelain tiles
that resemble wood. He saw them at the Cersaie trade show in Bologna, Italy,
this year, and hopes to stock them next year. "They've got the beauty of wood
and the durability of porcelain."

LIGHT UP YOUR LIFE

Thin LED strip lights are appearing inside kitchen cabinets, pantries and pretty
much anywhere else you need temporary light. These LEDs are long-lasting (up to
50,000 hours), unobtrusive and a blessing when rummaging through that messy
bottom cabinet for a Tupperware lid. Available at Torbram Electric in Ottawa,
they are about $150 for a three-metre length, which can be cut into shorter
strips.

You'll also need a transformer, connectors and on/off pressure switches for each
door, adding about $225 to outfit three doors. The system can be either
hardwired or plugged into an outlet.

LED light bulbs - now dimmable and with a softer glow - are tumbling in price.
Costing as little as $25 at Home Depot and elsewhere, they're suitable for
kitchen pot lights.

