

The Ten Best Mobile phones

G1 O2 Cocoon

£299.99 (pay as you go)

It looks like it's clad in shiny white plastic, but blue LEDs light up to tell
you who's calling or what track is playing. There's also a decent but not
outstanding 2-megapixel camera. www.o2.co.uk; 0800 224 477

A2 Samsung G600

£169.95 (pas as you go)

Samsung's latest camera-phone has 5 megapixels, as high a resolution as on many
regular digital cameras. The xenon flash is nice, as are the neat image tricks
and panoramic shots. www.samsung.co.uk; 0800 521 652

G3 Motorola RAZR 2 V8

£299.95 (handset only)

The first RAZR was one of the most successful handsets ever made. This new model
is a superb, thanks to its overhauled operating system - once Motorola's
Achilles heel. It lacks 3G functionality, but unless you want fast data transfer
this won't be a problem. www.motorola.com/uk; 0800 015 1151

A4 Samsung U700v

Free with contract

The U700v, exclusive to Vodafone, works via regular buttons and touch-sensitive
lights. The 3.2 megapixel camera has autofocus, and the phone is very fast for
web-surfing. www.vodafone.co.uk; 0808 036 5366

G5 Nokia 8600 Luna

£469.95 (pay as you go)

This glamourpuss phone has a cool smoked-glass front. It has no great
music-player facilities or camera, but you'll want it for its standout looks.
www.carphonewarehouse.com; 0800 925 925

G6 Sony Ericsson W580i

£129.95 (pay as you go)

This petite mobile has a stereo headset and decent music software. It comes with
TrackID - hold the phone up to a speaker and it will text you to tell you what
you're listening to. It can also measure your running speed.
www.sonyericsson.co.uk; 08705 237 237

A7 Sony Ericsson P1i

£349.95 (handset only)

The P1i has a touch-screen and a keyboard, making text entry easy. The 3.2
megapixel camera is strong, and while the interface isn't great this is still
Sony Ericsson's best smartphone yet. www.sonyericsson.co.uk; 08705 237 237

G8 LG KU990 Viewty

£TBA

The Viewty is a touch-screen phone with a 5-megapixel camera that can be used to
good effect thanks to its large (3in) screen. It has image stabilisation to keep
pictures steady, and there's a manual focus, too - both firsts for a UK mobile.
It also shoots videos, which can be uploaded direct to YouTube. www.lge.co.uk;
0870 607 5544

A9 Motorola RIZR Z8

£329.95 (pay as you go)

This neat slider has a kick to it - as you open it up the mouthpiece swings out
to meet the curves of your face. The screen is small but pin-sharp.
www.carphonewarehouse.com; 0800 925 925

G10 Nokia 6300

£89.95 (pay as you go)

One of the best-value, most simple-but-sophisticated phones of the year is now
available in a range of colours. It's slim and attractive, and comes alive fast.
www.carphonewarehouse.com; 0800 925 925

