

You know how it is after a long, exhausting flight, you and your partner have
finally stepped into the calm of a hotel foyer.

You want everything to be already in place, arranged exactly as you like it and
in this modern age, is that too much to ask?

As it happens, in this particular establishment, your arrival couldn't be more
serene. For starters, there's no queue snaking out from the check-in counter.

Rather, you're greeted by a 'virtual' concierge on a video touchscreen, who
tells you that your room is ready and that you won't need a key. Simply showing
the unique iris pattern in your eye to a scanner on the door is enough to let
you in, but keep everyone else out.

Inside, the stereo is already playing your favourite Miles Davis album, the air
conditioning is set just how you like it and the fridge is full of your
favourite Krug champagne.

Pick up the touchscreen room controller and you can access everything from the
light setting to the room's curtains or talk to the virtual concierge.

Whatever you wish to drink, from coffee to cocktails, can be dispensed at one
touch via the virtual barman a screen with an udderlike assembly at the bottom
linked to a remote bar, which mixes any drink you can think of. Flick a switch
and you can download a film to your flatscreen TV and start watching right away.

The hotel already knows when you prefer to have breakfast on weekdays, how you
like your eggs and what fruit you require in the bowl by your bed. If you
wanted, you wouldn't have to talk faceto-face with another human for weeks.

But this isn't the hotel of the future.

The technology for this kind of service is either already installed in selected
five-star establishments or its arrival is imminent. Hotels are no longer
prepared to settle for a few beige PCs in the business centre technology is as
much a part of the luxury experience as multilingual concierges, crisp sheets
and excessive use of marble in the foyer.

'In the past, hotels have been hightouch, rather than hi-tech,' says Douglas
Rice, CEO of Hotel Technology Next Generation, which brings technology companies
together with hotel chains a crossover now estimated to be worth Pounds 14
billion a year.

'But that's changing, thanks to the electronics revolution. Customers are now
looking at hotel rooms and thinking that they already have these things in their
home. Over the next few years, technology is going to become an essential part
of customer service.' At New York's Mandarin Oriental, each of the 248 rooms
contains more than Pounds 25,000-worth of electronics but it's not the Samsung
plasma screens, PCs, iPod docks, or Xbox 360s that put it ahead of the
competition. The hotel's multimillion-pound 'converged network' uses
technologies that few businesses on Earth have adopted.

'When we put a new network into the hotel, we knew we needed something that did
more than just make the telephones ring,' says Eric Cruz, the hotel's IT
director. 'The next generation of luxury technology is going to be personal and
the whole hotel works together to achieve that. This sort of equipment is going
to be standard in all Mandarin Oriental hotels from next year.' The 'converged'
network carries everything from phone calls and emails to the electronic
controls for the air conditioning and remembers everything from your taste in
Seventies rock to what you ordered for breakfast on Wednesday.

And as it remembers, it predicts what you might want next, and acts on it.

Even if you stay for one week, you'll notice the service becoming subtly more
personal as the system learns your tastes.

Most new hotels are installing networks at least as hi-tech as this. In the
Emirates Palace in Abu Dhabi, the entire hotel is covered by a wireless network
you could even control your room's curtains from the end of the hotel's own
beach, if you so desired.

Other boutique hotels are showcasing even more advanced technologies.

'Eyeball scanning security is used at Heathrow Airport and at Microsoft's
headquarters but we're the first hotel with it,' says James Horsman, managing
director of Boston's Nine Zero Hotel. 'People love it if you have your arms
full, you can lean over and stare at a lens and the door unlocks without you
having to fiddle about for your key.'

The iris-secured suite at Nine Zero has been used by Pink, Missy Elliott and
Christina Aguilera, and remains popular with high-profile clients for the
unbeatable security it offers.

'These days, it's no longer just business travellers who want the very latest
technology in their rooms our leisure guests want as much,' says Luke Mellors,
IT director of London's Dorchester Hotel, which offers plasma screens, a Bose
Lifestyle 28 surround-sound audio system and a PC in every room.

'When people pay for five-star, they're not just forking out for luxuries, it's
the level of service,' says Mellors.

'That's why we came up with e-butlers butlers who're there to help with anything
technological, from using the hotel internet connection to getting their iPods
to link to our PCs. We now have four on call from 8am until midnight and they're
so popular we've had regular guests calling our e-butlers while they're staying
at other hotels.' Technology butlers are now standard at several top US hotel
chains. At Santa Monica's Viceroy Hotel, tech butlers also turn their hands to
helping guests with problems in videogames on the Xboxes provided in every room
or the free PlayStation Portables by the pool.

But even these flesh-and-blood techno-helpers could soon be outdated.

The automated bartender from new company Ontap4u is a row of metal pipes
attached to a PC screen, which can dispense everything from hot cappuccino to
ready-shaken cocktails in response to a tap on its touchscreen.

For hotels, it could spell an end to drinking the minibar dry with barstyle
fluid lines leading direct to rooms, staff don't even need to leave the kitchen
to restock the fridge.

Even in the restaurant, menus could soon be made of touch-sensitive screens,
allowing diners to place orders instantly, and virtual concierge kiosks could
put guests in two-way video contact with staff at the touch of a button.

'People talk about the hotel room of tomorrow but we can create it today,' says
Matt Muta, director of Microsoft's Hospitality Industry Unit, which works with
Ontap4u. 'The interest in these technologies from hoteliers has been
unbelievable.' Microsoft now deals directly with dozens of hotel chains around
the world as part of the Hotel Technology Next Generation group.

'Microsoft spends Pounds 4 billion a year on research,' says Muta. 'So it's
natural hotel chains come to us. And we get to show off cutting-edge technology
in a luxury environment. Part of our goal is that guests will go home and think,
"I want one of those in my house."'

TOP TECHNO HOTELS

SEMIRAMIS, ATHENS

Doubles from Pounds 121

Hi-tech trick The Do Not Disturb sign is replaced by a scrolling LED, which can
display almost any message you fancy.

Other extras Internet flatscreen TV, cordless headphones and
remotecontrolledcurtains.

semiramisathens.com

YOTEL, LONDON

Due to open this year

Hi-tech trick A Japanese style capsule hotel that will offer a 'techno wall'
with a flatscreen TV and hundreds of downloadable movies and music albums.

Other extrasSurround speakers, wi-fi internet.

yotel.co.uk

MANDARIN EMIRATES PALACE, ABU DHABI

Suites from Pounds 1,550

Hi-tech trick The hotel is covered by a wi-fi internet network, which allows you
to use your room's portable control panel to order drinks or download a film to
your suite's TV, even when you're on the beach.

Other extras Each room has two plasma screens.

emiratespalace.com

ORIENTAL NEW YORK

Suites from Pounds 1,000

Hi-tech trick Your room stores your preferences for heating, lighting and wakeup
calls, as well as your phone contacts book. These can be reactivated if you
revisit the hotel.

Other extras High-definition LCD televisions, videos and games on demand via the
internet, highspeed internet access, Xbox 360s, iPod connector.

mandarinoriental.com

NINE ZERO, BOSTON

Cloud Nine suite from Pounds 2,300

Hi-tech trick Guests staying in the Cloud Nine suite are presented with the
option of swapping their key for an LG Electronics' iris-recognition security
system, which requires you to simply stare into a scanner to unlock the room's
door.

Other extrasHigh-speed internet, flatscreen TV, films/games on demand.

ninezero.com

TRIBECA GRAND, NEW YORK

Suites from Pounds 211

Hi-tech trick The iStudio rooms offer guests a mini movie studio built around a
top-of-therange-Apple G5 Powermac and you can book a Director's Cut package,
where you are given a Sony DVD Handycam for the day to record, then edit, your
impressions of New York.

Other extrasiSight video cameras, iPod, Bose SoundDock for iPod, wireless
keyboard and mouse.

tribecagrand.com

