

French

Agnes b Le Pain Grille

Shop 1, 111 Leighton Road, Causeway Bay, Tel: 2577 2718 (Branches in Fashion
Walk, tel: 2577 0370; Festival Walk, tel: 2265 7680; Central, tel: 2805 0798).
Signature dishes: fish soup, mussels with white wine and cream, grilled lamb
chops with garlic confit, rosemary sauce and mixed vegetables. $$$$

Amber

7/F Landmark Mandarin Oriental, 15 Queen's Road, Central. Tel: 2132 0066.
Signature dishes: watermelon with vine cherry tomatoes and goat's cheese,
11-hour poached Kurobuta pork belly, Margaret River Wagyu beef. $$$$$

Amigo

Amigo Mansion, 79A Wong Nai Chung Road, Happy Valley. Tel: 2577 8993. Signature
dishes: turtle soup with cream and light curry flavour, roasted oyster and
grilled fillet steak with shallot red wine sauce, king prawn baked with gruyère,
pan-fried sea bass with mushrooms, Grand Marnier soufflé. $$$$$

Amuse Bouche

22/F, The Hennessy, 256 Hennessy Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2891 3666. Signature
dishes: duck confit with sautéed potatoes and herb salad, lobster bisque,
abalone with sea urchin, foie gras with roasted fig jelly and red vinaigrette
reduction, Tuscan artisinal pasta with black truffle and chicken gravy. $$$$$

L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon

Shop 401, 4/F The Landmark, Central. Tel: 2166 9000. Signature dishes: sea
urchin with lobster jelly and cauliflower cream, beef burgers with foie gras,
spaghetti with black truffle, parmesan and egg, steak tartare, Chartreuse
souffle. $$$$$

Bistrot Le Fauchon

Shop 2310-2311, 2/F Gateway Arcade, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2956 3286.
(Branches in Wan Chai, tel: 2528 1286; Central, tel: 2526 8318; Mong Kok, tel:
2628 9398). Signature dishes: goose liver pate, onion soup, grilled quail. $$$$

La Brasserie

LG/F The Marco Polo Gateway, Harbour City, 13 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2113 7925. Signature dishes: pressed duck (one week advance notice), gratinated
burgundy snails, bouillabaisse, daube of beef bordelaise. $$$$

Brasserie on the Eighth

8/F Conrad Hotel, Pacific Place, Admiralty. Tel: 2521 3838 ext 8240. Signature
dishes: Alaskan crab salad with mango and  avocado, bouillabaisse with rouille,
veal cheeks braised with aged port wine sauce, Provençale-style rack of lamb
with tarragon sauce, chocolate mousse with passion fruit coulis. $$$$$

Cafe de Paris

23 Elgin Street, SoHo. Tel: 2810 0771. (Branch in Stanley, tel: 2813 4822).
Signature dishes: pan-fried foie gras with grape-ginger marmalade, mussels in
white wine and parsley butter sauce, rib-eye steak with Cafe de Paris butter,
chocolate fondue. $$$$

Caprice

6/F Four Seasons, 8 Finance Street, Central. Tel: 3196 8860. Signature dishes:
ravioli of langoustine, sweetbread and chanterelle mushrooms with shellfish
sauce, smoked scallop skewer with rosemary, truffle capellini and pumpkin
emulsion, warm duck foie gras with sweet and sour red berries. $$$$$

Cepage

23 Wing Fung Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2861 3130. Signature dishes: chestnut soup
with pan-fried foie gras, bacon and virtual cappuccino, pan-fried Hida beef with
wok-sautéed seasonal vegetables, seared line-caught Amadai on scales with
lobster oil and yuzu sauce, roasted veal from Cote du Limousin with pesto
tagliatelle and salad, shellfish bouillon and lobster ravioli with finely sliced
fresh ginger. $$$$$

La Creperie

1/F, 100 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai. Tel: 2529 9280. Signature dishes: Eckmuhl
galette (reblochon cheese with potatoes, bacon and onions),  la marini (scallops
with bacon, mushrooms and white wine), la bigoudene (ham, Emmental cheese and
egg), la sextant (caramelised apples and salted butter caramel). $$

Dap

1/F, 102 Austin Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3526 1228.  Signature dishes: Angus
beef carpaccio with truffle and Parmesan cheese in light anchovy sauce, sautéed
foie gras with apple chutney, roasted suckling pig with marinated grapes, roast
rack of lamb with port wine sauce. $$$$$

The French Window

Shop 3101, Podium Level 3, IFC Mall, Central. Tel: 2393 3812. Signature dishes:
grilled scallops with cep mushrooms and parsley butter, pan-seared lamb with
Middle East pesto. $$$$$

Gaddi's

1/F, The Peninsula, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 3171. Signature
dishes: scallop carpaccio and black truffle, poached pike souffle with pan-fried
crayfish, roasted pigeon with white beans and pan-fried goose liver. $$$$$

Le Goûter Bernardaud

Shop 2028-2029, Podium Level 2, IFC Mall, 8 Finance Street, Central. Tel: 2295
3955. Signature dishes: croque monsieur, tartine chèvre on Poilâne bread,
French-cut US pork chop with mashed potatoes.  $$

Green Mouse

33 Peel Street, Central. Tel: 2544 0389. Signature dishes: snails in green
garlic butter sauce, duck confit, French pigeon, pistachio crème brûlée. $$$$

Le Marron

12/F Ying Kong Mansion, 2-6 Yee Wo Street, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2881 6662.
Signature dishes: pan-fried foie gras, cassoulet with imported confit de canard,
tarte Tatin. $$$$

Liberty Private Works

3/F 12 Wellington Street, Central. Tel: 5186 3282. Signature dishes: menu
changes  daily. $$$$$

On Lot 10

34 Gough Street, Central. Tel: 2155 9210. Signature dishes: fish soup, fish of
the day baked in salt crust, roasted local farm chicken with black truffles and
sweet peas. $$$$

Pastis

65 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2537 5702. Signature dishes: homemade duck
rillette, shrimp with garlic, homemade apple tart. $$$

Petrus

56/F Island Shangri-la, Pacific Place, Admiralty. Tel: 2820 8590. Signature
dishes: smoked Scottish salmon fillet with a royal caviar cream, Brittany turbot
fillet stuffed with lemon confit, vanilla mille-feuille with jam. $$$$$

Pierre

25/F Mandarin Oriental, 5 Connaught Road Central. Tel: 2825 4001. Signature
dishes: degustation menu, "La Rouge", rack of lamb, "La Langouste", les desserts
de Pierre Gagnaire. $$$$$

The Press Room

108 Hollywood Road, Central. Tel: 2525 3444. Signature dishes: fruits de mer
platter, French onion soup, free-range chicken breast coq au vin, duck
bolognaise, pear tarte tatin. $$$$

Riva

27/F The Park Lane, 310 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2839 3327. Signature
dishes: light lobster salad, lobster fricassee with creamy Chablis sauce, penne
pasta scented with black truffle oil, pan-seared Australian rack of lamb with
wild mushroom risotto, warm Valrhona chocolate cake with almond crisps. $$$$

Savoye Bistro

Hon Man Mansion, 9-11 Wing Hing Street, Tin Hau. Tel: 2503 3222. Signature
dishes: grilled beef tenderloin with green peppercorn sauce, Cajun-style roasted
garoupa, souffles. $$$$

La Terrasse Wine  Bar & Restaurant

19 Old Bailey Street, SoHo. Tel: 2147 2225. Signature dishes: vol au vent with
escargot in parsley butter, prawn cocktail with avocado mousse, coq au vin,
aiguilletes of duck breast with morel mushroom feuillete.  $$$-$$$$

Whisk

5/F The Mira Hotel Hong Kong, 118 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 5999.
Signature dishes: baked lobster bisque with herb souffle, tagliatelle with
sautéed Maine lobster in aromatic oil. $$$$$

Sichuan

Dragon Inn

G/F Regal Airport Hotel, 9 Cheong Tat Road, Hong Kong International Airport,
Chek Lap Kok. Tel: 2286 6878. Signature dishes: braised pork belly with eggs,
fried rice cake with squid fillet, braised sliced pork with bamboo, poached eel
with chilli, steamed winter  melon with dried shrimp and salted  pork. $$

Mask of Si Chuen

Shop 33, East TST MTR station, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2311 9233.
Signature dishes: dan dan noodles in spicy soup, goose liver with Chinese yellow
wine, fried prawns with chilli sauce.  $$$

Red Pepper

7 Lan Fong Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2577 3811. Signature dishes: sizzling prawns
with chilli sauce on hot iron plate, fried whole garoupa with sweet and sour
sauce, smoked duck with camphor wood. $$

San Xi Lou

7/F Coda Plaza, 51 Garden Road, Central. Tel: 2838 8811. Signature dishes:
Sichuan hotpot, marinated cold chicken with peanuts and spicy sauce, cold fatty
pork with spicy and garlic sauce, marinated ox tripe, braised vermicelli with
pork and chilli bean  paste. $-$$

Sichuan Da Ping Huo

LG/F Hilltop Plaza, 49 Hollywood Road, Central. Tel: 2559 1317. Signature
dishes: pork belly with pumpkin, spicy chicken with mung bean sheets and
peanuts, beef brisket and tendon in chilli sauce. $$$

Tanyoto Restaurant

2/F 26 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 8120 0033. (Branches in Wan Chai,
tel: 2893 9268; Mongkok, tel: 2381 2000). Signature dishes: hot braised garoupa,
oysters in port wine casserole.  $$

Steaks

Anthony's Ranch

28 Yi Chun Street, Sai Kung. Tel: 2791 6113. Signature dishes: smoked ribs, hot
wings, hot chocolate brownie with ice cream. $$$

Bistecca Italian Steak House

2/F Grand Progress Building, 15-16 Lan Kwai Fong, Central. Tel: 2525 1308.
Signature dishes: thick cut bacon with gremolata, Delmonico 24oz bone-in
rib-eye. $$$$$

Black Stump Australian  Grill and Bar

1 Knutsford Terrace, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2721 0202. Signature dishes: wagyu
rib-eye steak, char-grilled grain-fed saddle lamb chops in crushed lemon wattle,
baked pavlova with Queensland berries and country  cream. $$$

BLT Steak

G62, Ocean Terminal, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2730 3508. Signature
dishes: flat iron steak, wagyu sirloin, tuna tartare, lemon-rosemary chicken.
$$$$

China Coast Bar & Grill

G/F, Regal Airport Hotel, 9 Cheong Tat Road, Chek Lap Kok. Tel: 2286 6898.
Signature dishes: jumbo crab cakes, prime Angus burger, filet mignon, New York
strip steak, rib-eye steak, lobster cappuccino. $$$-$$$$

Craftsteak

29 Elgin Street, SoHo. Tel: 2526 0999. Signature dishes: foie gras poutine,
spicy steak tartare on grilled toast, Black Angus sirloin, T-bone steak. $$$

Knutsford Steak  Chop & Oyster Bar

Level 1, 15 Knutsford Terrace, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2316 2381. Signature dishes:
char-grilled rib-eye steak, freshly shucked oysters. $$$

Lawry's The Prime Rib

4/F The Lee Gardens, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2907 2218. Signature
dishes: prime rib with Yorkshire pudding, creamed spinach, creamed corn. $$$$$

Louis' Steak House

1/F Malaysia Building, 50 Gloucester Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2529 8933. Signature
dishes: chateaubriand for two, porterhouse, Dutch steak, prawn cocktail, crêpes
Suzette. $$$

Mezzo Grill

1/F Regal Kowloon Hotel, 71 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2313 8778. Signature
dishes: oyster shooters with caviar, lobster, mango and avocado salad,
mesquite-grilled ostrich skewer, surf and turf, lemon ganache tart, iced Grand
Marnier souffle. $$$$

Morton's of Chicago

4/F Sheraton Hong Kong Hotel & Towers. 20 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2732
2343. Signature dishes: double filet mignon, porterhouse steak, New York strip
sirloin, veal chop. $$$$$

Opus Grill

7/F, LKF Tower, 33 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2526 2366. Signature dishes:
steamed Dungeness crab cake with Old Bay spiced avocado, dry-aged steaks,
lobster risotto with brown butter and mascarpone, brandy raisin semifreddo with
cashew nougatine. $$$$$

Outback Steakhouse

2/F JP Plaza, 22-36 Paterson Street, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2881 8012. (Branches in
Tsuen Wan, tel: 2940 0682; Hung Hom, tel: 2766 2823; Tsim Sha Tsui East, tel:
2311 7800; Wan Chai, tel: 3101 0418; Taikoo Shing, tel: 2560 8246; Tsim Sha
Tsui, tel: 3741 1728). Signature dishes: New York strip steak, porterhouse
steak, New Zealand rack of lamb with cabernet sauce, grilled chicken breast with
bacon, mushrooms and cheese. $$$

Ruth's Chris Steak House

Shop 1 , G/F Lippo Centre, 89 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 2522 9090. (Branch in
Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2366 6000). Signature dishes: filet mignon, New York strip
steak. $$$$$

The Steak House

G/F Hotel InterContinental Hong Kong, 18 Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2313 2405. Signature dishes: Australian wagyu, chateaubriand for two, Australian
Angus, Kagoshima pork loin, Boston  lobster. $$$$$

Steik World Meats

Shop 14, Level 3, K11, 18 Hanoi Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2530 0011. Signature
dishes: pan-seared foie gras with toasted brioche and peach chutney, grilled
scallop with green curry butter, eight-hour wagyu bolognaise with spaghetti,
Steik World meat tasting platter. $$$$$

Wagyu

The Centrium, 60 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2525 8805. (Branch inCentral,
tel: 2522 1438). Signature dishes: Thai king prawn lollipops, salt-crusted wagyu
beef strips, wagyu filet.  $$$$

Wooloomooloo Bar & Grill

G/F & 1/F, Onfem Tower, 29 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2894 8010. (Branches in
Elements, tel: 2736 9771; TST East, tel: 2722 7050; Wan Chai, tel: 2893 6960).
Signature dishes: blue swimmer crab cake with mustard mayonnaise sauce, rib-eye
steak with spicy marinade, nut-crusted roasted seabass with rich tomato sauce,
hell's gate hot chocolate cake with a warm liquid centre. $$$$

W's Entrecote

6/F, 33 Sharp Street East, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2506 0133. Signature dishes:
rib-eye steak with herb butter and all-you-can-eat fries, pan-fried goose liver.
$$$

Mediterranean

Classified - Mozzarella Bar

31 Wing Fung Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2528 3454. Signature dishes: burrata with
tomatoes, charcuterie selection, bacon-wrapped mozzarella with fig jam. $$$$$

Cococabana

UG/F, Beach Building, Island Road, Deep Water Bay. Tel: 2812 2226. Signature
dishes: Mediterranean seafood bisque, Greek chicken with noodles, seafood with
couscous, bouillabaisse. $$-$$$

Duo Restaurant

118 Hollywood Road, Central. Tel: 2547 0000. Signature dishes: linguine with
pesto cream sauce, seared tuna with mesclun salad. $$$$$

Enoteca

47 Elgin Street, SoHo. Tel: 2525 9944. Signature dishes: white wine platter,
warm lamb salad, Mediterranean pizza. $$$$

El Greco

5 Wai Fung Street, Ap Lei Chau. Tel: 2328 2138. Signature dishes: minced lamb
meatballs with tomato sauce and yogurt, pork souvlaki, char-grilled chicken with
paprika and  lemon. $$$

Scirocco

1/F 10-12 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2973 6605. Signature dishes: sizzling
chilli and garlic prawns, chicken kebabs, antipasti misto. $$$-$$$$

The Stoep (South African and Mediterranean)

32 Lower Cheung Sha Village, Lantau Island. Tel: 2980 2699. Signature dishes:
ostrich steak with green peppercorn cream sauce, bobotie with yellow raisin
rice, marinated salmon steak with mustard sauce, calamari in red wine, mussels
stewed with chorizo sausage and tomatoes. $$

Zelo

Shop 2207, LG1, Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 2918 1028.
Signature dishes: fried artichoke hearts with manchego cheese, crispy whitebait
with aioli, herbed and confit garlic baked ricotta ravioli with warm basil
pistou. $$$-$$$$

Hotpot

Lin Kee Hotpot

8/F, Causeway Bay Plaza Phase 2, 463-483 Lockhart Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2834
0998. (Branch in Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2721 8171). Signature dishes: spicy
Taiwanese hotpot soup base, preserved egg soup base, thinly sliced prime beef,
pork and mushroom balls. $-$$

Little Sheep

2/F Causeway Bay Plaza Phase 2, 463-483 Lockhart Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2893 8318.
(Branches in Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2722 7633; Mongkok, tel: 2396 8816; Tsuen Wan,
tel: 2940 7678). Signature dishes: yin-yang soup base, shaved lamb, Mongolian
fatty lamb noodles, frozen bean curd, minced mutton and spinach dumplings. $$

New F.F. Hotpot

340-346 Jaffe Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2838 9392. Signature dishes: spicy soup base,
chicken kidneys, prime beef slices, make-your-own dipping sauce. $$

Megan's Kitchen

5/F Lucky Centre, 165-171 Wanchai Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2866 8305. Signature
dishes: tom yum cappuccino soup base, flowering chives and pork dumplings,
spring onion cuttlefish balls, fu chow spicy fish balls.  $$$

Miscellaneous

Al Pasha Silk Road Cuisine

Shop 401, Level 4, K11, 18 Hanoi Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3122 4444. Signature
dishes: Xinjiang bread, roast lamb shank with cumin, stir-fried camel saddle
with asparagus. $$

Alfie's by Kee (modern British)

Prince's Building, Shop G5, G/F 10 Chater Road, Central. Tel: 2530 4422.
Signature dishes: Ticklemore goat cheese, sage and caramelised onion tart, H
Forman and Son's smoked haddock and prawn kedgeree, fish and chips. $$$$

Balalaika (Russian)

2/F, 10 Knutsford Terrace, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2312 6222. (Branch in Lan Kwai
Fong, tel: 3579 2929) Signature dishes: duck liver paté with smoked duck breast,
charcoal-grilled skewers, beef stew in red wine sauce with vegetables. $$$

BLT Burger

Shop 301, Level 3, Ocean Terminal, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2730 2338.
Signature dishes: BLT burger, Australian wagyu burger, skinny fries, Vidalia
onion rings. $$

Cafe Gray Deluxe  (Asian and European)

49/F, The Upper House, Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 3968 1106.
Signature dishes: barbecued quail and red beet salad, steamed sea bass, chilled
lemon grass soup with lime sorbet, passion fruit souffle. $$$$$

Casa Lisboa Portuguese  Restaurant & Bar

8/F LKF Tower, 55 D'Aguilar Street, Central. Tel: 2905 1168. Signature dishes:
shredded bacalhau with potatoes and eggs, tiger prawns with chilli and lemon,
duck rice "old style", caramel pudding with orange. $$$$

Cicada (Asian tapas)

4 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2521 8188. Signature dishes: Paneer tikki patties,
wok-tossed chilli garlic shrimp, five-spiced  squid. $$$

La Cuisine de Mekong (Thai, Vietnamese, Laos, Cambodian, Myanmar)

3/F, 15 Knutsford Terrace, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2316 2288. Signature dishes:
crispy lobster spring roll, soft shell crab with herbs and spices, shrimp mousse
with sugarcane.  $$$

The Drawing Room  (Italian and French)

1/F JIA Boutique Hotel, 1-5 Irving Street, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2915 6628.
Signature dishes: tomato water with clams, langoustine and seafood foam, wagyu
trio, tuna belly with wild herb emulsion and burrata. $$$$$

Duetto (Italian and Indian)

2/F Sun Hung Kai Centre, 30 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2598 1222. Signature
dishes: Burrata with vegetable caponata, tandoori mixed grill, pan-roasted fish
fillet in coconut and coriander marinade. $$$

Hong Kong Day (international noodles)

Shop P102, Level P1, The Peak Tower, The Peak. Tel: 2849 7855. Signature dishes:
Salmon salad with wasabi vinaigrette, Thai prawn cakes with pint, coriander,
lemongrass and chilli, prawn laksa, pan-fried risotto. $$

Felix (contemporary)

28/F The Peninsula Hong Kong, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 3188.
Signature dishes: Hoisin-grilled baby back pork ribs, filet mignon with Italian
porcini red wine sauce, Felix tiramisu. $$$$$

The Flying Pan (all-day breakfast)

9 Old Bailey Street, Central. Tel: 2140 6333. (Branch in Wan Chai, tel: 2528
9997). Signature dishes: Omelettes, French toast, waffles, British fly-up,
4x4x4. $-$$

Life Cafe (vegetarian)

10 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2810 9777. Signature dishes: Moroccan ground nut
stew, roasted vegetable lasagne, quinoa oat and mushroom bake, oven-roasted
za'atar. $$-$$$

Nepal Restaurant

14 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2869 6212. Signature dishes: Momocha, aloo chop,
royal chicken. $$$

Nino's Cozinha Cafe &  Restaurant (Portuguese)

5/F QRE Plaza, 202 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai. Tel: 2866 1868. Signature
dishes: salted codfish with olive oil, onions, tomatoes, peppers and egg,
pan-fried US beef spare ribs with fresh vegetables, Portuguese spicy grilled
chicken, baked duck rice. $$$

Nomads (Mongolian barbecue)

55 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2722 0733. Signature dishes:
all-you-can-eat Mongolian buffet. $$

La Pampa (Argentinian)

32 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2868 6959. Signature dishes: bife de lomo, beef
tenderloin steak, Argentine beef sausage, tomato stuffed with chicken or tuna.
$$-$$$

The Pawn (modern British)

62 Johnston Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2866 3444. Signature dishes: roast bone marrow,
pan-roasted sardines and shrimp, summer pudding with cornish clotted cream
(right)  $$$$

Pickled Pelican (English)

43 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2868 6026. (Branch in Stanley, tel: 2813 4313).
Signature dishes: fish and chips, beef and mushroom pot pie, dill salmon
carpaccio with rocket and potato salad. $$$

Sagrantino (Tokyo-style Italian)

5/F The Loop, 33 Wellington Street, Central. Tel: 2521 5188. Signature dishes:
grilled salmon head, grilled seafood. $$$

Simplicity Crepes & Wine (international crepes)

41 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2576 9886. Signature dishes: ham and cheese
crepe, Snicker's crepe. $

Spice Market

3/F Marco Polo Prince, 23 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2113 6046. Signature
dishes: homemade vegetable samosa with mint dip, tom yum kung, nasi goreng with
satay, glutinous rice with mango and coconut sauce, Soft shell crab tempura
(above). $$$

Te (international pasta)

1/F Cheung Hing Commercial Building, 37 Cochrane Street, Central. Tel: 2110
6910. (Branch  in Lan Kwai Fong, tel: 3421 0914). Signature dishes: Mentaiko
spaghetti,  spaghetti vongole bianco, spaghetti with eggplant and ham. $

Uncle Moustache (Chinese/French)

Shop GC24-26, 35 Tai Hong Street, Lei King Wan, Sai Wan Ho. Tel: 2967 6764
Signature dishes: pig's lung and almond soup, dong po pork belly, prawns with
salted egg yolk, crab with glutinous rice. $$$

