

Preschools

Multiple locations

CALISON'S LETTERLAND INTERNATIONAL KINDERGARTEN

Causeway Bay: 2/F, Marco Polo Mansions, 10 Cleveland Street; 4/F, Capital
Commercial Building, 26 Leighton Road

Sheung Wan: 1/F, Wing Hing Commercial Building, 139 Wing Lok Street

Jordan: 7/F, Will Strong Development Building, 59 Parkes Street

Tel: 5188 0671

Email: info@letter-land.com

Website: www.letter-land.com

Year groups: Nursery-K3

Number of students: Varies from school to school and depending on classes

Year founded: 1996

Curriculum: British early years foundation stage and key stage one

Medium: English, Putonghua

Extracurricular activities: Language, literacy, fix-it phonics class, Putonghua,
ballet, drama, yoga classes, jazz, music, helper workshops

Fees: HK$4,400/month; Saturday class HK$1,500

DEBORAH EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTE

25 locations in Hong Kong and on the mainland

Tel: 2362 8379

E-mail: deborahi@netvigator.com

Website: www.deborah-intl.edu.hk

Year groups: Preschool-kindergarten

Year founded: 1978

LEARNING HABITAT KINDERGARTEN

Tsing Yi: L1, Commercial Building, Villa Esplanada, 8, Nga Ying Chau Street

Tel: 2501 5500

Hung Hom: UG45C, Laguna Mall, 8 Laguna Verde Avenue

Tel: 2363 1500

Tai Kok Tsui: Shop 2, 5/F, Hampton Loft, 11 Hoi Fan Road

Tel: 2510 5105

Tseung Kwan O: L1, Le Prestige, Phase 2A, Lohas Park

Tel: 2363 3005

E-mail: contact@learninghabitat.org

Website: www.learninghabitat.org

Year groups: 2-6

Number of students: 1,500

Number of teachers: 98

Average class size: 28

Year founded: 2000

Curriculum: Child-centred approach. Parent-child reading scheme, Letterland and
Synthetic phonics. Seeks to instil self-confidence, love of learning and develop
communication skills

Medium: English, Cantonese, Putonghua

Fees: HK$$3,800- 4,300/month (half day), HK$6,500-6,800 (full day)

SUNSHINE HOUSE INTERNATIONAL PRESCHOOLS

Chi Fu: G/F, Block 1, Fu Lai Yuen, Chi Fu Fa Yuen, 1 Chi Fu Road

Tel: 2551 3781

E-mail: chifu@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Clearwater Bay: Level 7, Silverstrand Mart, 2 Silver Cape Road

Tel: 2358 3803

E-mail: clearwaterbay@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Discovery Bay: 1/F, Discovery Bay Plaza

Tel: 2987 8143

E-mail: dbay@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Shop 106, 1/F, Block 6, Discovery Bay North Development

Tel: 2987 0813

E-mail: dbaynorth@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Pok Fu Lam: Commercial Development Block A, Pok Fu Lam Gardens, 108 Pokfulam
Road

Tel: 2551 3213

E-mail: pokfulam@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Tai Tam: 1/F, Redhill Plaza

Tel: 2813 0713

E-mail: taitam@sunshinehouse.com.hk

The Peak: Level 3, Peak Galleria, 118 Peak Road

Tel: 2849 7123

E-mail: peak@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Tung Chung: 2 Mei Tung Street, Tung Chung Crescent, Lantau Island

Tel: 2109 3873

E-mail: tungchung@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Website: www.sunshinehouse.com.hk

Year groups: 1-6

Number of students: Not provided

Number of teachers: Not provided

Average class size: 20-25

Year founded: 1990

Curriculum: British. Play-based thematic approach by multicultural team

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Enhancement classes, extended day sessions

Extracurricular activities: Reading, Putonghua, phonics, maths, arts and craft,
cooking, science, computer, sport

Fees: HK$50,000-HK$75,000/year (half-day)

THINK INTERNATIONAL KINDERGARTEN/NURSERY

Kowloon: G/F, Phase 3, Laguna City, 99 Cha Kwo Ling Road

Tel: 2727 4747

E-mail: thinkkg_lc@think.edu.hk

Kowloon Tong: 5 Lincoln Road

Tel: 2338 0211

E-mail: thinkkg_kt@think.edu.hk

Ma On Shan: Level 2, Sunshine Bazaar, 628 Sai Sha Road

Tel: 2633 7800

E-mail: thinkkg_mos@think.edu.hk

Mei Foo: The Podium, Nob Hill, 8 King Lai Path

Tel: 2727 7585

E-mail: thinkkg_mf@think.edu.hk

Website: www.think.edu.hk

Year groups: 2-6

Number of students: Not provided

Year founded: 1994

Curriculum: Bilingual education for local children, English-only preschool for
international children

Fees: Not provided

TUTOR TIME INTERNATIONAL NURSERY & KINDERGARTEN

Braemar Hill: LG/F, Braemar Hill Shopping Centre, 45 Braemar Hill Road

Tel: 2529 1833

Mid-Levels: G/F, 5 Caine Road

Tel: 2529 2288

Tai Tam/Red Hill: Unit 101, 1/F, Red Hill Plaza, 3 Red Hill Road

Tel: 2813 2688

Kowloon Tong: 1 Dorset Crescent

Tel: 2573 9188

9 Suffolk Road

Tel: 2529 1188

Email: info@tutortime.com.hk

Website: www.tutortime.com.hk

Year groups: 6 months-6

Number of students: Not provided

Number of teachers: 28

Average class size: 16

Accreditation: Tutor Time Training Centre

Association membership: Learning Care Group, US

Year founded: 2001

Curriculum: StartSmart and LifeSmart programmes encouraging whole child
development. Subjects include nature, design, music and creating character

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Language, phonics classes

Extracurricular activities: Kung fu, piano

Fees: HK$68,000/year; one month's deposit (refundable)

VICTORIA EDUCATIONAL ORGANISATION

Upper Kornhill Nursery: G/F, 14 Hong Yue Street

Tel: 2513 1108, 2513 1208

E-mail: ukoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Middle Kornhill Nursery & Kindergarten: 2/F, 18 Hong On Street

Tel: 2885 1888

E-mail: mkvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Lower Kornhill International Nursery & Kindergarten: 2-8 Hong On Street

Tel: 2885 3331

E-mail: lkvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Causeway Bay Kindergarten & Nursery: 32 Hing Fat Street

Tel: 2578 9998

E-mail: cbvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

North Point Nursery: 5 Fook Yum Road, Ko Fung Court, Harbour Heights

Tel: 2571 7888

E-mail: hhvnoff2@victoria.edu.hk

South Horizons International Nursery & Kindergarten: Phase 2, Podium Level

Tel: 2580 8633

E-mail: shvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Belcher's International Nursery & Kindergarten: L3, Westwood, 8 Belcher's Street

Tel: 2542 7001

E-mail: bgvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Ho Man Tin International Nursery: 9 Carmel Village Street, Carmel-on-the-Hill

Tel: 2762 9130

E-mail: hmtoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Harbour Green Kindergarten & International Nursery: G/F, Harbour Green, 8 Sham
Mong Road, Kowloon

Tel: 2885 1928

E-mail: hgvk@victoria.edu.hk

E-mail: enquiry@victoria.edu.hk

Website: www.victoria.edu.hk

Year groups: 8 months-5

Number of students: 4,012

Accreditation: Belcher's, Ho Man Tin, Causeway Bay schools, IBO World School

Association membership: IBO.  Organisation affiliate Victoria Shanghai Academy

Year founded: 1965

Curriculum:  Trilingual learning environment and activities, inquiry-based
learning

Medium: Cantonese, English, Putonghua

Number of teachers: 254

Average class size: Not provided

Extracurricular activities: Di Zi Gui, Go, chess, Chinese painting, drama, kung
fu, skipping, lion dance

Fees: HK$3,785-HK$5,122/month (half-day), HK$5,910-HK$6,875 (full day, upper
class)

Hong Kong Island

BAMBINO ENGLISH PLAYSCHOOL

Flat F, 4/F, Causeway Tower, 16-22 Causeway Road

Tel: 2576 5269

E-mail: None

Website: www.schools.ac

Year groups: 2-6

Number of students: 40

Number of teachers: 5

Average class size: 5-10

Year founded: 1978

Curriculum: Teachers engage each child through arts and craft, educational toys,
workbooks, singing, story time and numeracy

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Sewing classes

Extracurricular activities: None

Fees: HK$34,000 (morning); HK$29,000 (afternoon)

CASA DEI BAMBINI

Shop 2-3, Grand Scholar, 419K Queen's Road West, Western

Tel: 2259 3372

E-mail: joanna@casadeibambini.com.hk

Website: www.casadeibambini.com.hk

Year groups: Birth-6

Number of students: 200

Number of teachers: Not provided

Average class size: 15/28

Year founded: 2007

Curriculum: Montessori 0-3 and 3-6 programmes. The school is owned/run by a
trained Montessori teacher with more than 20 years of experience

Medium: English, Putonghua

Extracurricular activities: Putonghua, art, music, yoga, Montessori subjects

Fees: HK$35,000-HK$100,000/year

CITY KIDS PRESCHOOL AND PLAYGROUP

2/Fl. East Wing, 12 Borrett Road Mid-Levels

Tel: 2522 4446

E-mail: officemanager@citykidshkppa.org

Website: www.citykidshkppa.org

Year groups: Playgroup to six years

Number of students: 45 for morning and afternoon sessions

Number of teachers: 2 per class

Class size: 15

Curriculum: Early years foundation stage

Medium: English

Special programmes: Putonghua, sports

Fees: HK$4,410

HIGHGATE HOUSE SCHOOL

2/F, 100 Peak Road, The Peak

Tel: 2849 6336

E-mail: info@highgatehouse.edu.hk

Website: www.highgatehouse.edu.hk

Year groups: 1-6

Number of students: 200

Number of teachers: 9

Average class size: 13-25

Year founded: 1992

Curriculum: Creative play, artistic and practical activities that allow children
to develop vital social, linguistic and dexterity skills.

Medium: English

Special programmes: Putonghua playgroup and extended-day classes

Extracurricular activities: Putonghua, creative activities

Fees: Kindergarten HK$9,450; nursery HK$9,450 (5-day), HK$6,750 (3-day),
HK$5,500 (2-day), HK$5,500 (3-day afternoon)

ISLAND CHILDREN'S MONTESSORI SCHOOL AND KINDERGARTEN

Units B-C, G/F, 16 Tin Hau Temple Road, North Point

Tel: 3427 9100

E-mail: info@icms.edu.hk

Website: www.icms.edu.hk

Year groups: N1-K3

Number of students: 180

Number of teachers: 18

Average class size: 12-24

Year founded: 2008

Curriculum: Montessori

Medium: English, Putonghua

Fees: K1-3 HK$73,700; pre-nursery N2 HK$62,400

LITTLE MONTESSORIAN

19/F Jardine Centre, 50 Jardine's Bazaar, Causeway Bay

Tel: 3621 0010

E-mail: enquiry@littlemontessorian.com

Website: www.childrenworks.net

Year groups: 18 months-6 years

Number of students: 130

Number of teachers: 5

Average class size: Ratio of 1:6

Year founded: 2007

Curriculum: Montessori

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Montessori playgroup, maths, phonics

Extracurricular activities: Field trips, sports days, day camps, seminars for
parents

Fees: Playgroup HK$19,200-HK$32,400; Casa class HK$18,000-HK$28,800; one month's
deposit

MONTESSORI FOR CHILDREN

House A, Phoenix Garden, RBL 1033, Tai Tam Village, Stanley

Tel: 2813 9589

E-mail: hongkong@montessori.edu.sg

Website: www.montessori.edu.sg

Year groups: 30 months to 6 years

Number of students: 51

Number of teachers: 4

Average class size: 14

Year founded: 1986

Curriculum: Focuses on physical, mental, social and aesthetic development

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Stretch N Grow, book week, cultural programmes, language
immersion

Extracurricular activities: Putonghua

Fees: Not provided

OISCA JAPANESE KINDERGARTEN

G/F., Ming Yuen Mansion Phase 2, 26-48 Peacock Road, North Point

Tel: 27755899

E-mail: oisca@netvigator.com

Website: www.oisca-youchien.net/hongkong/

Medium: Japanese

Fees: Not provided

RIGHTMIND KINDERGARTEN

RIGHTMIND INTERNATIONAL NURSERY

UG Floor, Block 27, South Horizons, Ap Lei Chau

Tel: 2875 0452

E-mail: rightmindkg@kinderu.org

Website: www.rmkg.org

Year groups: 2-6 years

Number of students: 284

Number of teachers: 25

Average class size: 28

Year founded: 1980

Curriculum: Emphasis on right-brain development. Advanced maths and music
programme

Medium: English, Putonghua, French, Spanish

Fees: Pre-nursery HK$61,237; kindergarten HK$57,002

SMALL WORLD CHRISTIAN KINDERGARTEN

10 Borrett Road, Mid-Levels, Hong Kong

Tel: 2525 0922

E-mail: admissions@smallworld.hk

Website: www.smallworld.edu.hk

Year founded: 1986

Number of students: 260

Number of teachers: 15

Average class size: Teacher/student ratio: 1:10

Curriculum: Biblical foundation curriculum & international primary curriculum
(Early Years); sensory approach

Medium: English, with Putonghua exposure

Fees: HK$47,800

ST TERESA'S KINDERGARTEN

1 Tung Tau Wan Road, Stanley

Tel: 2813 8567

E-mail: sttkg98@biznetvigator.com

Website: www.teresakinder.com

Year groups: 32 months to 5 years

Number of students: 60

Number of teachers: 4

Average class size: 24

Year founded: 1998

Curriculum: Thematic approach based on children's own experiences and  current
events

Medium: English, Putonghua

Fees: HK$37,860

STARTERS SCHOOL

Flat B, 1/F, Tung Hey Building, 12-22 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai

Tel: 2527 8676

E-mail: starters_school@yahoo.com

Website: www.starters.edu.hk

Year groups: 3 to 6 years

Number of students: 125

Number of teachers: 6

Average class size: 20-25

Year founded: 1977

Curriculum: British early childhood.

Medium: English

Extracurricular activities: Phonics, learning through play classes

Fees: Lower kindergarten HK$34,800; upper HK$38,000; P1 HK$49,800

WEMBLEY INTERNATIONAL KINDERGARTEN

2/F, Tang Kung Mansion, 31 Taikoo Shing Road, Taikoo Shing

Tel: 2567 5454

E-mail: wik@pacific.net.hk

Website: kindergartenhongkong.blogspot.hk

Year groups: 2-6 years

Number of students: Not provided

Number of teachers: Not provided

Average class size: Teacher-pupil ratio 1:7 nursery, 1:12 kindergarten

Year founded: 1984

Curriculum: International

Medium: English

Special programmes: Animal interaction with pat-a-pet programme.

Extracurricular activities: Phonics, maths, creative writing, art, music, drama,
Putonghua

Kowloon

ANFIELD INTERNATIONAL KINDERGARTEN

5 Cumberland Road, Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2794 3668

E-mail: admin@anfield.com.hk

L2, Phase 1, Laguna Verde, 8 Laguna Verde Avenue, Hung Hom

Tel: 2766 3882

E-mail: admin-lv@anfield.com.hk

Website: www.anfield.com.hk

2, Lung Pak Street, Tai Wai, Sha Tin, NT (primary section)

Tel: 2692 8823

Email: office@anfield.com.hk

Year groups: K1-3, P1-6

Number of students: Not provided

Year founded: 1999

Curriculum: British early foundation stage, key stage 1 and 2 adapted to local
setting.

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes, number of teachers, average class size: Not provided

Extracurricular activities: English, Putonghua

KINGSTON CHILDREN'S CENTRE AND KINDERGARTEN

12-14 Cumberland Rd, Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2337 9049

E-mail: enquiry@kingston.edu.hk

Website: www.kingston.edu.hk

Year groups: 1 to 4 years

Number of students: 168

Number of teachers: 2 per class - one native English, one native Putonghua

Average class size: 16-18

Year Founded: 1996

Curriculum: IB PYP. Putonghua, English, music and movement. Children develop
skills through hands-on, engaging activities

Medium: Putonghua, English

Extracurricular activities: Wide range

Fees: HK$7,400-HK$7,800 per month

KOWLOON BAPTIST CHURCH KINDERGARTEN

2/F, 300 Junction Road, Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2336 6213

E-mail: kbck@netvigator.com

Website: www.kbck.edu.hk

Year groups: K1-2

Number of students: 150

Number of teachers: 6

Average class size: 25

Year founded: 1975

Curriculum: Christian principles with learn-through-play and thematic teaching
approach

Medium: English

Special programmes: Christmas services at Kowloon International Baptist Church

Extracurricular activities: Sunday school

Fees: HK$22,000 (half-day); advance fees HK$4,400

STAFFORD ENGLISH KINDERGARTEN

14 Stafford Road, Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2337 2388

E-mail: stafford86@gmail.com

Website: www.stafford.edu.hk

Year groups, number of students, year founded: Not provided

Curriculum: International founded on three aspects - English, Putonghua,
Cantonese; academic subjects; internationalism

Medium: English, Cantonese, Putonghua

Special programmes, number of teachers, average class size: Not provided

Extracurricular activities: Tennis, violin

YORK INTERNATIONAL KINDERGARTEN

49-51 Cumberland Road, Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2336 1483

E-mail: yorkoffice49@yahoo.com.hk

Website: www.york.edu.hk

Year groups: 2 to 6 years

Number of students, year founded: Not provided

Curriculum: Trilingual based on internationalism, academic subjects and
activities such as astronomy and tennis

Medium: English, Cantonese, Putonghua

Special programmes, number of teachers, average class size: Not provided

Extracurricular activities: Violin, tennis

YMCA INTERNATIONAL KINDERGARTEN

2/F, YMCA, 41 Salisbury Rd, Tsim Sha Tsui

Tel: 2268 7766

E-mail: kindergarten@ymcahk.org.hk

Website: www.ymcahk.org.hk

Year groups: 32 months-6

Number of students: 140

Number of teachers: 13

Average class size: Not provided

Year founded: 1982

Curriculum: British early years foundation stage. Child-centred approach and
group learning to assist development, maths, social development and physical
play using phonics, gym, art and music and movement.

Medium: English

Extracurricular activities: Swimming, soccer, tae kwon do, basketball

Fees: HK$4,820 (half day), HK$8,515 (full day)

New Territories

BOX HILL (HK) INTERNATIONAL KINDERGARTEN AND PRESCHOOL

Ma On Shan: G/F, Block 10, Phase One, Vista Paradiso, 2 Hang Ming Street

Tel: 2750 6323

Fo Tan: 327 Podium of Jubilee Court Shopping Centre

Tel: 2688 2161

Tseung Kwan O: Shop K01, L2, Metro Town

Tel: 2623 0018

E-mail: admin@boxhill.com.hk

Website: www.boxhill.edu.com.hk

Year groups: 2-6

Number of students: 260

Number of teachers: 15

Average class size: 22

Year founded: 2004

Curriculum: British foundation stage. Integrated approach with reading, phonics
programmes

Medium: English, Cantonese, Putonghua

Special programmes: Reading, enrichment programmes

Extracurricular activities: Scouts, ballet, jazz, literacy programme

Fees: HK$45,650; miscellaneous HK$420/month

DAVID EXODUS KINDERGARTEN

UG/F, Block 4, Julimount Garden, Hin Tin Street, Tai Wai, Sha Tin

Tel: 2693 3772, 2699 0100

E-mail: lindamheaney@gmail.com

Website: www.davidexodus.edu.hk

Year groups: K1-3

Number of students: 50

Year founded: 1988

Number of teachers: 3

Average class size: 24

Curriculum: Thematic approach, learning through play

Medium: English

Special programmes: For special needs

Fees: HK$41,000

DISCOVERY MIND INTERNATIONAL PLAY CENTRE AND KINDERGARTEN

Kindergarten: G/F, 401, Marina Commercial Centre, 2-8 Coastline Villa, Peninsula
Village, Discovery Bay, Lantau

Tel: 2987 8088

Play centre: Shop 139B, Discovery Bay Plaza, Lantau

Tel: 2987 8028

Play centre and kindergarten: G/F, Seaview Crescent, 8 Tung Chung

Tel: 2987 8070

E-mail: enquiry@dmk.edu.hk

Website: www.dmk.edu.hk

Year groups: 15 months-3

Number of students, year founded: Not provided

Curriculum: Fun and structured hands-on activities. Tung Chung school follows
British-based foundation stage

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes, number of teachers, average class size, extracurricular
activities, fees: Not provided

HONG KONG (ASCOT) PRESCHOOL & PLAYSCHOOL

1, G/F, Tsun King Road, Royal Ascot, Fo Tan

Tel: 2333 2939

E-mail: info@hkpreschool.edu.hk

Website: www.hkpreschool.edu.hk

Fees: Anglo-Chinese Class: pre-nursery HK$3,660/month; nursery HK$3,550.
International class: pre-nursery HK$3,920; nursery HK$3,920; lower HK$3,920;
upper HK$3,920

INTERNATIONAL CHRISTIAN SCHOOL - KINDERGARTEN

Ground Floor, Block H, Kam Ho House, Kam Fung Court, Ma On Shan

Tel: 3156 1234

E-mail: kindergarten@ics.edu.hk

Website: www.ics.edu.hk

Year groups: Reception 1-2

Number of students: 120

Year founded: 2001

Number of teachers: 4

Average class size: 15

Curriculum: Half-day classes balancing academic subjects with artistic and
physical activities

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Summer programme

Extracurricular activities: Gymnastics, jazz dance, drama

Fees: HK$52,200

LEAPFROG KINDERGARTEN

11 Pak Tam Chung Village, Sai Kung Country Park, Sai Kung

Tel: 2791 1540

E-mail: admin@leapfrogkindergarten.org

Website: www.leapfrogkindergarten.org

Year groups: K1-2, PG1-3

Number of students: 80

Number of teachers: 2

Average class size: 15-20

Year founded: 1997

Curriculum: British early years foundation. "Learn through play" with
Putonghua-speaking assistants

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Putonghua

Fees: K1-2: HK$40,000; deposit HK$4,000 (refundable); playgroups
HK$120-HK$200/session; Hong Kong Preschool Playgroups Association membership
HK$400; maintenance, supplies levy HK$100/term; application HK$100
(kindergarten)

SOUTHSIDE KINDERGARTEN

109 Repulse Bay Road, Repulse Bay

Tel: 2592 7527

E-mail: info@southside.edu.hk

Website: www.southside.edu.hk

Year groups: Nursery, kindergarten

Number of students: 107

Year founded: 2000

Number of teachers: 6

Average class size: 18

Curriculum: British foundation stage.

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Individual support using Sylvan's programmes

Extracurricular activities: Putonghua, arts and craft, music

Fees: HK$78,000; extended day HK$98,000

ST LORRAINE ENGLISH KINDERGARTEN

15 Sai Ching Street, Yuen Long

Tel: 2476 0091

E-mail: stlorraineoffice@yahoo.com.hk

Website: www.st-lorraine.edu.hk

Year groups: Kindergarten

Number of students, year founded: Not provided

Curriculum: Heavily influenced by US and British educational standards. School
works regularly with overseas schools from Wales, Florida and the Gold Coast,
Australia

Medium, special programmes, number of teachers, average class size,
extracurricular activities, fees: Not provided

SKIP (SAI KUNG INTERNATIONAL PRESCHOOL)

159 Che Keng Tuk Road, Sai Kung

Tel: 2791 7354

E-mail: skip@skip.edu.hk

Website: www.skip.edu.hk

Year groups: 1-5

Number of students: 120

Number of teachers: 2

Average class size: 20

Year founded: 1989

Curriculum: British foundation-stage literacy and numeracy, arts and craft,
music, personal and social skills through play

Medium: English

Special programmes: Split classes

Extracurricular activities: None

Fees: K2 HK$36,500; K1 HK$29,500; playgroups HK$110-HK$130/session

ZEBEDEE INTERNATIONAL KINDERGARTEN

G/F, Yat Nga Court, Nam Wan Road, Tai Po

Tel: 2650 3339

Email: admin@zebedee.edu.hk

Website: www.zebedee.edu.hk

Year groups: K1-3

Number of students: 80

Year founded: 2008

Number of teachers: 8

Average class size: 18

Curriculum: British foundation stage. Children aged 3-6 years benefit from a
native English-speaking, play-based learning environment

Medium: English

Special programmes: English-enhancement activities

Extracurricular activities: English Smarties, English playgroup, Kinderrmusik
Cambridge YLE Starters, art, dance, music and movement and Putonghua

Fees: HK$43,560

Primary and Secondary schools

Hong Kong Island

CANADIAN INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

36 Nam Long Shan Road, Aberdeen

Tel: 2525 7088

E-mail: schoolinfo@cdnis.edu.hk

Website: www.cdnis.edu.hk

Year groups: Pre-reception to Grade 12

Number of students: 1,850

Number of teachers: 180

Average class size: Pre-reception to Prep: 20; G1-G8: 25; G9-G12: 10

Accreditation: IB World School, Ontario Secondary School Diploma Association
membership: IBO

Year founded: 1991

Curriculum: IB balanced programme. Special emphasis on Chinese studies
(Putonghua) programme and IT facilities

Medium: English, Putonghua (second language) and French

Special programmes: One-to-one laptop

Extracurricular activities: Sport, music, art

Fees: Pre-reception and reception HK$79,500 (half-day); Prep-G4 HK$106,900; G5-6
HK$109,900; G7-8 HK$124,100; G9-12 HK$134,800; IB fee HK$5,500; capital levy
HK$25,000; application HK$2,350; entry fee HK$12,500 (new students)

CARMEL SCHOOL ASSOCIATION

ELSA HIGH SCHOOL

460 Shau Kei Wan Road, Shau Kei Wan

Tel: 3665 5388

E-mail: elsahighschool@carmel.edu.hk

CARMEL ELEMENTARY SCHOOL

10 Borrett Road, Mid-Levels

Tel: 2964 1600

E-mail: admin@carmel.edu.hk

GANEYNU AND CARMEL PRESCHOOL

L3-4 One Robinson Place, 70 Robinson Road

Tel: 2249 7600

E-mail: admin@carmel.edu.hk

Website: www.carmel.edu.hk

Year groups: 1-18

Number of students: 360

Number of teachers: 62

Average class size: 14-24

Accreditation: IB World School, Western Association of Schools and Colleges
Association membership: East Asia Regional Council of Overseas Schools

Year founded: 1991

Curriculum: Jewish and secular education. IB MYP, diploma

Medium: English, Putonghua, Hebrew, French, Spanish

Special programmes: English as an additional language, special needs

Extracurricular activities: Drama, music, graphic design, public speaking,
astronomy, fine art, photography, basketball

Fees: Ganeynu HK$53,700; pre-school HK$72,710; elementary HK$116,810; high
school HK$137,250; capital levy HK$15,000 (Elsa); application HK$1,500

CHINESE INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

L1 Hau Yuen Path, Braemar Hill, North Point

Tel: 2510 7288

E-mail: admissions@cis.edu.hk

Website: www.cis.edu.hk

Year groups: Reception-Y13

Number of students: 1,425

Number of teachers: 170

Average class size: 14-22

Accreditation: Council of International Schools, New England Association of
Schools and Colleges Association membership: Association of China and Mongolia
International Schools, National Association of Independent Schools

Year founded: 1983

Curriculum: English, Putonghua, maths, other subjects at primary level.
International curriculum. Secondary students follow the IB MYP and IB Diploma.
Arts, sports and community service included. French, Spanish at secondary level

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: CIS Hangzhou for Y10 students

Extracurricular activities: Team and recreational sports, performing arts,
community service, interest groups

Fees: Reception HK$109,200; Y1-6 HK$144,800; Y7-11 HK$171,000; Y12-13
HK$173,400; personal debenture HK$75,000 (primary) and HK$75,000 (secondary) or
annual levy HK$17,500; application HK$2,000

DELIA SCHOOL OF CANADA

5-7 Tai Fung Avenue, Taikoo Shing

Tel: 3658 0508, 3658 0338

E-mail: s.office@delia.edu.hk

Website: www.delia.edu.hk

Year groups: Pre-grade 1-G12

Number of students: 1,100

Number of teachers: 75

Average class size: 16-25

Accreditation: Ontario (Canada) Ministry of Education, Hong Kong Education
Bureau Association membership: Delia Group of Schools

Year founded: 1987

Curriculum: Ontario curriculum leading to Ontario secondary school diploma. All
core academic subjects, arts, intensive ESL, English, Putonghua, French,
Japanese

Medium: English

Extracurricular activities: Basketball, badminton, art, choir, dance, swimming

Fees: Pre-G1 HK$84,000; G1-8 HK$86,000; G9-10 HK$95,000; G11-12 HK$99,000;
optional G1-8 ESL HK$2,000/month

FRENCH INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

Kindergarten: Shops 2-3, G/F, Tung Fai Gardens, 17 Po Yan Street, Sheung Wan

Tel: 2975 4522

Primary: (CM1-2, P5-6): 1 Cheung Man Road, Chai Wan

Primary: 34 Prince Road, Jardine's Lookout

Tel: 2577 6217

Secondary: 165 Blue Pool Road, Happy Valley

Tel: 2577 6217

E-mail: fis@lfis.edu.hk

Website: www.fis.edu.hk

Year groups: Reception to Upper 6: must be aged 4 (international section).
Petite section to Terminale, must be aged 3 (French section)

Number of students: 2,368

Number of teachers: 180

Average class size: 24

Accreditation: Agency for French Teaching Abroad, IB World School, Cambridge
International Examinations Association membership: Agency for French Teaching
Abroad, IBO, Cambridge International Examinations

Year founded: 1964

Curriculum: International section follows British curriculum, with focus leading
to IGCSE, IB diploma. French section follows French Ministry of Education

Medium: English in the International section, French in the French section

Special programmes: All students follow the expanded curriculum for IGCSE
lessons

Extracurricular activities: Painting, calligraphy, dance, music, sport

Fees: Reception-P6 HK$90,688; Form1-Upper 6 HK$116,797; IB HK$146,094;
registration HK$3,800; (non-refundable after acceptance by school); application
HK$500; subscription to a company debenture (refundable) category A: HK$250,000
(corporate), HK$90,000 (private)

GERMAN SWISS INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

11 Guildford Road, The Peak

162 Pokfulam Road, Pok Fu Lam (kindergarten, lower primary)

30 Oi Kwan Road, Wan Chai (Upper Primary)

Tel: 2849 6216, 2849 6217 (Pok Fu Lam), 2849 6218 Wan Chai

E-mail: info@gsis.edu.hk

Website: www.gsis.edu.hk

Year groups: English: kindergarten EKG1-2, primary Y1-6, secondary Y7-13.
German: kindergarten 1-2, preschool (DVOR), primary K1-4, secondary K5-12

Number of students: 1,295

Number of teachers: 151

Average class size: 12-26

Accreditation: Recognised German school abroad Association membership: None

Year founded: 1969

Curriculum: German stream leads to International Abitur; English stream to
IGCSE, AS, A-levels, IB diploma

Medium: English, German

Extracurricular activities: Sport, music, drama, debating, community

Fees: Kindergarten HK$113,100 (new pupils), HK$104,450 (old)

DVOR, K01-K05, Y01-Y06 HK$113,100

K06-K10, Y7-Y11 HK$136,500; K11-12, Y12-13 HK$144,200; Registration: HK$2,800;
Assessment: HK$3,200

HONG KONG ACADEMY

12 Ka Wai Man Road, Kennedy Town

Tel: 2575 8282

E-mail: office@hkacademy.edu.hk

Website: www.hkacademy.edu.hk

Year groups: PK1-G12

Number of students: 470

Number of teachers: 62

Average class size: 20

Accreditation: Western Association of Schools and Colleges Association
membership: Association of China and Mongolia International Schools, Council of
International Schools

Year founded: 2000

Curriculum: Hands-on, inquiry-based learning within the IB PYP, MYP framework
Integrated technology, Chinese culture and language

Medium: English, Putonghua

Fees: PK1-2 HK$96,000; K-G5 HK$133,000; G6-8 HK$143,000; G9-10 HK$150,000;
G11-12 HK$157,000; admission HK$20,000, siblings HK$10,000; application
HK$2,700; debenture HK$425,000; capital levy HK$16,000 (non-debenture holders)

HONG KONG INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

Primary: 6, 23 South Bay Close, Repulse Bay

Secondary: 1 Red Hill Road, Tai Tam

Tel: 3149 7000

E-mail: admissions@hkis.edu.hk

Website: www.hkis.edu.hk

Year groups: R1-G12

Number of students: 2,600

Number of teachers: 248

Average class size: Not provided

Accreditation: Western Association of Schools and Colleges Association
membership: Association of China and Mongolia International Schools

Year founded: 1966

Curriculum: American-style education.  Asian and Chinese studies, Putonghua,
information technology, advanced placement courses

Medium: English

Special programmes: Not provided

Extracurricular activities: Sports, art, technology, music, services, clubs

Fees: R1 HK$78,100 (half-day), HK$155,700 (full day); R2-G5 HK$155,700; G6-8
HK$161,700; G9-11HK$180,200 G12 HK $180,900

INDEPENDENT SCHOOLS FOUNDATION ACADEMY

1 Kong Sin Wan Road, Pok Fu Lam

Tel: 2202 2000

E-mail: enquiry@isf.edu.hk

Website: www.isf.edu.hk

Year groups: Foundation year-G12

Number of students: 1,250

Number of teachers: 170

Average class size: 15-22

Accreditation: Education Bureau Association membership: IBO, Council of
International Schools

Year founded: 2003

Curriculum: FY-G5 Putonghua and English immersion programme; IB MYP for G6-10;
IB diploma G11-12

Medium: Putonghua and English

Special programmes: Shuyuan

Extracurricular activities: Sport, arts, community services, clubs, student
council

Fees: Primary HK$134,750; secondary HK$154,650 (MYP) HK$170,100 (DP)

INTERNATIONAL MONTESSORI SCHOOL

South Horizons campus (kindergarten): G/F, Blks 23 to 23a, South Horizons Phase
3, Ap Lei Chau

Tel: 2861 0339

Mid-Levels campus: Tung Fai Gardens, 17 Po Yan Street, Sheung Wan

Tel: 2857 7007

Kindergarten & Primary: 62 Tin Hau Temple Road, Tin Hau

Tel: 2156 9033

Stanley Campus: Ma Hang Estate Phase 3, Stanley (adjacent to Stanley Plaza)

Tel: 28610339

E-mail: info@montessori.edu.hk

Website: www.montessori.edu.hk

Year groups: K-P6

Number of students: Kindergarten, 400 Primary, 300

Year founded: 2002

Number of teachers: 75

Average class size: 25 with two teachers

Curriculum: Montessori.  Dual language, interactive, inquiry-based learning

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: art, music, English, IT

Extracurricular activities: Judo, gymnastics, soccer, science, chess, art, music

Fees: Preschool: HK$91,000 to HK$129,000, Primary: HK$133,000

ISLAND CHRISTIAN ACADEMY

70 Bridges Street, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong

Tel: 2537 2552

E-mail: admissions@islandca.edu.hk

Website: www.islandca.edu.hk

Year groups: Y1-4

Year founded: 2012

Number of students: 196

Number of teachers: 16

Average class size: 25

Curriculum: International Primary Curriculum; UK National Literacy Programme,
Australian National Maths

Medium: English

Fees: HK$91,000 (Subject to EdB Approval)

KELLETT SCHOOL

Preparatory School: 2 Wah Lok Path, Wah Fu, Pok Fu Lam

Tel: 2551 8234

Senior School: 7 Lam Hing Street, Kowloon Bay

Tel: 2551 8234

E-mail: kellett@kellettschool.com

Website: www.kellettschool.com

Year groups: Reception-Y12

Number of students: 725

Number of teachers: 74

Average class size: 22

Accreditation: Regular inspection by Penta International Association membership:
Federation of British International Schools in Southeast Asia and East Asia

Year founded: 1976

Curriculum: British, leading to GCSE, IGCSE, A-levels

Medium: English

Special programmes: Special needs places

Extracurricular activities: Extensive range

Fees: Reception-Year 6 HK$116,500; Y7-11 HK$151,700; debentures HK$80,000
(individual), HK$500,000 (corporate); application HK$2,000 (preparatory),
HK$2,500 (senior)

KIANGSU-CHEKIANG PRIMARY SCHOOL

KIANGSU-CHEKIANG COLLEGE

Primary: 30 Ching Wah Street, North Point

Tel: 2570 4594

E-mail: inter@kcs.edu.hk

College: 20 Braemar Hill Road, North Point

Tel: 2570 1281 E-mail: inter2@kcs.edu.hk

Website: www.kcis.edu.hk

Year groups: K-Y13

Number of students: 898

Number of teachers: 64

Average class size: 20-26

Accreditation: IB World School, Edexcel, Cambridge International Examinations

Year founded: 1993

Curriculum: British

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Putonghua

Extracurricular activities: Arts and craft, sport

Fees: Kindergarten, reception HK$51,000; P1-6 HK$66,500; Y7-13 HK$85,000;
registration two months' tuition fee (refundable); application HK$500

KOREAN INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

55 Lei King Road, Sai Wan Ho

Tel: 2569 5500

E-mail: kisints@kis.edu.hk

Website: www.kis.edu.hk

Year groups: Reception-Y13

Number of students: 371

Number of teachers: 39

Average class size: 15

Accreditation: Hong Kong Education Department, Cambridge International
Examinations Association membership: Cambridge International Examinations

Year founded: 1994

Curriculum: British

Medium: English

Special programmes: English as second language

Extracurricular activities: English, Putonghua classes, special sports, craft
and instrumental classes

Fees: Reception HK$52,800; primary HK$79,500; secondary HK$89,500; application
HK$1,000

SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

Primary: 23 Nam Long Shan Road, Aberdeen

Tel: 2872 0266

Secondary: 2 Police School Road, Aberdeen

Tel: 2919 6966

E-mail: secretary@singapore.edu.hk

Website: www.singapore.edu.hk

Year groups: PY1-S4; IB diploma

Number of students: 1,153

Number of teachers: 118

Average class size: 20-25

Accreditation: IB World School, Cambridge International Examinations Association
membership: Singapore Ministry of Education

Year founded: 1991

Curriculum: Singapore curriculum, IGCSE, IB diploma

Medium: English, Putonghua

Extracurricular activities: Academic clubs, sport, performing arts, uniformed
groups

Fees: Refundable debentures HK$120,000 (Singaporeans), HK$200,000 plus entrance
fee HK$13,000 (one-time) (personal), HK$500,000 (corporate); capital levy
HK$10,000 (personal debenture), HK$64,000 (corporate, one-time); PY1-2
HK$75,000; P1-6 HK$95,000; S1-4 HK$110,000; IB diploma $130,000; application
HK$3,000

SIR ELLIS KADOORIE SCHOOL

9 Eastern Hospital Road, So Kon Po, Causeway Bay

Tel: 2577 3489

E-mail: webmaster@sekps.edu.hk

Website: www.sekps.edu.hk

Year groups: P1-6

Number of students: 488

Number of teachers: 39

Average class size: 24

Accreditation, association membership: None

Year founded: 1891

Curriculum: Local, Putonghua, Hindi, Urdu, Nepali, moral and civic education

Medium: English, Cantonese, Putonghua

Special programmes: Scheme for newly arrived children, summer lessons in Chinese

Extracurricular activities: Percussion band, choir, Scouts, Girl Guides,
basketball, football, cricket, tae kwon do, gardening

Fees: HK$200

THE HARBOUR SCHOOL

2nd Floor, 23 Belcher's Street, Kennedy Town Centre, Kennedy Town

Tel: 2816 5222

E-mail: info@theharbourschool.edu.hk

Website: www.theharbourschool.edu.hk

Year groups: Pre-K to Grade 8

Number of teachers: 19

Average class size: 13

Year founded: 2007

Curriculum: US

Medium: Flexible Best Practice

Special programmes: Gifted Programming and Learning Support

Fees: Kindergarten HK$12,500; primary and middle HK$12,875

VICTORIA SHANGHAI ACADEMY

19 Shum Wan Road, Aberdeen

Tel: 3402 110

E-mail: enquiries@vsa.edu.hk

Website: www.vsa.edu.hk

Year groups: Y1-12

Number of students: 1,544

Number of teachers: 150

Average class size: 28

Accreditation: IB World School Association membership: Council of International
Schools, IBO

Year founded: 1984

Curriculum: Inquiry-based learning, IB PYP, MYP, diploma

Medium: English, Putonghua. Chinese and English teachers co-teach

Special programmes: Sport, performing arts, leadership, summer services

Extracurricular activities: Wide range

Fees: Y1-5 HK$82,200; Y6 $93,740; Y7-8 HK$95,040; Y9-10 HK$95,900; Y11-12
HK$118,770; application HK$500; deposit HK$16,440 (primary section)

Kowloon

AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

125 Waterloo Road, Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2336 3812

E-mail: admin@ais.edu.hk

Website: www.ais.edu.hk

Year groups: Early childhood-G12

Number of students: 825

Number of teachers: 53

Average class size: 19-23

Accreditation: Western Association of Schools and Colleges Association
membership: East Asia Regional Council of Schools, Council for Advancement and
Support of Education, National Association of Independent Schools

Year founded: 1986

Curriculum: US

Medium: English

Special programmes: Personal and social development, visual and performing arts,
outdoor education, leadership

Extracurricular activities: Sports teams, school productions, personal and
social development programme, band

Fees: Early childhood HK$58,500 (half-day); early childhood-G2 HK$87,500; G3-5
HK$92,200; G6-8 HK$98,700; G9-12 HK$108,200; application HK$1,000

AUSTRALIAN INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

3A Norfolk Road, Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2304 6078

Email: info@aishk.edu.hk

Website: www.aishk.edu.hk

Year groups: Reception-Y12

Number of students: 1,125

Number of teachers: Not provided

Average class size: 22-26

Accreditation: NSW Board of Studies, IB World School Association membership:
Association of China and Mongolia International Schools

Year founded: 1995

Curriculum: Australian, IB diploma, Higher School Certificate

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: ESL, learning centre for special needs students

Extracurricular activities: Wide range, including sport, arts, academic,
community service

Fees: Reception HK$72,000; preparatory-Y6 HK$103,400; Y7-10 HK$119,300; Y11-12
HK$125,300 (HSC), HK$154,900 (IB); depreciating debenture (12.5 per cent)
HK$100,000 or capital levy of HK$15,000; application HK$1,500

CALIFORNIA SCHOOL

3/F, Front Block, Lung Ma Building, 550 Nathan Road, Yau Ma Tei

Tel: 2388 9844

E-mail: info@californiaschool.edu.hk

Website: www.californiaschool.edu.hk

Year groups: P1-S7

Number of students: 100

Number of teachers: 6

Year founded: 1992

Curriculum: Local for primary. British for secondary, leading to IGCSE,
A-levels. Emphasis on business-oriented subjects.

Medium: English, Cantonese

Special programmes, average class size, extracurricular activities : Not
provided

Fees: P1-3 HK$13,200; P4-6 HK$15,400; S1 HK$18,480; S2 HK$19,580; S3 HK$21,780;
S4 HK$25,300; S5 HK$26,100; S6A HK$33,000; S6D HK$29,150; S7A HK$31,050; S7D
HK$23,850

CHRISTIAN ALLIANCE PC LAU MEMORIAL INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

Preparatory-G3: Lai Yiu campus, Lai Yiu Estate, Wah Yiu Road, Lai King, NT

Tel: 2778 3370

G4-12: Kowloon City campus, 2 Fu Ning Street, Kowloon City

Tel: 2713-3733

E-mail: info@cais.edu.hk

Website: www.cais.edu.hk

Year groups: Preparatory-G12

Number of students: 850

Number of teachers: 72

Average class size: 20-25

Accreditation: Alberta Education, Canada Association membership: ACAMIS

Year founded: 1992

Curriculum: Alberta curriculum leading to Alberta Diploma; Advanced Placement
(AP) programme leading to AP International Diploma; advanced 13th year
college-readiness programme option

Special programmes: Putonghua at every grade level (simplified or traditional)

Medium : English

Extracurricular activities: Basketball, soccer, track, dance, karate, SRC,
community and global outreach, social justice, yearbook

Fees: HK$79,500 - HK$126,300

INTERNATIONAL CHRISTIAN QUALITY MUSIC SECONDARY AND PRIMARY SCHOOL

182 Po Kong Village Road, Diamond Hill

Tel: 2777 3828

E-mail: info@icqm.edu.hk

Website: www.icqm.edu.hk

Year groups, number of students, accreditation, association membership: Not
provided

Year founded: 2003

Curriculum: Local, supplemented by special focus on classical music, Bible
studies, arts.

Medium: Cantonese, Putonghua

Special programmes, number of teachers, average class size, extracurricular
activities: Not provided

KINGSTON INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

113 Waterloo Road. Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2337 9031

E-mail: enquiry@kingston.edu.hk

Website: www.kingston.edu.hk

Year groups: P1-6

Number of students: 215

Number of teachers: 34

Average class size: 16

Accreditation: IB World School Association membership: Not provided

Year founded: 1996

Curriculum: IB PYP, English, Putonghua, bilingual inquiry-based learning

Medium: English, Putonghua

Fees: P1-4 HK$95,000; P5-6 HK$100,000

PO LEUNG KUK CHOI KAI YAU SCHOOL

L6 Caldecott Road, Piper's Hill, Kowloon

Tel: 2148 2052

E-mail: info@cky.edu.hk

Website: www.cky.edu.hk

Year groups: Y1-12

Number of students: 1,559

Number of teachers: 161

Average class size: 28

Accreditation: Cambridge International Examinations Centre, IGCSE, IB World
School Association membership: None

Year founded: 2002

Curriculum: Theme-based approach integrates local and overseas curriculum.
Pupils must take up one instrument.

Medium: English, Putonghua, Cantonese

Extracurricular activities: A variety of activities are offered on Saturdays

Fees: Y1-5 HK$59,400; Y6-11 HK$79,420

SEAR ROGERS INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

45-47 Grampian Road, Kowloon City

Tel: 2547 5479

E-mail: enquiry@srishk.com

Website: www. www.srishk.com

Year groups: Y7-13

Number of students 130

Number of teachers: 1:20

Average class size: 15

Accreditation, association membership: Not provided

Year founded: Secondary 1982, Primary 1990

Curriculum: British

Medium of Instruction: English, with French and Chinese as second language
options

Extracurricular activities: Dance, drama, music, soccer, swimming, basketball,
cookery

Fees: Y7-9 HK$82,280; Y10 HK$77,000; Y11 HK$77,000; Y12 HK$88,000; Y13
HK$79,200; application HK$600

YEW CHUNG INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

Early childhood: 3 Somerset Road, Kowloon Tong

Primary: 2 Kent Road, Kowloon Tong

Secondary: 3 To Fuk Road, Kowloon Tong

Tel: 2338 7106

E-mail: enquiry@hk.ycef.com

Website: www.ycis-hk.com

Year groups: 6 months-5, Y1-13

Number of students: 2,500

Number of teachers: 200

Average class size: 20-25

Accreditation: IB World School, Cambridge International Examinations

Year founded: 1932

Curriculum: International, British-based, IGCSE, IB

Medium: English, Putonghua, Cantonese

Special programmes: World classroom, English, Chinese

Extracurricular activities: Choirs, orchestras, bands, drama clubs, Christian
clubs, sports groups, cultural

Fees: Infants, toddlers HK$48,600-HK$134,695; threes-fours HK$144,810 (full
day); fives HK$83,260 (half-day); Y1-6 HK$151,750; Y7-11 HK$144,960; Y12-13
HK$148,280; debentures (secondary students) HK$200,000 (refundable)

New Territories

DISCOVERY BAY INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

Discovery Bay, Lantau Island

Tel: 2914 2142 (kindergarten), Tel: 2987 7331 (primary/secondary)

E-mail: dbis@dbis.edu.hk

Website: www.dbis.edu.hk

Year groups: Nursery-secondary

Number of students: 940

Number of teachers not provided

Average class size: 20-24

Year founded: 1983

Curriculum: British. Specialist teachers for physical education, music,
Putonghua, information and communication technology

Medium: English

Fees: Nursery HK$61,000-HK$70,000; reception HK$76,000; Y1-6 HK$82,500; Y7-10
HK$110,000;  development levy HK$450,000 (premium, one-off), HK$30,000
(standard)

HARROW INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL HONG KONG

38 Tsing Ying Road, Tuen Mun

Tel: 2824 9099

E-mail: info@harrowschool.hk

Website: http://www.harrowschool.hk/

Year groups: Pre-K to Year 13

Number of students: 750

Number of teachers: 90

Average size: 15-24

Year founded: 2012

Curriculum: National Curriculum of England progressing to IGCSEs (Years 10-11)
and A-levels (Years 12-13)

Medium: English

Fees: English day students HK$118,700 to HK$159,800 per annum

Boarding students HK$84,100 per annum (5 nights)

Boarding students HK$101,600 per annum (7 nights)

INTERNATIONAL CHRISTIAN SCHOOL

1 On Muk Lane, Shek Mun, Sha Tin

Tel: 3920 0010

E-mail: admissions@ics.edu.hk

Website: www.ics.edu.hk

Year groups: Kindergarten-G12

Number of students: 1,083

Number of teachers: 100

Average class size: 25

Accreditation: Western Association of Schools and Colleges, Association of
Christian Schools International Association membership: East Asia Regional
Council of Schools, International School Sports Federation of Hong Kong

Year founded: 1992

Curriculum: US-style liberal arts, Advanced Placement subjects, extensive
Putonghua programme

Medium: English

Special programmes: Special needs week

Extracurricular activities: Global citizenship, music, academics, sport

Fees: Reception HK$49,500 (half-day); PG1-G5 HK$90,200; G6-8 HK$119,500; G9-12
HK$122,600; special education HK$86,000; building maintenance HK$1,000;
debentures (refundable) HK$190,000 (first child), HK$130,000 (second child),
HK$100,000 (third child)

INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE HONG KONG

60 Sha Tau Kok Rd, Sha Tau Kok

Tel: 2655 9018

E-mail: info@ichk.edu.hk

Website: www.ichk.edu.hk

Year groups: Y7 to 13

Number of students: 300

Number of teachers: 36

Average class size: 18

Accreditation: Authorised IB World School Association membership Council of
International Schools

Year founded: 2008

Curriculum: GCSE/IGCSE, IB Diploma.

Medium: English

Extracurricular activities: compulsory participation on Tuesdays and during CAS
Week

Fees: Y7-9 HK$133,500; Y10-11 HK$139,250; Y12-13 IB Diploma HK$148,500

INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE HONG KONG Hong Lok Yuen (formerly Hong Lok Yuen
International School)

3 Twentieth Street, Hong Lok Yuen

Tel: 2658 6935

E-mail: info@hlyis.edu.hk

Website: http://www.hlyis.edu.hk/

Year groups: Nursery to Year 6

Number of students: 453

Accreditation: Council of International Schools (CIS)

Year founded: 1984

Curriculum: IB PYP

Medium: English

Number of teachers: 25

Average class size: 25

Extracurricular activities: wide range

Fees: HK$102,600

JAPANESE INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

663, Tai Po Road, Tai Po

Tel: 2834 3531

E-mail: esinfo@jis.edu.hk

Website: http://es.jis.edu.hk/

Year groups: reception to P6

Number of students: 670

Association membership: IB World School

Year founded:1997

Medium: English (international section) Japanese (Japanese section)

Curriculum: PYP IB

Number of teachers: 45

Average class size: 25-30

Extracurricular activities: Sport, dance martial arts

Fees: HK$99,750

LANTAU INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

Upper Primary: 17-19, Lo Wai Tsuen, Pui O, Lantau

Tel: 2984 0302

Lower Primary: 113 Tong Fuk Village

Tel: 2980 3676

Reception Class: G/F, Flat C&D, 72-74, Rural Committee Road, Mui Wo

Tel: 2984 0069

E-mail: lisadmin@lis.edu.hk

Website: www.lis.edu.hk

Year groups: Reception to P6

Number of students: 261

Number of teachers: 17

Average class size: 15-22, reception class 15, primary 22

Accreditation: SATS (British)

Year founded: 1993

Curriculum: British

Medium: English, with Putonghua

Extracurricular activities: After-school clubs such as drama, soccer, cooking

Fees: HK$63,500; deposit HK$12,700/year

NORWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL

Kindergarten: 175 Kwong Fuk Road, Tai Po

Primary: 170 Kam Shan Road, Kam Shan Village, Tai Po

Tel: 2658 0341 (primary)

E-mail: kinder@nis.edu.hk, office@nis.edu.hk

Website: www.nis.edu.hk

Year groups: Playgroup, K1-3, G1-6

Number of students: 143

Number of teachers: 14

Average class size: 25

Accreditation: International Primary Curriculum

Year founded: 1984

Curriculum: International Primary Curriculum focused on specific learning goals
in thematic units of work

Medium: English, Putonghua

Special programmes: Support for students with learning difficulties

Extracurricular activities: English classes, sport

Fees: K1,K2 (half day) $50,700; K2 (whole day) $74,400; Years 1-6 $81,600

