

International

798 Unit and Co

1/F, 9 Hau Fook Street, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2366 0234. Signature dishes: organic
pork with apple and potato dauphinoise, rack of lamb, banoffee pie. $$$-$$$$

Cafe Allegro

B1 Regal Kowloon Hotel, 71 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2313 8718. Signature
dishes: Hainan chicken rice, seafood laksa, Japanese roasted eel with rice. $$

Cafe Causette

Mezzanine, Mandarin Oriental, 5 Connaught Road, Central. Tel: 2825 4005.
Signature dishes: Hainan chicken rice, pizza, mini pulled burgers. $$$

Cafe Kool

M/F Kowloon Shangri-La, 64 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui East. Tel: 2733 8753
(above). Signature dishes: smoked salmon with lemon myrtle, salad leaves and
coriander grissini, potato patties with asafetida-tempered green peas spiced
with ginger and peppercorn.  $$$-$$$$

Cafe Landmark

Shop 107-108, The Landmark, Central. Tel: 2526 4200. Signature dishes: linguine
with lobster, baked crab with cheese, matcha cheese souffle cake. $$$$

Cafe Marco

1/F The Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel, 3 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2113 3912.
Signature dishes: mesclun salad with fried button mushrooms, avocado and
camembert, cream of wild mushroom soup, Hainan chicken rice, Singaporean laksa.
$$$

Cafe O

2 Arbuthnot Road, Central. Tel: 2868 0450. (Branches in Mid-Levels, tel: 2111
3131 and 2116 8883; Sheung Wan, tel: 2851 0890; Wan Chai, tel: 3543 0224.)
Signature dishes: pizza by the metre, penne with eggplant and sun-dried
tomatoes. $-$$

Cafe on the Park

2/F Hotel Wing, The Royal Pacific Hotel & Towers, 33 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui.
Tel: 2738 2322. Signature dishes: Hainan chicken rice, spicy prawn mee soup,
char kway teow, Singaporean fried noodles. $$

Cafe One

Level One, The Park Lane, 310 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2839 3311.
Signature dishes: Hainan chicken rice, sweet and sour crispy noodles, grilled
Tasmanian lamb chop, sizzling chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream and
chocolate sauce. $$$

Cafe Too

Level 7, Island Shangri-La, Pacific Place, Admiralty. Tel: 2820 8571. Signature
dishes: curry laksa with shrimp, double Tasmanian lamb chop, tandoori chicken,
Hainan chicken rice. $$$$

Clipper Lounge

M/F Mandarin Oriental, 5 Connaught Road, Central. Tel: 2825 4007. Signature
dishes: Oriental salad, lobster bisque, pan-fried codfish, club sandwich. $$$$

Congress Restaurant

6/F Convention Plaza, 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2582 7250. Signature
dishes: teppanyaki Pacific tiger prawn, roasted black cod with yuzu soy sauce,
plum wine pear sabayon. $$$

Cucina

6/F Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel, 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2113 0808. Signature dishes: golden fried soft-shell crabs, diced beef
tenderloin with asparagus and wasabi, konnyaku noodles with kimchi, fresh
oysters, pork and poached egg. $$$$$

Feast (Food by East)

1/F East Hotel, 29 Taikoo Shing Road, Island East. Tel: 3968 3777. Signature
dishes: sugarcane- and tea-smoked ribs with Shaoxing wine, rack of lamb with
ratatouille and rosemary jus. $$$$

The Grill at Plateau

11/F Grand Hyatt Hong Kong, 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2584 7722. Signature
dishes: grilled filet mignon, lamb chops, coconut salad with shrimp, peppers,
cilantro and chilli, creamed cauliflower, key lime pie, pancakes with whipped
brandy butter. $$$$-$$$$$

H One

Shop 4008, Level 4, IFC Mall, Central. Tel: 2805 0638. Signature dishes: sauteed
red Mediterranean prawns with Italian snails in fresh herb sauce,
pancetta-wrapped sea scallop with truffled souffle and tomato foam. $$$$$

Hebe One O One

112 Pak Sha Wan, Sai Kung. Tel: 2335 5515. Signature dishes: bacon-wrapped
chicken with fennel cream sauce, seared rainbow trout with herb mash and beurre
noisette, chocolate cappuccino cup, $$$

Heirloom

226 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2547 8008 (below). Signature dishes: tacos,
chile con carne, Balinese salad, DIY s'mores. $$$

Jaspas

28 Staunton Street, SoHo, Central. Tel: 2869 0733. (Branches in Happy Valley,
tel: 2575 7730; Sai Kung, tel: 2792 6388.) Signature dishes: Angus burger,
chicken fajitas, US baby back ribs, Aussie pavlova. $$

Jimmy's Kitchen

G/F South China Building, 1-3 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2526 5293. (Branch
in Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2376 0327.) Signature dishes: onion soup, Caesar salad,
beef fillet Wellington, prawn madras, baked Alaska. $$$

Kitchen

W Hong Kong, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon Station, Kowloon. Tel: 3717 2299.
Signature dishes: crisp lobster tacos with green papaya and fresh mint,
barbecued chicken burger with Chiang Mai spices. $$$$$

The Lobby

The Peninsula Hong Kong, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2696 6709.
Signature dishes: char-grilled beef and mozzarella sandwich, chicken broth with
wonton and Chinese mushrooms, banana split with walnut brownie and brownie ice
cream. $$

The Lounge

Lobby, Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, 8 Finance Street, Central. Tel: 3196 8820.
Signature dishes: foie gras confit with endive salad and toasted brioche,
grilled wagyu beef sirloin, vanilla cream mille-feuille with apple coulis and
toasted almond ice cream. $$$$$

Lucy's

64 Stanley Main Street, Stanley. Tel: 2813 9055. Signature dishes: gruyere and
leek souffle with apple, celery and walnut salad, blackened tuna with mango and
papaya salsa and coconut-lime sauce. $$$

Marriott Cafe

Level 5, JW Marriott Hotel, Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 2841
3906. Signature dishes: JW Marriott burger, Hainan chicken rice. $$-$$$

Peak Cafe Bar

9-13 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2140 6877. Signature dishes: apple wood-smoked
salmon naan, cheeseburger, calzone, meat-lover's pizza. $$$

The Peak Lookout

121 Peak Road, The Peak. Tel: 2849 1000. Signature dishes: Peak Lookout combo
platter, tandoori king prawns, grilled beef tournedos rossini with foie gras,
truffle and madeira sauce, Hainan chicken rice, New Zealand lamb rack. $$$$

Portal - Work & Play

Level 5, Langham Place Hotel, 555 Shanghai Street, Mong Kok. Tel: 3552 3232.
Signature dishes: Mediterranean bento, seafood platter, Asian tapas platter.
$$-$$$

Prompt

4/F Le Meridien Cyberport, 100 Cyberport Road. Tel: 2980 7417. Signature dishes:
LM signature pizza, ultimate beef burger, fresh Boston lobster linguini with
cherry tomatoes and fresh basil. $$$

Sevva

25/F Prince's Building, 10 Chater Road, Central. Tel: 2537 1388. Signature
dishes: chicken, abalone, freshwater shrimp and baby peas in broth (left),
Shanghai wonton, clay pot rice with rice cracklings, free-range roasted chicken,
wagyu beef cheek and ox tongue pot pie. $$$$$

Spoon by Alain Ducasse

Lobby Level, Intercontinental Hong Kong, 18 Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2313 2256 (below). Signature dishes: rock lobster with French beans, girolles
and crustacean jus, Dover sole a la Riche, Challans duckling with cereal crust,
baby beetroot and turnip. $$$$$

TBLS Kitchen Studio

7/F, 31 Hollywood Road, Central. Tel: 2544 3433. Signature dishes: soup and
sandwich, ice cream sandwich (menu changes monthly). $$$$$

Teddy's Cafe

YWCA Lodge, 66 Begonia Road, Yau Yat Chuen. Tel: 2381 6638. Signature dishes:
baked oyster with cheese, lasagna, roasted lamb rack, rib-eye steak. $$-$$$

Tiffin

M/F Grand Hyatt Hong Kong, 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2584 7722 (below).
Signature dishes: weekday lunch buffet, evening dessert buffet, Sunday brunch.
$$$-$$$$

Top Deck at The Jumbo

Jumbo Kingdom, Shum Wan Pier Drive, Wong Chuk Hang, Aberdeen. Tel: 2552 3331.
Signature dishes: fritto misto di mare, seafood paella Valencia, surf and turf
with wild mushrooms and lemon butter sauce. $$$$

ToTT's

34/F The Excelsior Hong Kong, 281 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2837 6786.
Signature dishes: fried prawns with arugula and spicy mayonnaise, pork loin with
pommery mustard, apple crumble with vanilla ice cream. $$$$

European

ABC Kitchen

1/F Queen Street Cooked Food Market, 38 Des Voeux Road West, Sheung Wan. Tel:
9278 8227. Signature dishes: pan-fried frogs' legs, roasted suckling pig, potato
gnocchi with porcini and parmesan, beef Wellington. $$$

Amazing.One Fine Cuisine

Shop 10, Hang Sang Mansion, 48-78 High Street, Sai Ying Pun. Tel: 2547 8787.
Signature dishes: spring roll cigar with chicken and wild mushroom mousse, eel
fried rice with truffle paste, creme br√ªlee (right). $$

Basement Restaurant

Basement, 29 Gough Street, Central. Tel: 2854 0010. Signature dishes: grilled
Japanese sea scallops, organic fresh clam spaghetti, flambeed banana crumble,
chocolate parfait with fresh raspberries. $$$$$

Black Sheep

330 Shek O Village, Shek O. Tel: 2809 2021. Signature dishes: roasted sweet
pepper soup, fresh artichoke salad with three sauces, moussaka, grilled
swordfish, pavlova. $$$

Cafe Gray Deluxe (Asian and European)

49/F The Upper House, Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 3968 1106.
Signature dishes: barbecued quail and red beet salad, steamed sea bass, chilled
lemon grass soup with lime sorbet, passion fruit souffle. $$$$$

Casa Lisboa Portuguese Restaurant & Bar

8/F LKF Tower, 55 D'Aguilar Street, Central. Tel: 2905 1168. Signature dishes:
shredded bacalhau with potatoes and eggs, tiger prawns with chilli and lemon,
caramel pudding with orange. $$$

Chesa (Swiss)

1/F The Peninsula, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2696 6769. Signature
dishes: thinly sliced air-dried meat, raclette du Valais, roasted duck breast,
traditional Swiss fondue with gruyere and emmental, Toblerone chocolate fondue
with seasonal fruit. $$$$

Delicatessen Corner

B1, Holiday Inn Golden Mile, 50 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 1020.
Signature dishes: roasted pork knuckle with boiled potatoes and sauerkraut,
butcher's platter of house-made sausage, pork knuckle and smoked pork loin,
wiener schnitzel, apple strudel, German cheesecake. $-$$

Edo & Bibo Oyster & Steakhouse

28/F Macau Yat Yuen Centre, 525 Hennessy Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 3421 0472.
Signature dishes: lobster bisque with brandy, lobster and cream, Sicilian-style
prawn spaghetti, Spanish Iberico pork "secreto". $$$$

Fourth-Floor Restaurant and Bar

Harvey Nichols, The Landmark, 15 Queen's Road Central. Tel: 3695 3389. Signature
dishes: breaded frogs' legs with garlic butter escargots, pumpkin ravioli with
leek and mild camembert filling served with sage and walnut emulsion, sesame
panna cotta with black sesame ice cream. $$$$$

Fridge

1/F, 48 Peel Street, Central. Tel: 2810 1098. Signature dishes: oysters, ham and
cheese platter, Australian grain-fed premium pork with blue cheese. $$$$

Frites

1/F Queen's Place, 74 Queen's Road Central, Central. Tel: 2179 5179. (Branches
in Quarry Bay, tel: 2250 5188; Causeway Bay, tel: 2877 2422.) Signature dishes:
moules marinieres, roasted pork knuckle with caramelised roasted vegetables,
Belgian waffles with whipped cream and chocolate sauce. $$$$$

Fusion 5th Floor

5/F The Pemberton, 22-26 Bonham Strand East, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2854 1801.
Signature dishes: wagyu tongue with pickled peppers and shaved foie gras,
roasted rack of lamb with ratatouille, grilled US kurobuta pork rack. $$$$

Fusion Gourmet - Bakery, Market, Bistro

1/F The Pemberton, 22-26 Bonham Strand East, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2545 0068.
Signature dishes: grilled shellfish feast, US kurobuta pork sirloin with
Hungarian honey and spring onions. $$$$

Glo Restaurant and Lounge

1/F Hotel de Edge by Rhombus, 94-95 Connaught Road West, Sheung Wan. Tel: 3559
9971. Signature dishes: pulled pork mini burgers, seared scallops with chorizo
risotto (left). $$$

Gold by Harlan Goldstein

2/F LKF Tower, 33 Wyndham Street, Lan Kwai Fong, Central. Tel: 2869 9986.
Signature dishes: lobster spaghetti, Tuscany seafood soup, Hokkaido sea scallop
carpaccio, Japanese Saga pork with clams. $$$$$

Jaa Kitchen

LG/F, 61-63 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2545 5988. Signature dishes:
Myanmar soft-shell crab with corn, wagyu burger with manchego cheese, onion jam
and chorizo ketchup, chocolate "berried treasure" bar. $$$

Jar

2/F, 8 Lyndhurst Terrace, Central. Tel: 2543 8000. Signature dishes: charcuterie
platter, roasted chicken, not just another bread and butter pudding. $$$$

King Ludwig

2/F Murray House, Stanley Plaza, Stanley. Tel: 2899 0122. Signature dishes:
sausage sampler, crisp roasted pork knuckle with sauerkraut and potatoes. $$

The News Room

29-33 Tong Chong Street, Quarry Bay. Tel: 2562 3444. Signature dishes: goat's
cheese tart with roasted red onion, rocket and balsamic reduction, bacon-wrapped
rabbit with mustard sauce. $$$-$$$$

Nightingale Restaurant & Bar

33 Ship Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2804 1728. Signature dishes: smoked eel salad,
pancetta and green pea risotto, red wine-braised ox tongue. $$$

One Stop Ristorante & Bar

52 High Street, Sai Ying Pun. Tel: 2858 1018. Signature dishes: spaghetti
carbonara with mushrooms, sauteed prawn with One Stop herb sauce. $$$

Orange Tree (Dutch)

17 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2838 9352. Signature dishes: lamb fillets and
eggplant baked in puff pastry on creamed leeks and rosemary jus, mussels in
white wine sauce. $$$$

The Principal

Shop 1, G/F, Tower 1 Starcrest, 9 Star Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2563 3444.
Signature dishes: smoked eel with pineapple ice cream, suckling pig with lemon
puree. $$$$$

Sauce

9 Sha Tsui Path, Sai Kung. Tel: 2791 2348. Signature dishes: lamb cutlets,
spring chicken. $$

Scala Restaurant

11/F Renaissance Harbour View Hotel, 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2802 8888.
Signature dishes: black Angus rib-eye steak, organic chicken and spinach
cannelloni with roma tomato-thyme ragout. $$$$-$$$$$

Schnurrbart

29 D'Aguilar Street, Lan Kwai Fong. Tel: 2523 4700. (Branch in Tsim Sha Tsui,
tel: 2366 2986.) Signature dishes: mixed-sausage plate, braised beef marinated
in vinegar with red cabbage and potato dumplings, house-made meatloaf. $$-$$$

SML

Shop 1105, 11/F Times Square, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2577 3444. Signature dishes:
linguine with sea urchin and chilli oil (below), crisp pork belly with red
cabbage, meatballs with spicy tomato sauce. $$$

St George

1/F Hullett House, 2A Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3988 0220. Signature
dishes: snail and duck tartlet with cuttlefish, foie gras soup with black
pudding and spicy citrus sorbet, roasted Iberico pork cutlet with prunes, white
miso, Bellota ham and snails. $$$$$

Swiss Chalet

12-14 Hart Avenue, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2191 9197. Signature dishes: sauteed
frogs' legs in a saffron sauce with mushrooms, tomatoes and mixed rice, deer
medallions with herbs and mixed mushroom sauce served with spaetzle and red
cabbage, cheese fondue. $$

The Verandah

1/F The Peninsula, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2696 6766. Signature
dishes: hickory-smoked goose liver escalopes on minted melon salsa, wild
mushroom tortelloni in a truffle butter sage, soy-glazed cod fillet on angel
hair in a wild mushroom broth. $$$$-$$$$$

Weinstube (Austrian-German)

1/F Honytex Building, 22 Ashley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2376 1800. Signature
dishes: spit-roasted pork knuckle, wiener schnitzel, lamb fillet and veal cordon
bleu. $$$

Whisk

5/F The Mira Hotel Hong Kong, 118 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 5999.
Signature dishes: crispy suckling pig with braised baby lettuce, wagyu cote de
boeuf M7 for two. $$$$$

Zummer - Fine Dining & Bar

23-25/F QRE Plaza, 202 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai. Tel: 2574 6692. Signature
dishes: kurobuta pork loin with plum gravy and sauteed cabbage with bacon,
barbecued baby back ribs (below). $$$$-$$$$$

Miscellaneous

Al Pasha Silk Road Cuisine

Level 4, K11, 18 Hanoi Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3122 4444. Signature dishes:
Xinjiang bread, roasted lamb shank with cumin, stir-fried camel saddle with
asparagus, shredded mutton with okra, red radish and brake root vermicelli. $$

Alfie's by Kee (modern British)

Shop G5, G/F Prince's Building, 10 Chater Road, Central. Tel: 2530 4422.
Signature dishes: Ticklemore goat cheese, sage and caramelised onion tart, H.
Forman and Son's smoked haddock and prawn kedgeree, fish and chips. $$$$

Berliner German Bar and Restaurant

Shop G01B, D Deck, Discovery Bay. Tel: 2987 8203. (Branches in Tai Kok Tsui,
tel: 2148 5388; Lei King Wan, tel: 2121 8969.) Signature dishes: pumpernickel
with smoked salmon, sausage platter, roasted pork knuckle. $$-$$$

BLT Burger

Shop 301, Level 3, Ocean Terminal, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2730 2338.
Signature dishes: BLT burger, Australian wagyu burger, skinny fries, Vidalia
onion rings. $$

Bourbon (New Orleans)

21 Elgin Street, SoHo. Tel: 2540 6630. Signature dishes: jambalaya,
hickory-smoked baby back ribs, nachos. $$

Cicada (Asian tapas)

4 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2521 8188. Signature dishes: paneer tikki patties,
wok-tossed chilli garlic shrimp, five-spiced squid. $$$

Classified - The Cheese Room

108 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2525 3454. Signature dishes: artisan cheese
platter, cheese fondue, goat cheese salad, double eggs benedict. $$-$$$

The Drawing Room (Italian and French)

1/F J Plus Boutique Hotel, 1-5 Irving Street, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2915 6628.
Signature dishes: tomato water with clams, langoustine and seafood foam, wagyu
trio, tuna belly with wild herb emulsion and burrata. $$$$$

Duetto (Italian and Indian)

2/F Sun Hung Kai Centre, 30 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2598 1222. Signature
dishes: burrata with vegetable caponata, tandoori mixed grill, pan-roasted fish
fillet in coconut and coriander marinade. $$$

Farm Kitchen Vegi (organic Japanese and Western)

2/F The Cameron, 33 Cameron Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2721 1800. Signature
dishes: white fish carpaccio, avocado and tofu-skin mille-feuille, stir-fried
spinach with mentaiko, pork kakuni with paprika and red vinaigrette miso. $$$

Felix (contemporary)

28/F The Peninsula Hong Kong, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2696 6778.
Signature dishes: hoisin-grilled baby back pork ribs, filet mignon with Italian
porcini red wine sauce, Felix tiramisu. $$$$$

Finds (Scandinavian)

1/F The Luxe Manor, 39 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2522 9318. Signature
dishes: Nordic seafood platter, dessert trio. $$$$$

G.e

2/F The Luxe Manor, 39 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3763 8803. Signature
dishes:
beet-ravioli-candy-ginger-chicken-skin-cylinder-yolk-pimento-jelly-semi/solid-do
uble-consomme, cherry, lemon and kiri cheese meringue. $$$$$

Greyhound Cafe (modern Thai and international)

Shop 1082, Podium Level 1, IFC Mall, Central. Tel: 2383 1133. (Branch in Harbour
City, TST, tel: 2383 6600.) Signature dishes: spaghetti with corned beef (left),
fried chicken wings, "complicated noodles", poached sable fish with sweet and
spicy sauce. $$$-$$$$

Harrington's (British)

1/F Ho Lee Commercial Building, 17 Lan Kwai Fong, Central. Tel: 2522 1823.
Signature dishes: mini sliders, fisherman's pie, liver and bacon. $$$$

Hong Kong Day (international noodles)

Shop P102, Level P1, The Peak Tower, The Peak. Tel: 2849 7855. Signature dishes:
salmon salad with wasabi vinaigrette, prawn cakes with mint, coriander, lemon
grass and chilli, prawn laksa, pan-fried risotto. $$

Hooray Bar and Restaurant

P502 World Trade Centre, 280 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2895 0885.
Signature dishes: beetroot and gorgonzola salad, kurobuta pork chop with avocado
salsa. $$$$

The Flying Pan (all-day breakfast)

9 Old Bailey Street, Central. Tel: 2140 6333. (Branch in Wan Chai, tel: 2528
9997.) Signature dishes: omelettes, French toast, waffles, British fly-up,
4x4x4. $-$$

Life Cafe (vegetarian)

10 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2810 9777. Signature dishes: Moroccan groundnut
stew, roasted vegetable lasagne, quinoa, oat and mushroom bake, oven-roasted
za'atar, lentil and walnut burger. $$-$$$

Limehouse (British)

35 Ship Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2528 5818. Signature dishes: duck liver and duck
egg with brioche toast and foie gras sauce (below), calf's liver with
caramelised apple and soft polenta, sticky toffee pudding. $$$

Lux

UG/F & 1/F, The Plaza, 21 D'Aguilar Street, Central. Tel: 2868 9538. Signature
dishes: whole baby squid stuffed with mushrooms, Kobe burger. $$$$

Madam Sixty Ate (modern Australian)

Shop 8, 1/F The Podium, J Senses, 60 Johnston Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2527 2558.
Signature dishes: terrine of game birds, pickled baby vegetables, fasenjan
pigeon breast with crisp phyllo-wrapped leg, bonito mamitako. $$$$$

Memo's (Italian, Spanish and Croatian)

62 High Street, Sai Ying Pun. Tel: 2858 8273. Signature dishes: Caprese salad,
pasta puttanesca, ham and porcini ravioli. $$$

Mensa Organica

G/F Bright Star Mansion, 95-97 Leighton Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 3489 8266.
Signature dishes: yam noodle and crabmeat salad, smoked pork belly with lemon
cream risotto. $$$$

More than Noodles - Bar (Asian noodles and small dishes)

13/F The Loop, 33 Wellington Street, Central. Tel: 2521 9191. Signature dishes:
mix-and-match noodles, xiao long bao, fried carrot cake with XO sauce, boneless
drunken chicken wings. $$

Nepal Restaurant

14 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2869 6212. Signature dishes: momocha, aloo chop,
royal chicken. $$$.

Nomads (Mongolian barbecue)

55 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2722 0733. Signature dishes:
all-you-can-eat Mongolian buffet. $$

Old Bazaar Kitchen (Chinese and Southeast Asian)

Shop 207, 207 Wan Chai Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2893 3998. Signature dishes:
pan-fried ox tongue, hau diu goose liver, deep-fried pork intestines, lamb belly
soup, noodles with belacan sauce. $$

Oolaa

G/F CentreStage, Bridges Street, SoHo. Tel: 2803 2083. Signature dishes: pork
belly lollipops, duck confit, seared scallops on minted green pea risotto with
crispy pancetta, strawberry pavlova (below). $$$

La Pampa (Argentinian)

32 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2868 6959. Signature dishes: bife de lomo, beef
tenderloin steak, Argentine beef sausage, tomato stuffed with chicken or tuna,
provoleta cheese with olive oil and herbs. $$-$$$

The Pawn (modern British)

62 Johnston Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2866 3444. Signature dishes: roasted bone
marrow, pan-roasted sardines and shrimp, oysters, green onion lime sauce with
ginger snow, summer pudding with Cornish clotted cream, roasted game hen with
thyme stuffing. $$$$

Pickled Pelican (English)

90 Stanley Main Street, Stanley, tel: 2813 4313. Signature dishes: fish and
chips, beef and mushroom pot pie, dill salmon carpaccio with rocket and potato
salad. $$$

Sagrantino (Tokyo-style Italian)

5/F The Loop, 33 Wellington Street, Central. Tel: 2521 5188. Signature dishes:
grilled salmon head, grilled seafood. $$$

Se Sa Me

2/F L Place, 139 Queen's Road Central. Tel: 2870 2323. Signature dishes: steak
and tomato poke, Se Sa Me dessert. $$$$$

Te (international pasta)

1/F Cheung Hing Commercial Building, 37 Cochrane Street, Central. Tel: 2110
6910. (Branches in Lan Kwai Fong, tel: 3421 0914; Lei King Wan, tel: 3188 1439;
Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2312 0096.) Signature dishes: mentaiko spaghetti, spaghetti
vongole bianco, spaghetti with eggplant and ham. $

Uncle Moustache (Chinese/French)

Shop GC24-26, 35 Tai Hong Street, Lei King Wan, Sai Wan Ho. Tel: 2967 6764.
Signature dishes: pig's lung and almond soup, dong po pork belly, prawns with
salted egg yolk, crab with glutinous rice, "lamb in the middle of a group of
tigers". $$$

Wong Fung (Chinese-style kushiyaki)

Shop A, G/F, Bo Fung Mansion, 9-11 St Francis Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2871 3388.
Signature dishes: grilled seasonal fish, eel fillet, handmade fish balls, pork
fat steamed rice with pork floss (above). $$$$

