

LG Electronics Mobile Communications CEO Cho Juno introduces the G5, the
company's new premium smartphone, at the Sant Jordi Club in Barcelona, Spain,
late Sunday, a day ahead of the beginning of this year's Mobile World Congress
(MWC). LG overhauled the design of its flagship mobile device by adopting a full
metal surface and adding various new features. / Courtesy of LG ElectronicsBy
Kim Yoo-chul

BARCELONA, Spain - LG Electronics unveiled its latest premium G5 smartphone at
Sant Jordi Club, Sunday (Seoul time), a day before the opening of the Mobile
World Congress (MWC), here.

LG pins its hopes for a rebound in its market share on the new flagship
smartphone.

The company adopted a modular design for the model, allowing it to be used with
other devices.

The modular handset features a 'Magic Slot' at the bottom of the phone, allowing
various accessories and hardware add-ons to the phone.

The G5's expandability will help LG gain greater traction in the market, the
company's mobile chief Cho Juno said.

'Physical combination between external hardware devices and the G5 will allow LG
to strengthen the LG-initiated mobile ecosystem,' Cho said during the event
which was packed with more than 500 media and industry officials.

The G5 significantly improved its battery, display and camera functions thanks
to an alliance with LG's three technology affiliates - LG Display, LG Chem and
LG Innotek.

Moreover, it went with a full metal body, a major overhaul for the device
design.

The G5 expanded its removable battery capacity to 2,800 milliampere hours (mAh),
the measure commonly used to describe the energy charge that a battery will hold
and how long a device will run before the battery needs recharging.

With the collaboration of Bang & Olufsen (B&O), the G5 also comes with improved
audio through 'Hi-Fi Plus with B&O PLAY.'

The G5 also has a large 5.3-inch LCD display.

On top of the key features, the G5 comes with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 820
chip. LG also released eight LG G5 Friends accessories during its Unpacked
event.

Virtual reality (VR) equipment, cameras and camcorders can be added to the G5.

Cho will hold a press conference on Tuesday for the Korean media, to update the
company's mobile business strategies.

'LG can deliver some solid technological advances that will help it stand apart
from rivals,' said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy.
'Marketing has been a traditional weak spot for LG. It needs to improve its game
this time around.'

