

French

Agnes b Le Pain Grille

Shop 3096-3097, 3/F, ifc Mall, Central. Tel: 2805 0798 (Branches in Fashion
Walk, tel: 2577 0370; Festival Walk, tel: 2265 7680). Signature dishes: fish
soup, mussels with white wine and cream, grilled lamb chops with garlic confit,
rosemary sauce and mixed vegetables. $$$$

Amber

7/F Landmark Mandarin Oriental, 15 Queen's Road, Central. Tel: 2132 0066.
Signature dishes: watermelon with vine cherry tomatoes and goat's cheese,
11-hour poached Kurobuta pork belly, Margaret River wagyu beef. $$$$$

Amigo

Amigo Mansion, 79A Wong Nai Chung Road, Happy Valley. Tel: 2577 8993. Signature
dishes: turtle soup with cream and light curry flavour, roasted oyster and
grilled fillet steak with shallot red wine sauce, king prawn baked with gruyere,
pan-fried sea bass with mushrooms, Grand Marnier souffle. $$$$$

Amuse Bouche

22/F, The Hennessy, 256 Hennessy Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2891 3666. Signature
dishes: duck confit with sauteed potatoes and herb salad, lobster bisque,
abalone with sea urchin, foie gras with roasted fig jelly and red vinaigrette
reduction, Tuscan artisinal pasta with black truffle and chicken gravy. $$$$$

L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon

Shop 401, 4/F The Landmark, Central. Tel: 2166 9000. Signature dishes: sea
urchin with lobster jelly and cauliflower cream, beef burgers with foie gras,
spaghetti with black truffle, parmesan and egg, steak tartare, Chartreuse
souffle. $$$$$

Bistrot Le Fauchon

Shop 211, 2/F Silvercord Centre, 30 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2956 3286.
(Branches in  Central, tel: 2526 8318; Mong Kok, tel: 2628 9398). Signature
dishes: goose liver pat? onion soup, grilled quail. $$$$

Bouchon Bistro Francais

49 Elgin Street, SoHo Tel: 2525 9300 Signature dishes: duck rillettes,
Perigordine salad with gizzard, smoked duck breast and foie gras, steak tartare.
$$$

Brasserie on the Eighth

8/F Conrad Hotel, Pacific Place, Admiralty. Tel: 2521 3838 ext 8240. Signature
dishes: Alaskan crab salad with mango and avocado, bouillabaisse with rouille,
veal cheeks braised with aged port wine sauce, Provencale-style rack of lamb
with tarragon sauce, chocolate mousse with passion fruit coulis. $$$$$

Cafe de Paris

23 Elgin Street, SoHo. Tel 2810 0771. (Branch in Stanley, tel: 2813 4822).
Signature dishes: pan-fried foie gras with grape-ginger marmalade, mussels in
white wine and parsley butter sauce, rib-eye steak with Caf?de Paris butter
(below). $$$$

Caprice

6/F Four Seasons, 8 Finance Street, Central. Tel: 3196 8860. Signature dishes:
ravioli of langoustine, sweetbread and chanterelle mushrooms with shellfish
sauce, smoked scallop skewer with rosemary, truffle capellini and pumpkin
emulsion, warm duck foie gras with sweet and sour red berries. $$$$$

Cepage

23 Wing Fung Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2861 3130. Signature dishes: roasted veal
from Cote du Limousin with pesto tagliatelle and salad, shellfish bouillon and
lobster ravioli with finely sliced fresh ginger, salmon tartare with caviar.
$$$$$

Cheri-Cheri

41-49 Aberdeen Street, Central. Tel: 9604 7777. Signature dishes: mint
"incredi-balls", roast chicken, boeuf bourguignon. $$$

La Creperie

1/F, 100 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai. Tel: 2529 9280. Signature dishes: Eckmuhl
galette (reblochon cheese with potatoes, bacon and onions), la marin (scallops
with bacon, mushrooms and white wine), la bigoudene (ham, Emmental cheese and
egg), la sextant (caramelised apples and salted butter caramel). $$

Dap

1/F, 102 Austin Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3526 1228.  Signature dishes: Angus
beef carpaccio with truffle and Parmesan cheese in light anchovy sauce, sauteed
foie gras with apple chutney, roasted suckling pig with marinated grapes, roast
rack of lamb with port wine sauce. $$$$$

Didier Restaurant and Bar

3 Mee Lun Street, Central. Tel: 2217 3389. Signature dishes: beef tartare with
sauteed potatoes, crab salad with aioli sauce, confit duck leg with honey fig
sauce. $$$$$

Entourage

1/F, 1-5 Elgin Street, Central Tel: 2559 8281 Signature dishes: prawns with
garlic, esplette pepper and olive oil, steak tartare, chicken skewers with
cumin, garlic and coriander, iced turon with almond and acacia honey. $$$-$$$$

The French Window

Shop 3101, Podium Level 3, IFC Mall, Central. Tel: 2393 3812. Signature dishes:
grilled scallops with cep mushrooms and parsley butter, mushroom tart and foie
gras marinated in green grape juice, pan-seared lamb with Middle East pesto.
$$$$$

Gaddi's

1/F, The Peninsula, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 3171. Signature
dishes: scallop carpaccio and black truffle, poached pike souffl?with pan-fried
crayfish, roasted pigeon with white beans and pan-fried goose liver. $$$$$

Le Gouter Bernardaud

Shop 2028-2029, Podium Level 2, IFC Mall, 8 Finance Street, Central. Tel: 2295
3955. Signature dishes: croque monsieur, tartine chevre on Poilane bread,
French-cut US pork chop with mashed potatoes, grilled eggplant, onions and
tomatoes. $$

Green Mouse

33 Peel Street, Central. Tel: 2544 0389. Signature dishes: snails in green
garlic butter sauce, duck confit, French pigeon, pistachio creme brulee. $$$$

La Maison

1/F, Flat B, Mountain View Mansion, 2 Swatow Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2628 3888.
Signature dishes: fresh oysters, escargot with garlic and herb butter, grilled
rack of lamb, "ice mountain" dessert. $$$$

Le Marron

12/F Ying Kong Mansion, 2-6 Yee Wo Street, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2881 6662.
Signature dishes: pan-fried foie gras, cassoulet with imported confit de canard,
tarte Tatin. $$$$

Mirror Restaurant

6/F Tiffan Tower, 197-199 Wanchai Road,  Wan Chai. Tel: 2573 7288. Signature
dishes: frog legs with garlic cream and  watercress sauce, roast pigeon with red
wine sauce and macaroni gratin, Mirror-style pear Belle Helene. $$$$$

On Lot 10

34 Gough Street, Central. Tel: 2155 9210. Signature dishes: fish soup, fish of
the day baked in salt crust, roasted local farm chicken with black truffles and
sweet peas. $$$$

Pastis

65 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2537 5702. Signature dishes: home-made duck
rillette, shrimp with garlic, home-made apple tart. $$$

Petrus

56/F Island Shangri-la, Pacific Place, Admiralty. Tel: 2820 8590. Signature
dishes: smoked Scottish salmon fillet with a royal caviar cream, Brittany turbot
fillet stuffed with lemon confit, vanilla mille-feuille with jam. $$$$$

Pierre

25/F Mandarin Oriental, 5 Connaught Road Central. Tel: 2825 4001. Signature
dishes: degustation menu, "La Rouge", rack of lamb, "La Langouste", les desserts
de Pierre Gagnaire. $$$$$

The Press Room

108 Hollywood Road, Central. Tel: 2525 3444. Signature dishes: fruits de mer
platter, French onion soup, free-range chicken breast coq au vin, duck
bolognaise, pear tarte  tatin. $$$$

Riva

27/F The Park Lane, 310 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2839 3327. Signature
dishes: light lobster salad, lobster fricassee with creamy Chablis sauce, penne
pasta scented with black truffle oil, pan-seared Australian rack of lamb with
wild mushroom risotto, warm Valrhona chocolate cake with almond crisps. $$$$

Savoye Bistro

Hon Man Mansion, 9-11 Wing Hing Street,  Tin Hau. Tel: 2503 3222. Signature
dishes: grilled beef tenderloin with green peppercorn sauce, Cajun-style roasted
garoupa, souffles. $$$$

La Terrasse Wine  Bar & Restaurant

19 Old Bailey Street, SoHo. Tel: 2147 2225. Signature dishes: vol au vent with
escargot in parsley butter, prawn cocktail with avocado mousse, coq au vin,
aiguilletes of duck breast with morel mushroom feuillete, chocolate moelleux.
$$$-$$$$

Whisk

5/F The Mira Hotel Hong Kong, 118 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 5999.
Signature dishes: baked lobster bisque  with herb souffl? tagliatelle with
sauteed Maine lobster in aromatic oil, suckling pig with truffle salad and
spiced red wine sauce. $$$$$

Hotpot

Lin Kee Hotpot

8/F, Causeway Bay Plaza Phase 2, 463-483 Lockhart Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2834
0998. (Branch in Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2721 8171). Signature dishes: spicy
Taiwanese hotpot soup base, preserved egg soup base, thinly sliced prime beef,
pork and mushroom balls. $-$$

Little Sheep

2/F, Causeway Bay Plaza Phase 2, 463-483 Lockhart Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2893
8318. (Branch in Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2722 7633). Signature dishes: Mongolian
spicy hotpot, sliced mutton, sliced beef, dim sum. $-$$

New F.F. Hotpot

340-346 Jaffe Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2838 9392. Signature dishes: spicy soup base,
chicken kidneys, prime beef slices, make-your-own dipping sauce. $$

Megan's Kitchen

5/F Lucky Centre, 165-171 Wanchai Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2866 8305. Signature
dishes: tom yum cappuccino soup base, flowering chives and pork dumplings,
spring onion cuttlefish balls, fu chow spicy fish balls, pak choi and beef
balls, iced tofu. $$$

Steaks

Anthony's Ranch

28 Yi Chun Street, Sai Kung. Tel: 2791 6113. Signature dishes: smoked ribs, hot
wings (above left), hot chocolate brownie with ice cream. $$$

Bistecca Italian Steak House

2/F Grand Progress Building, 15-16 Lan  Kwai Fong, Central. Tel: 2525 1308.
Signature dishes: thick-cut bacon with gremolata, Delmonico 24oz bone-in
rib-eye. $$$$$

Black Stump Australian  Grill and Bar

1 Knutsford Terrace, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2721 0202. Signature dishes: wagyu
rib-eye  steak, char-grilled grain-fed saddle lamb chops in crushed lemon
wattle, baked pavlova with Queensland berries and country cream. $$$

BLT Steak

G62, Ocean Terminal, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2730 3508. Signature
dishes: flat iron steak, wagyu sirloin, tuna tartare, lemon-rosemary chicken,
crepe souffle with passion fruit sauce. $$$$

China Coast Bar & Grill

G/F, Regal Airport Hotel, 9 Cheong Tat Road, Chek Lap Kok. Tel: 2286 6898.
Signature dishes: jumbo crab cakes, prime Angus burger, New York strip steak,
rib-eye steak, lobster cappuccino. $$$-$$$$

Craftsteak

29 Elgin Street, SoHo. Tel: 2526 0999. Signature dishes: foie gras poutine,
spicy steak tartare on grilled toast,  Black Angus sirloin, T-bone steak.  $$$

Knutsford Steak Chop & Oyster Bar

Level 1, 15 Knutsford Terrace, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2316 2381. Signature dishes:
char-grilled rib-eye steak, freshly shucked oysters. $$$

Lawry's The Prime Rib

4/F The Lee Gardens, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2907 2218.  Signature
dishes: prime rib with  Yorkshire pudding, creamed spinach, creamed corn. $$$$$

Louis' Steak House

1/F Malaysia Building, 50 Gloucester Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2529 8933. Signature
dishes: chateaubriand for two, porterhouse,  Dutch steak, prawn cocktail, crepes
Suzette. $$$

Mezzo Grill

1/F Regal Kowloon Hotel, 71 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2313 8778. Signature
dishes: oyster shooters with caviar, lobster,  mango and avocado salad,
mesquite-grilled ostrich skewer, surf and turf, lemon ganache tart, iced Grand
Marnier souffle. $$$$

Morton's of Chicago

4/F Sheraton Hong Kong Hotel & Towers. 20 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2732
2343. Signature dishes: double filet mignon, porterhouse steak, New York strip
sirloin, veal chop. $$$$$

Opus Grill

7/F, LKF Tower, 33 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2526 2366. Signature dishes:
steamed Dungeness crab cake with Old Bay spiced avocado, dry-aged steaks,
lobster risotto with brown butter and mascarpone, brandy raisin semifreddo with
cashew nougatine. $$$$$

Outback Steakhouse

2/F JP Plaza, 22-36 Paterson Street, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2881 8012. (Branches  in
Tsuen Wan, tel: 2940 0682; Hung Hom,  tel: 2766 2823; Tsim Sha Tsui East, tel:
2311 7800; Wan Chai, tel: 3101 0418; Taikoo Shing, tel: 2560 8246; Tsim Sha
Tsui, tel: 3741 1728). Signature dishes: New York strip steak, porterhouse
steak, New Zealand rack of lamb with cabernet sauce, grilled chicken breast with
bacon, mushrooms and  cheese. $$$

Prime Steak House/Wine Bar

Shop R008, 3/F Civic Square, Elements, 1 Austin Road West, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2311 3108. Signature dishes: Caesar salad  with buttermilk fried chicken, USDA
prime rib-eye, sauteed garlic mushrooms, whole "angry" lobster with spaghetti,
tomatoes  and mint (above).  $$$$$

Ruth's Chris Steak House

Shop 1, G/F Lippo Centre, 89 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 2522 9090. (Branch in
Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2366 6000). Signature dishes: filet mignon, New York strip
steak. $$$$$

The Steak House

G/F Hotel InterContinental Hong Kong, 18 Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2313 2405. Signature dishes: Australian wagyu, chateaubriand for two, Australian
Angus, Kagoshima pork loin, Boston lobster. $$$$$

Steik World Meats

Shop 14, Level 3, K11, 18 Hanoi Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2530 0011. Signature
dishes: pan-seared foie gras with toasted brioche and peach chutney, grilled
scallop with green curry butter, eight-hour wagyu bolognaise with spaghetti,
Steik World meat tasting platter. $$$$$

Tango Argentinian Steakhouse

1/F 77 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2525 5808. Signature dishes: empanadas,
grilled chorizo, grilled sweetbreads, grilled lamb. $$$$$

Wagyu

The Centrium, 60 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2525 8805. (Wagyu Lounge in
Central, tel: 2522 1438). Signature dishes: Thai king prawn lollipops,
salt-crusted wagyu beef strips, wagyu filet. $$$$

Wooloomooloo Bar & Grill

G/F & 1/F, Onfem Tower, 29 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2894 8010. (Branches in
Elements, tel: 2736 9771; TST East, tel: 2722 7050; Wan Chai, tel: 2893 6960).
Signature dishes: blue swimmer crab  cake with mustard mayonnaise sauce, rib-eye
steak with spicy marinade,  nut-crusted roasted seabass with rich  tomato sauce,
ell's gate hot chocolate cake with a warm liquid centre.  $$$$

Wooloomooloo Prime

21/F The One, 100 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2870 0087. Signature dishes:
jumbo lump crab cake, Wooloomooloo  salad. $$$$$

W's Entrecote

6/F, 33 Sharp Street East, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2506 0133. Signature dishes:
rib-eye  steak with herb butter and all-you-can-eat fries, pan-fried goose
liver. $$$

Miscellaneous

Al Pasha Silk Road Cuisine

Level 4, K11, 18 Hanoi Road, Tsim Sha Tsui.  Tel: 3122 4444. Signature dishes:
Xinjiang bread, roast lamb shank with cumin,  stir-fried camel saddle with
asparagus, shredded mutton with okra, red radish and brake root vermicelli. $$

Alfie's by Kee (modern British)

Prince's Building, Shop G5, G/F 10 Chater Road, Central. Tel: 2530 4422.
Signature dishes: Ticklemore goat cheese, sage and caramelised onion tart, H.
Forman and Son's  smoked haddock and prawn kedgeree, fish and chips. $$$$

Balalaika (Russian)

Penthouse, LKF Tower, 33 WyndhamStreet, Lan Kwai Fong. Tel: 3579 2929. Signature
dishes: duck liver pat?with smoked duck breast, charcoal-grilled skewers, beef
stew in red wine sauce with vegetables. $$$

BLT Burger

Shop 301, Level 3, Ocean Terminal, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2730 2338.
Signature dishes: BLT burger, Australian wagyu burger, skinny fries, Vidalia
onion rings. $$

Cafe Gray Deluxe  (Asian and European)

49/F, The Upper House, Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 3968 1106.
Signature dishes: barbecued quail and  red beet salad, steamed sea bass, chilled
lemongrass soup with lime sorbet, passion fruit souffl? $$$$$

Casa Lisboa Portuguese Restaurant & Bar

8/F LKF Tower, 55 D'Aguilar Street, Central. Tel: 2905 1168. Signature dishes:
shredded bacalhau with potatoes and eggs, tiger prawns with chilli and lemon,
duck rice "old style", caramel pudding with orange. $$$$

Cicada (Asian tapas)

4 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2521 8188. Signature dishes: paneer tikki patties,
wok-tossed chilli garlic shrimp, five-spiced squid. $$$

The Drawing Room  (Italian and French)

1/F JIA Boutique Hotel, 1-5 Irving Street, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2915 6628.
Signature dishes: tomato water with clams, langoustine and seafood foam, wagyu
trio, tuna belly with wild herb emulsion and burrata. $$$$$

Duetto (Italian and Indian)

2/F Sun Hung Kai Centre, 30 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2598 1222. Signature
dishes: burrata with vegetable caponata, tandoori mixed grill, pan-roasted fish
fillet in coconut and coriander marinade. $$$

Farm Kitchen Vegi (organic Japanese and Western)

2/F The Cameron. 33 Cameron Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2721 1800. Signature
dishes: white fish carpaccio, avocado and tofu-skin mille-feuille, stir-fried
spinach with mentaiko. $$$

Hong Kong Day (international noodles)

Shop P102, Level P1, The Peak Tower, The Peak. Tel: 2849 7855. Signature dishes:
salmon salad with wasabi vinaigrette,  Thai prawn cakes with pint, coriander,
lemongrass and chilli, prawn laksa, pan-fried risotto. $$

Hooray Bar and Restaurant

P502 World Trade Centre, 280 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2895 0885
Signature dishes: beetroot and gorgonzola salad, Kurobuta pork chop with avocado
salsa. $$$$

Felix (contemporary)

28/F The Peninsula Hong Kong, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 3188.
Signature dishes: hoisin-grilled baby back pork ribs, filet mignon with Italian
porcini red wine sauce, Felix tiramisu. $$$$$

The Flying Pan (all-day breakfast)

9 Old Bailey Street, Central. Tel: 2140 6333. (Branch in Wan Chai, tel: 2528
9997). Signature dishes: omelettes, French toast, waffles, British fly-up,
4x4x4. $-$$

Life Cafe (vegetarian)

10 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2810 9777. Signature dishes: Moroccan ground nut
stew, roasted vegetable lasagne, quinoa oat and mushroom bake, oven-roasted
za'atar. $$-$$$

Limehouse (British)

35 Ship Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2528 5818. Signature dishes: duck liver and duck
egg with brioche toast and foie gras sauce,  calf's liver with caramelised apple
and  soft polenta, "not exactly bangers and  mash", sticky toffee pudding. $$$

Nepal Restaurant

14 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2869 6212. Signature dishes: momocha, aloo chop,
royal chicken. $$$

Nino's Cozinha Cafe &  Restaurant (Portuguese)

5/F QRE Plaza, 202 Queen's Road East,  Wan Chai. Tel: 2866 1868. Signature
dishes: salted codfish with olive oil, onions,  tomatoes, peppers and egg,
pan-fried US beef spare ribs with fresh vegetables, Portuguese spicy grilled
chicken, baked duck rice. $$$

Nomads (Mongolian barbecue)

55 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2722 0733. Signature dishes:
all-you-can-eat Mongolian buffet. $$

Old Bazaar Kitchen (Chinese and Southeast Asian)

Shop 207, 207 Wan Chai Road, Wan Chai Tel: 2893 3998 Signature dishes: pan-fried
ox tongue, hau diu goose liver, deep-fried pork intestines, lamb belly soup,
noodles with belacan sauce. $$

Oolaa

G/F CentreStage, Bridges Street, Soho Tel: 2803 2083 Signature dishes:  pork
belly lollipops, duck confit,  strawberry pavlova (below). $$$

La Pampa (Argentinian)

32 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2868 6959. Signature dishes: bife de lomo,  beef
tenderloin steak, Argentine beef sausage, tomato stuffed with chicken or  tuna.
$$-$$$

The Pawn (modern British)

62 Johnston Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2866 3444. Signature dishes: roast bone marrow,
pan-roasted sardines and shrimp, oyster, green onion lime sauce with ginger
snow. $$$$

Pickled Pelican (English)

43 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2868 6026. (Branch in Stanley, tel: 2813 4313).
Signature dishes: fish and chips, beef and mushroom pot pie, dill salmon
carpaccio with rocket and potato salad. $$$

Sagrantino (Tokyo-style Italian)

5/F The Loop, 33 Wellington Street, Central. Tel: 2521 5188. Signature dishes:
grilled salmon head, grilled seafood. $$$

Indian

Aashirwad

1/F, 1 Minden Avenue, Tsim Sha Tsui .Tel: 3106 0860 Signature dishes: uttapum
(sourdough pancake with tomatoes, onions, coriander, sambar and coconut
chutney), shahi paneer tikka (tandoor roasted paneer). $$

Bombay Dreams

4/F Carfield Commercial Building, 75-77 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2971 0001.
Signature dishes: tandoori prawns, tandoori platter, lamb masala, prawn biryani.
$$-$$$

Chapel

27 Yik Yam Street, Happy Valley. Tel: 2834 6565. Signature dishes: butter
chicken in cream and tomato sauce, lamb vindaloo, prawns in a mild cream and
coconut  sauce, classic lentil dhal, palak paneer of home-made cottage cheese
and spinach. $$

Ganga's Fine Indian Cuisine

LG/F, 57-59 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2537 7933. Signature dishes: vegetable
samosas, fish tikka, chicken Jalfarezi, aloo gobi. $$-$$$

Gaylord Indian Restaurant

1/F Ashley Centre, 23-25 Ashley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2376 1001. Signature
dishes: vegetable samosas, fish tikka, tandoori mixed grill. $$$

The Great Indian Kebab Factory

Shop 8, Level 2, Miramar Shopping Centre, 132 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2317 7008 Signature dishes: mackerel marinated in cream cheese with dill leaves,
meat beli ram, fried prawns in tandoori spices. $$$

India Today

3/F Lyton Building, 36-38 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2311 8077. Signature
dishes: samosas, onion bhajia, ravi onion dosa, sev puri, butter paneer masala.
$$

Ista Bar & Grill

2/F Onfem Tower, 29 Wyndham Street, Central Tel: 8108 0807. Signature dishes:
mulligatawny, chicken biriyani, paani poori, sev poori. $$$

Jashan

1/F Amber Lodge, 23 Hollywood Road, Central. Tel: 3105 5300. Signature dishes:
fennel-infused pink salmon tikka, sandalwood-enriched chicken breast,  French
beans with grated coconut. $$$

JoJo

21 Man Nin Street, Sai Kung. Tel: 2574 7477. (Branch in Wan Chai, tel: 2527
3776). Signature dishes: Bengali fish curry, achari fish, dahl makhani. $$

Khana Khazana

1/F Dannies House, 20 Luard Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2520 5308. Signature dishes:
vegetarian tandoori, mysore masala dosa. $$

Tandoor Indian Restaurant

1/F Lyndhurst Tower, 1 Lyndhurst Terrace, Central, Tel: 2845 2262. Signature
dishes: sev pura, paneer tikka, aloo gobi, baigan bertha. $$-$$$

