

NEW DELHI: Samsung has launched its Galaxy Note 7 phablet with a bunch of new
security features including the iris scanner. The phablet packs high-end
specifications and is also optimised to work with the next-gen Gear VR headset,
which also launched alongside the Note 7. Samsung calls its new phablet to be
the 'world's most intelligent smartphone'. Although the company has not yet
mentioned the India price of the Galaxy Note 7, the device would definitely be
competing with the flagship devices in the market. To see where the Galaxy Note
7 stands against other high-end handsets in the market, here is a comparison of
the device with the HTC 10, LG G5 and the iPhone 6S Plus.DisplaySamsung Galaxy
Note 7 - 5.7-inch QHD (2560x1440 pixels) Super Amoled with Corning Gorilla Glass
5.HTC 10 - 5.2-inch QHD resolution Super LCD 5 with Corning Gorilla Glass 3.LG
G5 - 5.3-inch QHD resolution IPS LCD with Corning Gorilla Glass 4.Apple iPhone
6S Plus - 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) IPS display with 3D Touch
technology.ProcessorSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - octa-core Exynos 8890/ quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820HTC 10 - Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820LG G5 -
Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820Apple iPhone 6S Plus - Apple A9
processorRAMSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 4GB RAMHTC 10 - 4GB RAMLG G5 - 4GB RAMApple
iPhone 6S Plus - 2GB RAMInbuilt StorageSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 64GB inbuilt
storage with microSD storage option up to 256GBHTC 10 - 32GB inbuilt storage
with microSD storage option up to 2TBLG G5 - 32GB inbuilt storage with microSD
storage option up to 2TBApple iPhone 6S Plus - 16/64/128GB with no external
storage option.CameraSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 12MP 'Dual Pixel' rear camera along
with 5MP front-facing camera.HTC 10 - 12MP 'Ultrpixel' rear camera along with
5MP front-facing camera.LG G5 - 16MP+8MP dual rear camera along with an 8MP
front-facing camera.Apple iPhone 6S Plus - 12MP iSight camera along with 5MP
Facetime camera.SizeSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 153.5x73.9x7.9mm.HTC 10 -
145.9x71.9x9.0mm.LG G5 - 149.4x73.9x7.3mm.Apple iPhone 6S Plus -
158.2x77.9x7.3mm.BatterySamsung Galaxy Note 7 - non removable 3500mAh.HTC 10 -
non-removable 3000mAh.LG G5 - removable 2800mAh.Apple iPhone 6S Plus -
non-removable 2750mAh.


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

