

Seems like LG 's latest flagship smartphone G5 has failed to meet the company's
expectations. According to a report in Korea Times, the company said that the
recent restructuring in the mobile division is because its latest flagship G5
smartphone failed to generate sales.LG recently announced that it has replaced
some of its executives and formed a program management office (PMO) in its
mobile division. The restructuring is reportedly aimed at bringing some
much-needed "new momentum" to its struggling mobile business.According to the
report in Korea Times, "mobiles chief Cho Juno will oversee the PMO, which has
authority to handle strategies for product development, manufacturing, marketing
and sales; while Oh Hyung-hoon, a former research lab head, will be its chief,
supported by mobile division vice president Ha Jeong-wook."The company has named
senior vice president Kim Hyung-jeong as head of its mobile research lab.The
South Korean giant unveiled the LG G5 smartphone in February at Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona.

The main highlight of the smartphone is its the modular body. The modules are
called as LG Friends, as they are the companion of the smartphone and can be
attached to it. G5 sports aluminum unibody modular design featuring a slide-out
battery. The battery of the smartphone can be popped out to attach the LG Cam
Plus module to it. It comes with an additional 1,200mAh battery which adds to
the G5's standard 2,800 mAh battery.The smartphone is powered by a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM with
support for microSD cards of up to 2TB in size. The modular smartphone has a
5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of 1440x2560 pixel.The
modular smartphone launched in India in June this year at Rs 52,990.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

