

The modular smart accessories offer LG ways to generate profits adjacent to the
commoditising smartphone market, analyst says

Image Credit: Zarina Fernandes/ Gulf News Naushad K. Cherrayil, Staff Reporter

Dubai: LG is trying to differentiate itself from the competition with its
modular smartphone hardware as no other current manufacturer has anything
similar.

The LG G5, which was launched in Dubai on Wednesday, comes with clip-in modules
and accessories that LG calls it "Friends" which enables the LG G5 to transform
into a digital camera with its Cam Plus, a Hi-Plus module adds a Bang & Olufsen
32-bit audio DAC (digital-to-analogue converter) with an amplifier to the G5 for
hi-res audio, a 360 degree camera with its 360 Cam, a virtual reality headset
with its 360 VR.

Encased in a metal aluminium body design, the 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum
Display (2560 x 1440 resolution) is powered by Qualcomm 820 processor and is
coupled with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage capacity. The microSD card supports up to
2TB of storage expansion.

There are two cameras at the rear (16MP standard camera and 8MP wide camera with
wide angle lens) while the front is 8MP.

Evolving consumer demands

The phone is priced at Dh2,499, and available for purchase in the region from
the third week of April.

Yong Geun Choi, President of LG Electronics Gulf, said that smartphone consumers
in the UAE are saturated in terms of the experiences they get from devices. The
G5 provides the unique opportunity to satiate the evolving consumer demands for
flexibility, adaptability and fresher experiences.

While creating a revolution within the smartphone industry, he said that the LG
G5 enables users to add such features and is opening a new platform open to
everyone who'd like to join a new ecosystem -- the LG Playground.

The LG Playground is a system where various modules and devices are produced
through collaboration giving users unique fun experiences.

"We are giving a whole new experience of how to enhance the smartphone
experience. We are planning to bundle the whole hardware accessories with the
device. As a promotion, we are planning to bundle the smartphone with the Cam
Plus," Sang Rhee, general manager for mobile Division at LG Electronics Gulf,
told Gulf News.

Huge potential

Daniel Gleeson, senior analyst at IHS Technology, said that the modular smart
accessories offer LG ways to generate profits adjacent to the commoditising
smartphone market and offers huge potential.

But to maximise this opportunity, LG is smart to embrace "third-party support"
for its modular hardware with LG Playground.

LG should mimic Apple's hardware licensing programme -- Apple's "Made for
iPhone" approach -- to generate additional revenues, and also benefit from those
third parties own marketing spend.

He said that LG is no longer a smartphone leader, it's now a mere challenge for
other smartphone makers, adding that LG is under pressure from many the rising
Chinese players, most notably Huawei.

Long term

In 2015, LG's share of global smartphone shipments was just 4 per cent, and to
grow this significantly LG needs visibly different smartphone products. With
this range, LG will definitively differentiate from the competition in the long
term.

Many of the smartphones from 2014, 2013, or even 2012 are still in active usage
and their owners believe they are "good enough".

Gleeson said that LG must convince those users, now is the time to upgrade.
Smartphone makers must understand in detail the characteristics of the active
installed base of smartphones in order to speed the handset replacement cycle
and sell more smartphones now.

LG said that it shipped 59.7 million units in 2015, a slight increase from the
59.1 million shipped in 2014.

