
DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Nov. 26 -- Abans Group, the Authorized Reseller / Service Provider
for Apple in Sri-lanka left no stone unturned on 19th November at the launch for
the much awaited iphone 6s and 6s plus. The Colombo Abans Apple istores
witnessed a night packed with umpteen excitement, glitz and glamour,
establishing a strong footing for being the first of this caliber in the nation.

Abans Authorized Apple Reseller and Service Provider marked its presence in
Sri-lanka in 2007 with ipod's later branching into a wider product range
comprising of the Macbook Air, Macbook Pro, Macbook Pro Retina Display, imac,
ipad Air 2, ipad Mini 3, Macbook Gold, Macbook Space Grey, iphone 5s, iphone 6
and now the iphone 6s and 6s Plus. We will also bring the new apple products in
the coming months. ipad pro will be launched shortly.

A pre-order campaign was initiated on the 13th of November by Abans Group
leading up to the night of the event wherein customers who pre-ordered their
latest iphones before the 19th of November could collect them on the night of
the launch. American Express joined hands with Abans to offer customers 2
installments waived off on all pre-orders till the 19th of November. In the
hours leading up to the launch the excitement grew simultaneously with the
number of consumers queuing up to collect their phones. When the doors opened to
the public at midnight the first consumer was greeted overwhelmingly to make it
an experience of a lifetime.

Adding to the excitement of the night consumers were given a free back cover,
screen protector, assistance to transfer existing data onto their new phones,
free training and demonstration of the iphone 6s and 6s Plus.

Since its grand unveiling at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium the iphone 6s and
6s Plus has flourished with rave reviews often being referred to as a game
changer in the iphone series. The star feature of this phone is the "3D Touch"
technology, which enables you to activate menus or options by pressing down
harder onto the screen without having to specifically open the app. Both the
iphone 6s and 6s Plus contain an A9 processor with a 12-megapixel-rear camera
which is an upgrade to its predecessor of 8 megapixels. Along with improved
camera quality consumers are also able to shoot 4K videos and "Live Photos"
where pictures captured are generated into short video clips.

The front camera features 5 megapixels with an added option of flash photography
for users passionate about selfies. In addition to this the phones are built
with a 7000 Series less bendable aluminium for a hassle free usage. The new Rose
Gold colour will join the existing Gold, Silver and Space Grey to give consumers
more colour choices to suit their preferences.

Careful planning and meticulous training was provided to the 15 Apple certified
product professionals to efficiently serve clients. Going a step further Abans
also includes drop damage warranty coverage, a service exclusive to Abans in
Sri-lanka. Join Abans in this revolutionary walk into the new era of modern
technology.

Visit Abans Apple istores today to experience the new iphone 6s & iphone 6s Plus
and get a free demonstration & free training from our Apple product
professionals.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

