

Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California
tomorrow - but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch later this month is what many people
are now calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold
alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 6pm here in the UK.

Read More: When is the Apple iPhone SE launch event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

