

Apple announced on Monday that iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available on
Friday, September 25 in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US. Apple also
announced the fastest iOS adoption ever, with more than 50 percent of devices
already using iOS 9.2

"Customer response to the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been incredibly
positive, we can't wait to get our most advanced iPhones ever into customers'
hands starting this Friday," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president
of Worldwide Marketing. "iOS 9 is also off to an amazing start, on pace to be
downloaded by more users than any other software release in Apple's history."

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhone's
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you
press the display, letting you do essential things more quickly and simply. The
new iPhones introduce Live Photos, which bring still images to life,
transforming instants frozen in time into unforgettable living memories.

Live Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD
camera with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the
most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great
battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with the strongest glass
on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminium, the same alloy used in the
aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iOS 9, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, brings more
intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved
Siri features, all while protecting users' privacy. Built-in apps become more
powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and
an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.3
The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less
space to install and advanced security features to further protect your devices.

