

Apple on Monday announced that it will launch its latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
in India on October 16, shortening the time to market to three weeks of its US
launch as compared to a month and more in previous years.

The company has informed its trade partners and top retailers in India that the
company will undertake a big midnight launch of the new iPhones on October 16,
with an aim to grow sales by 50-60% over what it had sold in India during last
year's launch phase.

Apple has also asked the large retail chains, Apple Premium Resellers and big
local stores to take prebooking orders from the first week of October by when it
is going to formalise and announce the price, three senior officials said.

"Apple is progressively reducing the time to market its new iPhones in India
reflecting the importance of the market and to take on rival Samsung which too
had preponed the launch of its latest flagships, Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6
edge+, this year by almost a month," a senior official with a trade partner
said.

Last year, Apple had launched its latest flagship smartphones

after a month of its US launch. This year, Apple started selling the new iPhone
6s and 6s Plus models in the US from September 25. The company on Monday also
announced a new record after having sold more than 13 million handsets in just
three days after launch. ET had earlier reported the new iPhones will hit India
around October 15.

While Apple is yet to announce the price of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India, as
per trade estimates the 16GB iPhone 6s will be priced at around . 55,000-56,000
while the iPhone 6s ' Plus 16 GB model will be sold at around ' . 65,000-66,000.
The prices will be much higher for the 64 GB and 128 GB models. Lot Mobiles,
which operates 225 stores across Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, is planning to
sell 50% more on the midnight launch of the new iPhones this year.

