

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing

Apple, on Thursday announced the most advanced iPhones ever, iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus, adding a powerful new dimension to iPhone's revolutionary
Multi-Touch interface. The new iPhones introduce 3D Touch, which senses force to
enable intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content. iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass
on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminium, the same alloy used in the
aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to
photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new
iPhones are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever
in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life. These are the most advanced
iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminium, ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit
A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and 5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch
ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers are going to love them," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus introduce new ways to navigate and experience
iPhone by sensing pressure to enable new gestures - Peek and Pop - so you can
dip in and out of content without losing your place. Press lightly to Peek at a
photo, email, web page or other content, and press a little deeper to Pop into
the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch provides shortcuts to the
things you do most, so you can send a message or take a selfie with just a
simple press from the Home screen.

The world's most popular camera is even better in the new iPhones with new ways
to capture and relive unforgettable moments. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
introduce Live Photos, which go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion.
Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a press, reveal
the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so you can enjoy a
living memory rather than an instant frozen in time.

High-definition video improves with support for 4K - with a resolution of 3840 x
2160, delivering over 8 million pixels - and the expansion of optical image
stabilisation to video on iPhone 6s Plus, for taking beautiful videos in lower
light. After capturing 4K video, you can edit on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the
latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can even edit two simultaneous streams.


Additional camera advancements include:

* A new state-of-the-art 12-megapixel sensor with advanced pixel technology and
Apple-designed image signal processor, for truer colours and sharper, more
detailed photos; and

* A new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash, which momentarily makes
the display three times brighter with True Tone lighting, for wonderfully bright
selfies in low light.

A9, Apple's third-generation 64-bit chip powers these innovations with 70
percent faster CPU and 90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8, all with
gains in energy efficiency for great battery life. The A9 chip and iOS 9 are
architected together for optimal performance where it matters most, in real
world usage. M9, Apple's next-generation motion coprocessor, is embedded into
A9, allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including "Hey
Siri," without iPhone needing to be plugged in.

With advanced wireless technologies including faster Wi-Fi and LTE Advanced,
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus users can browse, download and stream content even
faster. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands - the most in any
smartphone - for better worldwide roaming.

iOS 9, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, brings more
intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved
Siri features, all while protecting users' privacy. Built-in apps become more
powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and
an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.
The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less
space to install and advanced security features to further protect your devices.

Pricing & Availability:

* iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space grey and
the new rose gold metallic finishes. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus will be
available in 16GB, 64GB, and 128GB models. The new iPhones will be available
with a range of financing plans and payment options from Apple.com, through
select carriers and Apple Authorised Resellers.

* Both models will be available in the UK, Australia, Canada, China, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the US
beginning Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginningSaturday, September 12.

