

It seems that the China experiment has worked wonderfully for Apple. As per
reports coming in, Apple has managed to sell 13 million iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus units during the launch weekend, a figure which exceeds market
expectations, and Apple's own record.

The new models of iPhone were launched on September 25th.

Within next three days, Apple records a sale of 13 million for these units;
whereas market was expecting a figure of 10-11 million. Last year, first weekend
sale of iPhone 6 and 6s was 10 million units.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said
(http://www.apple.com/pr/library/2015/09/28Apple-Announces-Record-
iPhone-6s-iPhone-6s-Plus-Sales.html) in a statement, "Sales for iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first-weekend
sales results in Apple's history,"

As per tech observers, China has a very important role to play in this
record-smashing sale, as the new iPhone models were available for Chinese
customers on the launch date. This added to the momentum, and triggered a
sales-frenzy which is normally associated with Apple products.

By October 9th, these new models would be available in other European countries
such as Belgium, Greece, Mexico, Russia and Taiwan; by October 10th, Middle East
would be covered as the new models would be available across Bahrain, Jordan,
Qatar, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.

India will have to wait till October 16th, when the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus would be available in Indian sub-continent, besides Malaysia and Turkey.

Every iPhone 6s Plus Makes $513 for Apple!

Meanwhile, research firm IHS has said that every sale of iPhone 6s Plus is
making a profit of $513
(http://www.moneycontrol.com/news/world-news/apple-rakes36513every-iphone-6s
-plus-sale_3360281.html) for Apple. Even if we assume that out of 13 million,
50% were iPhone 6s Plus, then it makes a weekend collection of $3.3 billion for
Apple!

As per IHS, Apple spends $236 on manufacturing, distributing and selling each
iPhone 6s Plus device; and its sold for $749, which is a whopping 217.4% margin
on every device.

Providing a further breakdown, IHS informed that bills for material for a 16 GB
iPhone 6s Plus comes at $231.50, which increases to $236 after adding
manufacturing cost.

Although the new 6s Plus costs only $16 more than iPhone 6 Plus model, but the
low costs of component have exponentially increased the margins.

The Most Expensive Component of iPhone 6s Plus

As per research by IHS, the screen of an 6s Plus model costs $52.50, which makes
it the most expensive component of this mobile phone. This new screen has the
3-D touch feature, which can carry out different tasks, based on the amount of
pressure applied.

The front facing and main camera, together costs $22.50 for each device (for 6s
Plus, the main camera is 12 MP, increased from 8 MP last last)

Another interesting finding: For Apple, a 64 GB variant costs only $17 more than
16 GB variant to manufacture and sell; but while selling it, they charge $100
more. Another huge money spinner for Apple!

