
DATELINE: Sydney


Sydney, Sept. 25 -- The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with
dozens of people - and a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales
cycle that will be scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee
product has left.


 Analysts expect 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves in the
first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely successful
iPhone 6's launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest smartphone market.
 Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.
 "I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two
days lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and
use it to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled
robot.
 "I love new gadgets. The new camera is meant to be amazing."
 Fans from San Francisco to London to Sydney have camped out for days prior to
the release, and Apple said earlier this month that pre-orders suggested sales
were on pace to beat last year's first-weekend performance.
 Apple's flagship iPhones generated nearly two-thirds of the U.S. giant's
revenue in the latest quarter. First released in 2007, the iPhone is Apple's
best-selling device to date.
 "The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the Herculean
iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.
 After a dramatic redesign last year in which Apple enlarged the iPhone's screen
and added mobile payments, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus boast more modest
improvements.
 The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature improved
cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that responds according to how hard
users press their screens.
 "Today is like Christmas for pocket film makers all around the world because
the iPhone 6S Plus is like the newest, greatest toy we have to play with," said
Jason van Genderen, who makes movies on smart phones in Sydney.
 "I've never seen anything like it, it's astounding. The camera craft has now
come up to story telling craft."
 Apple executives have said just a fraction of their customers have upgraded to
the iPhone 6, suggesting they have plenty of room to grow this year.
 Lackluster offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd also will help Apple stand out in the marketplace, analyst
Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy wrote in an email.
 "Over the long haul, the 6s will eclipse the 6 as Apple is even more
competitive versus Samsung in emerging regions and is gaining share in
traditional regions," Moorhead wrote in an email.
 "Samsung didn't bring a whole lot of compelling features to consumers with
their new lines of phones."
 The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which start at $199 and $299 with a two-year
contract with a mobile service provider, go on sale on Friday in Australia,
Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico,
Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States.

