

Customers seem to be shying away from pre-bookings, with numbers falling shorter
than the expectation.

Apple's latest smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, finally made their
way to India last night, hitting stores across the country at midnight. This is
by far the quickest rollout of an iPhone to Indian consumers, post their US
launch less than a month ago.

The iPhone 6s is available for Rs 62,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 72,000 for the
64GB, and Rs 82,000 for the 128GB. The iPhone 6s Plus, meanwhile priced at Rs
72,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 82,000 for the 64GB, and Rs 92,000 for the 64GB.
Both iPhones are available in Silver, Space Gray, Gold, and a new Rose Gold
colour variant. The phones are available at authorised Apple resellers and at
chain stores like Croma and Reliance Digital, as well as on e-commerce websites
Flipkart, Amazon India, and Snapdeal.

But despite the people queuing up outside stores before midnight, pre-booking
slips in hand, response on the ground seemed lukewarm in comparison to last
year's queue-around-the-block crowd. We found three stores in the Lower Parel
region of Mumbai which, despite being located inside a mall and within 200
metres of each other, only had a combined total of about 70 customers waiting
for the midnight launch. It's likely that customers are daunted by how expensive
the new iPhones are; at least Rs 8,000 more than the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were
priced at launch.

Then, there's also the fact that a lot of customers wait for new iPhone launches
so they can buy the older models at slashed rates. Prices for last-gen iPhones
have already been lowered, with the iPhone 6 available at Rs 36,999 for 16GB, Rs
45,999 for the 64GB, and Rs 62,499 for 128GB. The iPhone 6 Plus is now available
at Rs 48,999 for the 16GB, Rs 71,500 for the 64GB version, and Rs 74,678 for the
128GB.

A third possibility, is that, since potential customers have already waited a
while to get their hands on the new iPhones, they're probably willing to wait
until the Diwali  season kicks in and e-commerce portals like Flipkart and
Amazon India start holding sales. Even if prices don't drop, customers will at
the very least have some feedback on the 6s and 6s Plus by then, and will know
which version they want.

But this "wait and watch" game is definitely hurting retailers on the ground,
with pre-bookings falling far short of the expected volume. Only time will tell
if the wave is just late this time, or non-existent.

