

Dubai

The new iPhones will be officially available in the UAE and other Gulf countries
from October 10.

In the UAE, the new iPhones will be available through du and etisalat and in
Saudi Arabia through STC, Zain, and Mobily and in Kuwait through Ooredoo,Viva
and Zain and in Qatar through Vodafone and Ooredoo and in Bahrain through
Batelco,Viva and Zain and select Apple Authorised Resellers.

It will also be rolled out worldwide to more than 40 additional countries and
territories from October 9.

It will be available in India, Malaysia and Turkey on Friday, October 16, and in
over 130 countries by the end of the year.

The US company has said that it has sold more than 13 million devices, a new
record, just three days after launch date (Friday).

"Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Tim Cook, Apple's CEO,
said in a statement.

It will be available in gold, silver, space grey and the new rose gold metallic
finishes.

The iPhone 6s will be available in the UAE for Dh2,599 (16GB model), Dh2,999
(64GB) and Dh3,399 (128GB). iPhone 6s Plus will be available for Dh2,999 (16GB),
Dh3,399 (64GB) and Dh3,799 (128GB).

The new iPhones were available in the grey market in the UAE from Saturday
itself, the day after the global launch.

The online retailers have seen a brisk business for the devices, especially the
iPhone 6S.

"The phones to be available officially will note have Face Time, as it is banned
in the UAE. Many people are buying from the grey market only for the Face Time
feature," Sheriff Rizwan, CEO and founder of AlShop.com, told Gulf News.

He said that AlShop is the only retailer to deliver on the same day compared to
other retailers of two to 10 days.

"We have got pre-bookings for 2,000 devices but have delivered 350 units as of
now in the UAE. The demand is more for 6S and we are updating the prices every
day," he said.

Omar Kassim, founder and CEO of JadoPado, said that the demand is for iPhone 6S.

"The price gaps have come down a lot from Dh3,660 for iPhone 6S (16GB) on
Saturday to Dh2,880 on Monday. There is still room for the prices to go down by
another Dh250 by next week. The demand is not that high as consumers are waiting
for the official launch," he said.

