

The smartphone is expected to feature a 12 MP rear camera sensor, better
resolution and will be powered by Apple's A9 SoC

By tbreak Staff -

[Update]:Â The updated rumored release date of Apple iPhone 6s is going to be
September 8, according to individuals who are very close to the source of
information. Pre-orders of iPhone 6s will commence on September 8, and the
smartphone units will begin to ship on September 25th.

Several rumors have sprouted concerning the hardware specifications of both
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, including a 1440p display being rendered on the
latter, but perhaps the biggest one surrounding one of the most anticipated
smartphone duo of 2015 happens to be their release date. According to a source,
the release date of iPhone 6s happens to be September 25, and consumers can rest
assured that the device's older screen size brother will be unveiled alongside
it too, assuming the release date happens to be true.

Apple's WWDC 2015 event is going to kick off on June 8, which is going to
showcase the upcoming mobile operating system update that is going to run inside
both smartphones; iOS 9. While the following has not been confirmed, it is
possible that additional insights are provided during the event on whether or
not the release date of iPhone 6s happens to be true or not.

Previous details of iOS 9 suggest that Apple's diligent software developers are
going to tweak the update in order to provide performance improvements and bugs
fixes that were still prevailing on iOS 8. Instead of stuffing additional
features which more than half the iPhone consumer populace is not going to end
up using, it is prudent thinking on Apple's part to bring in some long-awaited
improvements to its fluid operating system.

Other details that the smartphone universe might bear witness to on September 25
will be that that the iPhone 6s duo will be the first ever pair of Apple's
offerings to sport a 12 MP rear camera sensor. Additionally, 2 GB of RAM is
expected to be present underneath the hood of these devices, along with the
'ever powerful' Apple A9 SoC, which is being fabricated on Samsung's 14nm FinFET
process.

While consumers will eagerly be waiting for a September 25 release date, it
cannot be confirmed as yet because the news has to be treated as it is; a rumor.
Perhaps more facts will be brought to light during the WWDC event. For now, it
is pointless to get your hopes elevated without a confirmation from the company
itself.

