

By tbreak Staff -

After iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple is working on a less powerful iPhone
6c, but according to the latest hardware leak, the upcoming smartphone is
definitely not something to be trifled with in terms of performance as you will
see once you read the hardware specifications of the device. Jumping right into
the hardware specifications, iPhone 6c, which for some reason is also being
referred to iPhone 7c for an odd reason is going to feature a 4 inch screen,
retaining the same form factor as iPhone 5s, but with a definite performance
boost.

According to sources who stay close to Foxconn, iPhone 6c is also going to
feature 2GB of RAM, and after looking at iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, we have
to conclude that the RAM is going to be running at a LPDDR4 speeds, which would
explain its high price tag, which you will find out shortly. The smartphone is
also going to be incorporated with a 1,642mAh battery and an A9 chipset, which
is no slouch when it comes to performance and efficiency. The handset is also
expected to be get Touch ID support, but nowhere has it been stated that the
device is going to feature pressure sensor tech like its larger screen cousins.

The 4 inch screen is expected to have a resolution measuring at 1136 x 640
pixels as well as an 8MP camera that might only be limited to capturing 1080p
footage. iPhone 6c is expected to come in three colors, which are as follows:

For those who are waiting for a 4 inch device running iOS to be available in the
Rose Gold version, we have to be the bearer of bad news and tell you that right
now, it is not on the cards. Coming to one of the most important details of the
smartphone; the price tag. iPhone 6c is expected to have a price of
approximately $617, and we suspect that it is going to be for the base model,
which is possibly 16GB of on-board storage. Just like iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus, the upcoming handset could also be available in the 64 and 128GB
capacities but we will have to wait on further leaks in order to confirm this.

In terms of performance, it looks like Apple's upcoming handset will definitely
be able to deliver where most users would have thought to believe that the
smartphone would be a slower version of its larger screen variants.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/37/145147541670.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/2/145147541688.jpg



