

NEW DELHI: It looks like the successor to the Apple iPhone 6, which is expected
to be unveiled this fall (September-October), may not be very different from the
current version of the phone.

Pictures allegedly featuring the iPhone 6S' front panel have appeared on French
website Nowhereelse.fr, which has a good record when it comes to Apple related
leaks and rumours. The pictures feature close-ups of the phone's front panel and
the panels on assembly line.

The website mentions that the images depict the front panel of the Gold and
Silver variants of the iPhone 6S which is currently in production. The website
credits a person close to the development as the source of the information. It's
not clear if the panel features a sapphire crystal display or Force Touch, first
seen in Apple Watch.

It's not the first time we've seen leaked images of the iPhone 6S. Earlier this
month, 9to5Mac had featured images of the phone's rear shell. It was reported
that though the design of iPhone 6S does not have any tweaks, it's expected to
come with a different internal mounting structure for the new logic board and
components. The leaked images cleared the rumours that said iPhone 6S will be
equipped with a dual-lens rear camera system, since the cut-outs for camera,
microphone and LED flash on the rear casing were the same as the ones on the
iPhone 6. Like its predecessor, iPhone 6S will sport the same design at the
bottom for the headphone jack, speaker holes, microphone and Lightening port.

It's worth pointing out that the 'S' variants of iPhones are usually incremental
upgrades with no major design changes. The phone is expected to sport an
improved 12MP camera, Apple's A9 processor, 2GB RAM, 32GB storage variant and
Force Touch.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

