

Retailers have started taking bookings for Apple's latest iPhones and those
waiting to get their hands on them should be prepared to shell out ' . 62,000
for the lowest storage variant, 16 GB, of the iPhone 6s and as much as . 92,000
for the 128 GB variant of ' the iPhone 6s Plus.

According to three trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices
and given the goahead to begin taking advance orders. Industry officials told ET
the iPhone 6s 64 GB would cost about '. 72,000 and the 128 GB version would be
about ' . 82,000. The iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB would be priced at ' . 72,000 and its
larger storage model of 64 GB would be priced at '. 82,000.

Apple is yet to declare official prices in India, the company said in response
to an emailed query.

Pre-bookings have started at major retail chains across the country. The
MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail chain, said it will begin
taking orders from Friday. The Mumbai-based chain with over 800 outlets will
take pre-orders for ' . 2,000 each up

to October 13. The devices will become available on the night of October 15.

"The iPhone 6s 64 GB variant is the most popular one as of now," said Satish
Babu, founder of Chennai-based UniverCell Mobiles, one of the largest retail
chains in south India, which has started taking pre-orders across its 300
stores. "Since yesterday we

have got at least 100 or ders," he added. Bengaluru-based Sangeetha Mo biles' MD
Subhash Chandra said the company had started taking pre orders for ' . 1,000
apiece t and expects most existing iPhone users to upgrade to the new models
within the first month.

The retail chains will offer EMI payment options, up grade programmes and fil
nance schemes. "We will al so offer freebies like back case and accessories
during the booking period," Satish Babu added. Sources add Apple is set to get
on a , marketing blitzkrieg and retailers are expecting much higher sales than
last l year as Apple plans to make adequate stocks available.

