

NEW DELHI: Retailers have started taking bookings for Apple's latest iPhones and
those waiting to get their hands on them should be prepared to shell out a
minimum of Rs 62,000 for the lowest storage variant, 16GB, of the iPhone 6S,
going up to Rs 92,000 for the 128GB variant of the iPhone 6S Plus.

According to three trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices
and given the go-ahead to begin taking advance orders. Industry officials told
ET the iPhone 6S 64GB would cost about Rs 72,000 and the 128GB version would be
about Rs 82,000.

The iPhone 6S Plus 16GB would be priced at Rs 72,000 and its larger storage
model of 64GB would be priced at Rs 82,000.

Apple is yet to declare official prices in India, the company said in response
to an emailed query.

Pre-bookings have started at major retail chains across the country. The
MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail chain, said it will begin
taking orders from Friday. The Mumbai-based chain with over 800 outlets will
take pre-orders for Rs 2,000 each up to October 13. The devices will become
available on the night of October 15.

"The iPhone 6S 64GB variant is the most popular one as of now," said Satish
Babu, founder of Chennai-based UniverCell Mobiles, one of the largest retail
chains in south India, which has started taking pre-orders across its 300
stores. "Since yesterday we have got at least 100 orders," he added.

Bengaluru-based Sangeetha Mobiles' managing director Subhash Chandra said the
company had started taking pre-orders for Rs 1,000 apiece and expects most
existing iPhone users to upgrade to the new models within the first month.

The retail chains will offer monthly installment payment options, upgrade
programmes and finance schemes. "We will also offer freebies like back case and
accessories during the booking period," Satish Babu added.

Sources add Apple is set to get on a marketing blitzkrieg and retailers are
expecting much higher sales than last year as the Cupertino-based smartphone
maker plans to make adequate stocks available.

"We had asked for 10,000 units for the first week -- that's the kind of response
we're seeing now and expecting it to build after the launch happens. But we may
not get that much," one of the large format retailers told ET, requesting
anonymity.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

