

KOLKATA: In a first, Apple has decided to offer discount on its latest iPhones
in less than a month of its launch, with the Cupertino-based company initiating
a buyback offer on iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, giving consumers discount of up to Rs
34,000 to boost sales.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to
buyback old models under the scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine
and reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, three senior
trade partners of Apple in India said.

READ ALSO:

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus were launched last month in India at Rs 62,000-Rs
92,000 depending on memory and model, but sales were down 15-20% over last year
as iPhone 6 and 6 Plus which hit the market last year were cheaper by Rs
8,500-9,000.

Ingram Micro, one of the Apple's four iPhone distributors, has just rolled out
the buyback scheme in a handful of Apple stores and multi-brand cellphone retail
chains in South India which will be subsequently taken national. The other three
distributors will also follow suit since the US company wants to achieve its
target of trebling sales during the October-December quarter over last year.

READ ALSO:

"This is the first time a company and its distributors are closely monitoring
the buyback at the retail end to track sales, showing how desperate Apple is to
increase sales in India since it did not expect such a weak launch for the new
iPhones," a senior executive with one of the leading trade partners said.

"Earlier companies offering buyback used to give indirect subsidy to retailers
to compensate and it was the retailer's headache to sell the old phone, but this
time the entire process is driven by Apple," he said.

The buyback price of Rs 34,000 on the new iPhones is against iPhone 6. The
company has informed trade that it will also buyback select hi-end handsets of
rival Samsung. Apple has also created a separate website where retailers have to
upload details of old handsets against which new models will be bought.

The buyback offer comes at a time when the latest iPhones are getting sold at
7-11% discount since last week in e-commerce marketplaces such as Flipkart,
Snapdeal and Amazon.

Snapdeal's vice president (category management) Rahul Taneja said various
promotional offers has led to a great traction for the new iPhones. "We are
getting orders for iPhone 6S not only from metros, but also from Tier-II
cities," he said.

Last month, during an analyst conference call, the Apple management had
acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in India and some
other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on their
sales.

READ ALSO:

However, the company's chief executive officer Tim Cook was positive about
India's potential in the long run. The India price is Rs 14,000-16,000 more than
in markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. The poor sales
in India are in stark contrast to the global picture where the new phones are
disappearing very fast from the shelves.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

