

Redington, the official distribution company of Apple mobile phones in Nigeria,
in collaboration with Apple, a global Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), has
launched the latest release of Apple iPhones, the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus in Nigeria.

The launch, which was part of a series of launches for the Apple mobile phone
products across various regions of the world, was held last week in Micro
Station's sales outlet at the Computer Village market in Lagos, and it attracted
several people that visited the Computer Village market on that day.

Speaking on the essence of the launch in Nigeria, Marketing Manager, Telco
Africa, Redington Nigeria Limited, Mr. Sunil Pangtey, said: "The purpose of the
launch is to communicate to consumers that iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are now
officially available in Nigeria with warranty. This communication will create
awareness among consumers to buy authentic iPhones in their home country
Nigeria."

According to him, Redington Nigeria would partner with all its key partners like
SLOT, Park n Shop, Pointek, Finet, Dallas communications, DSCL, Kolia Angel,
Micro Station, among others, to increase the availability of iPhones across
Nigeria. We will continue to work towards ensuring that iPhones are available at
every retail store in the country. S peaking on the features of the phone,
Pangtey said "the phones are unique, friendly and attractive to behold and they
are very powerful from inside in terms of specification and rich features."

The phones come with 3D touch, which is the next generation multi touch phones,
and the first time ever done on a smart phone. It will enhance the use of
various apps in a totally different manner. It has A9 Processor, which is the
most advanced chipset ever, and comes in 7000 Series Aluminum alloy body,
Advanced Touch ID for better security and faster Long Term Evolution (LTE) and
Wi-Fi technologies. All these features make the mobile phones the most
irresistible smartphones and the best iPhone ever made, Pangtey said.

He explained that the phones come with a one year warranty, subjected to
clauses, and that the company would soon conduct the Apple certified training
and workshops, which are approved by Apple and would be as per company
guidelines.

