

THE iPhone SE isn't going to win any awards for design innovation.

With the handset getting its looks from the ageing iPhone 5s it's unlikely to
excite fans desperate for the next big thing.

But this is still a great smartphone and, as with all of Apple's products, it's
solid, beautifully built and made to last.

With its smaller form factor, the SE is also much easier to handle than some of
Apple's bigger devices and you'll have no problems surfing the web one-handed.

However, if you've ventured away from four-inch phones, you're going to find the
SE takes some getting used to.

Everything feels a bit small and cramped on this pocket-sized smartphone and, if
you want the ultimate mobile experience, you'll find the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
much more enjoyable to use.

But if a small phone is what you fancy, you won't find a much better device than
this.

Apple's pixel-packed Retina display is a thing of beauty with content looking
bright and crisp.

Photography fans are also in for a treat as Apple has squeezed its new
12-megapixel iSight snapper into this device and the results are superb.

Pictures are sharp, vibrant and incredibly detailed.

The SE not only takes great still photos but can snap Live Photos which come to
life when you touch the display, while the iSight camera also has the ability to
shoot video in Ultra HD 4K.

For your selfies there's a 1.2-megapixel FaceTime HD camera which even includes
Apple's Retina display flash.

This front-facing lens does the job but is not quite in the same league as the
5-megapixel camera that features on the 6s and 6s Plus.

Fans will be pleased to know that Apple has squeezed its new A9 processor inside
the SE and, boy, this thing is fast.

The SE breezes through daily tasks with a speed that's three times faster than
the 5s.

Even memory-hungry gaming is stutter-free and between Garage-Band and 4K editing
on iMovie we've really struggled to find anything the SE can't cope with.

For a small phone battery life is also impressive.

With a full charge you'll easily get a day's use out the SE. iPhone SE users
also get a fingerprint scanner, fast Wi-Fi and the ability to go to the tills
with Apple Pay.

All of these features are great but perhaps the best thing about the SE is its
price.

This is Apple's cheapest ever iPhone at launch, landing in your hand for under
£370.

Contract prices also start at a very reasonable £26.50 per month.

IF you want to know what's coming t0o your iPhone in 2016 pop this date in your
diary.

Apple has just announced that its yearly WWDC developers conference will take
place on June 13.

This event is when the US firm announces big software updates for all of its
products including Mac, iPhone, Apple Watch and iPad.

THERE'S no question the iPhone SE is a great little phone.

VERDICT the SE but have missed the bigger display found on Apple's flagship
range, which we feel still offers a much richer experience.

It looks good, has a stunning Retina display and exceptional rear camera.

you're not going to find anything better than the SE but if you're looking for
the ultimate iPhone experience, you might be better with a 6s or 6s Plus.

Powered by Apple's latest A9 processor, it's also blisteringly fast and is,
frankly, an absolute joy to use.

However, the SE now makes owning an iPhone much more affordable and that's why
millions of Apple fans are going to love it.

If you want a small iPhone We've enjoyed our time with THERE'S no question the
iPhone SE is a great little phone.

It looks good, has a stunning Retina display and exceptional rear camera.

Powered by Apple's latest A9 processor, it's also blisteringly fast and is,
frankly, an absolute joy to use.

If you want a small iPhone you're not going to find anything better than the SE
but if you're looking for the ultimate iPhone experience, you might be better
with a 6s or 6s Plus.

We've enjoyed our time with the SE but have missed the bigger display found on
Apple's flagship range, which we feel still offers a much richer experience.

However, the SE now makes owning an iPhone much more affordable and that's why
millions of Apple fans are going to love it.

