

Despite being announced last year, the iPhone 6s is still faster than the Galaxy
Note 7, which is regarded as the best Android phone to get right now

Perhaps the greatest Android smartphone of 2016 is undoubtedly Samsung's Galaxy
Note 7. Its combination of hardware and unique software features make it one of
the best phones to purchase right now, even though a large portion of your
savings are going to be removed after you end up purchasing it. However, if an
iPhone 6s was tested against a Galaxy Note 7, then you'd quickly change your
opinion on which phone is the fastest one out of them.

In a video test carried out courtesy of YouTube, the Galaxy Note 7 and iPhone 6s
both get taken for a nice little speed spin involving the number of applications
both smartphones can open in succession. Naturally, with the iPhone 6s' upgraded
processor and RAM count, not to mention the improved OS, the 4.7-inch smartphone
opens up apps much faster than a Galaxy Note 7. However, we did forget to
mention that the iPhone 6s features a much smaller resolution, as opposed to the
Galaxy Note 7's QHD display, which will definitely create a performance gap
between the two phones.

However, for a phone that is running 4GB of RAM and a powerful chipset such as
the Snapdragon 820, we were honestly expecting Samsung to gain the victory here.
If you're still discouraged to look at the Galaxy Note 7 as your next purchase,
then you'll definitely want to check out our Galaxy Note 7 review, and while
there aren't much differences between this smartphone and Galaxy S7 edge, the
improvements compared to those present in Galaxy Note 5 are quite extreme.

We are most impressed with the improvements that Samsung has introduced in its
UI, but there's going to be a long way to go before Android can count itself
being in the same league as Apple's iOS.

Read more:

Hands on with Samsung Galaxy Note 7
Galaxy Note 7 vs. Galaxy Note 5

Source

