

FOR Apple, it seemed a low-key product launch.

But there was good news for those watching their wallets - a budget iPhone and
Apple Watch price cut. Plus there was a new iPad.

Here DANIEL JONES, at Apple HQ in Cupertino, California, reviews the new iPhone
SE.

THE iPhone SE is the same size and design as the iPhone 5 from 2012 but has most
of the features of the 6s out last September.

SO WHAT IS IT? The iPhone 7 is due to come in September, so forget any
cuttingedge new features.

Instead, the SE - from £359, which is £180 cheaper than the starting price for
the top-range 6s - is aimed at the budgetconscious and those who want to avoid
giant screens.

IS THE SCREEN A BIT SMALL? Measuring 4in diagonally, the screen is the same size
and detail as the iPhone 5 and 5s.

I now prefer the bigger display of the 6 but others will be pleased to get an
up-to-date device without a huge display.

HOW IS IT DIFFERENT TO THE 5 AND 5S? Aside from the design and screen size, it
is completely different. In fact, it shares almost all the features of the 6s.
The 12MP camera lets you take Live Photos, it has the same faster processor as
the 6s so apps load fast and games are quick. It can also make mobile payments
using Apple Pay.

JUST A 6S IN A 5S CASE? Pretty much, which is good considering it is so much
cheaper. Of course, the screen is not as big or detailed and there is no 3D
Touch, which lets you access different features depending on how hard you press
the screen.

The SE having the same design as the 5s means anyone switching from that can use
the same accessories such as cases.

WILL THE BATTERY LET IT DOWN? No. It easily lasted a day, which makes sense as
Apple says the battery on the SE lasts around a quarter longer than the 5s
despite the device being more powerful. iPhones were the butt of jokes for their
terrible battery life but these days they compare well with most rivals.

COLOURS, STORAGE OPTIONS AND PRICES The SE comes in four colours, rose gold,
gold, silver and black. There are two storage options, too, 16GB for £359 and
64GB for £439.

Carphone Warehouse, which has deals from all networks, has the SE from £26 a
month, with no upfront cost, with Vodafone. However, that is with only 500MB of
internet data.

Also at Carphone Warehouse, but with 2GB of data, is EE's £29.99 a month deal.
EE is the UK's fastest 4G network.

That compares to the 6s, which costs from £539 for the 16GB right up to £789 for
the bigger 6s Plus with 128GB of storage.

The SE is out on Thursday but can be pre-ordered now.

OVERALL It is the cheapest ever iPhone. That does not mean Apple is giving them
away, since iPhones have always been among the priciest.

But if you like the smaller screen (or are happy to put up with it for the
cheaper price) then it is a bargain with many of the latest features for a much
lower price.

