

Today: Google found out Monday a Russian court ruled that it violated Russia's
antitrust laws by requiring that manufacturers pre-install its search and
services on their devices. Also: Apple believes it will set a record for sales
of its new iPhone 6S and Phone 6S Plus devices, although some production snags
may loom.

The lead: Win one, lose one for Google

Good news and bad news arrived on Monday for Mountain View-based Google, and
investors decidedly focused on the sour notes for the technology titan.

Google found out Monday a Russian court ruled that it violated Russia's
antitrust laws by requiring that manufacturers pre-install its search and
services on their devices.

Yandex -- to some known as "the Google of Russia" -- had filed a complaint with
Russia's Federal Anti-Monopoly Service. Yandex had asked the court to order
Google to unbundle its services from the Android operating system and the apps
platform in the Google Play Store.

Separately, Google is looking to push in a big way into the business of
self-driving cars that it's been testing. The company has hired a veteran
executive from the auto industry to run that business.

Google says it's hired John Krafcik, president of online car-shopping service
TrueCar. Krafcik is expected to join the Google automotive endeavor during the
next few weeks and will be chief executive officer of the enterprise.

Krafcik, before joining TrueCar, held executive positions with Ford Motor and
Hyundai Motor. Krafcik had a stint as president of Hyundai's U.S. business.

Google fell 0.4 percent Monday, or $2.83, to $652.47.

SV150 market report: Apple sales strong for new iPhone, but is there a
production snag?

Cupertino-based Apple says it's on track to set records for sales of its new
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus , according to a statement the tech giant released
to CNBC .

"Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," the company said
in a statement. "We are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit
first-weekend record when the new iPhones go on sale Sept. 25."

However, it appears some production snags could complicate Apple's quest to meet
the sturdy demand. The iPhone 6S could be in limited supply at its launch
because of production issues related to the backlight component. A KGI
Securities analyst issued a note to investors Monday revealing potential issues
for Apple supplier Minebea. Apple has placed rush orders with competing supplier
Radiant.

Apple shares rose 0.96 percent, or $1.10, to $115.31.

Menlo Park-based Facebook is reportedly working on a virtual reality app that
would change the way people look at videos on phones connected to the social
network. The virtual reality app would be available on both Android devices and
the iPhone. Facebook shares rose 0.28 percent, or 26 cents, to $92.31.

And now that Microsoft has launched Windows 10, the Washington software behemoth
is preparing a major announcement on Oct. 6 that will be centered on Windows 10
devices.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Apple, Gilead, Juniper, Facebook, Zynga, Tesla

Down: Google, Oracle, Intel, Cisco, HP, eBay, Yahoo, Netflix, Twitter

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Down 1.82, or 0.11
percent, to 1,646.07.

The tech-focused Nasdaq composite index: Down 16.58, or 0.34 percent, to
4,805.76.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 62.13 or 0.38 percent, to
16,370.96.

And the broad-based Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 8.02, or 0.41 percent, to
1,953.03.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .

