

The sale will gain momentum without any fear of shortage as telecom operators
and power retailers have received enough inventories from Apple to meet demand.

Apple's new iPhones - 6S and 6S Plus - made a smooth and successful official
debut in the UAE as telecom operators and major retailers started its sales from
Saturday at 12.01am at major malls and outlets in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah and
Ras Al Khaimah.

Abdul Haq from Syria, Mina from Egypt and Manomehdi from India were among the
first buyers of Apple's latest device at the du headquarters in Dubai, where a
long queue of the popular brand's fans started to build up at 11pm in a bid to
become among the first to get hold on the new smartphones.

The sale will gain momentum without any fear of shortage as telecom operators
and power retailers have received enough inventories from Apple to meet the high
demand in the country, according to industry insiders.

Read: Why you should head to an Apple retailer after reading this

Both telecom operators - etisalat and du - are expected to face stiff
competition in sales as all major retailers in the UAE got the supplies of the
new iPhones directly from Apple for the first time. Telcos and retailers made
special arrangements to launch the new devise in the country, with some stores
remaining open as late as 4am on Saturday.

Samer Majzoub, vice-president for premium segment at du, said new iPhones are
expected to generate good sales numbers due to its growing demand in the market.

Read: Customers can purchase iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at du Shops across UAE

"We have more than 2,000 pre-bookings for post-paid plans as well as a similar
number for standalone devices. The growing enquiries from customers are
indicating high demand for new iPhones," Majzoub told Khaleej Times at the
launch event.

He said du launched the new devices at 18 outlets across the UAE to cater to the
high demand against the earlier plan to have it only in two flagship stores in
Abu Dhabi and Dubai.

"Our sales expectations are very high and most du shops will remain open late
night to serve maximum number of customers. The demand is more for iPhone 6S,"
he said.

To a question, Majzoub ruled out any shortage of the new iPhones and said the du
logistics teams are well prepared to meet high demand from customers.

"We have sufficient stocks from Apple and we can cater to the demand in a
minimum possible time at any du outlet in the UAE," he said. The rush was also
seen at major retailers in Dubai and Sharjah as people started queuing up in
front of Jumbo Electronics and Emax outlets in major malls.

"I'm very excited to upgrade my iPhone 6 with the new version and can't wait
until morning," said David, a student from Italy at a Knowledge Village-based
institution. The same went with Khalil Ahmed from Pakistan and Sri Lankan
national Sarfraz, who were keen to get the new device.

"I'm a regular Apple user from the last three years and want to try the new
features in the iPhone 6S," Sarfraz, a graphic designer by profession, told
Khaleej Times.

The iPhone 6 was the most popular smartphone in the UAE during second quarter,
according to the latest report from Telecommunications Regulatory Authority. The
latest version, which was globally launched on September 25, is now officially
available in the UAE, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Qatar and Saudi Arabia.

"We are thrilled with the turnout of early Saturday's events in Abu Dhabi and
Dubai - which once again corroborated the positive aspects of the local market
performance. We are once again adding value to the lives of our tech-savvy
customers by giving them the latest and best technology offerings," said Fahad
Al Hassawi, chief commercial officer of du.

- muzaffarrizvi@khaleejtimes.com

http://imgs.syndigate.info/28/44/41/144457574616.jpg



