

The-all-new iPhone 6S does not really bring all-new features!

Saturday, October 17, 2015: Apple recently launched new iPhones in India market.
iPhone 6S and 6S plus bring innovative technology and features to the table.
Every year, iPhone launch creates lot of buzz in media. Apple also pushed latest
iOS 9 software to iPhones. The operating system brings new features to iPhone.
Most of these new features are already available on Android platform. Today we
have listed 5 features in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus that Apple borrowed from others.

1. 3D Touch

3D Touch in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will enable different actions with respect to
different level of force on the screen. If the touch is deeper, it will open up
advanced menu or peek into the content of the folder. Apple has deployed the
same technology in new 12-inch MacBook's touchpad. We have seen the same
technology in BlackBerry Storm 2. BlackBerry had named it as SurePress. Huawei
had introduced similar feature on Mate S smartphone.

2. Live Photo

Apple has implemented a new feature on iPhone called, Live Photo. It lets you
capture some action before and after you press shutter key. It creates an
animated picture, images animate responding to touch. The similar feature is
available on HTC smartphones, it's called Zoe. Microsoft has integrated similar
feature on Lumia smartphones, called Living Image.

3. 4K Video Recording

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus users can finally shoot videos in 4K (3840 x 2160p)
format. However, the same technology is available on many flagship Android
devices. Smartphone manufacturers like LG, Sony, Apple rolled out 4K video
support in 2014.

4. Playback Zoom

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus come with a new feature called playback zoom. Users can
zoom in objects in video while playing them. There is nothing new about this
feature, it's available on number of Android smartphones for years. There are
some third party apps that support this feature.

5. Retina Flash

Apple has upgraded front facing camera in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. The new
powerful camera will enable users to take high resolution selfies. Apple hasn't
integrated front flash on new iPhones. Company has implemented an interesting
solution for selfie flash - Retina flash. The screen goes 3X brighter while
clicking selfie. However, the concept is not entirely new. Many Android devices
have same feature. There are some third-party apps that enable this feature on
Android smartphone.

