

Apple couldn't have got a better news just a day ahead of its next iPhone
launch. According to the latest research from Strategy Analytics, the company's
iPhone 6s model was the world's top-selling smartphone in the second quarter of
2016. Apple currently accounts for two of the three top-selling smartphone
models shipped worldwide.According to Linda Sui, director at Strategy Analytics,
"Total global smartphone shipments grew 1 percent annually from 338.0 million
units in Q2 2015 to 341.5 million in Q2 2016. Smartphone growth is sluggish at
the moment due to ongoing economic volatility worldwide, high-ownership
penetration in most major countries, and a lack of new innovation from device
manufacturers."Neil Mawston, executive director at Strategy Analytics, added,
"We estimate the Apple iPhone 6s model shipped 14.2 million units and accounted
for 4 percent share of all smartphones shipped worldwide in Q2 2016. Apple's
iPhone 6s is currently the world's most popular smartphone. The iPhone 6s is
wildly popular in dozens of countries globally, due to its attractive hardware
design blended with rich features such as 4K video, large multi-touch display,
and fingerprint security."Woody Oh, director at Strategy Analytics, added, "The
Apple iPhone 6 shipped 8.5 million units worldwide for second position and 2
percent marketshare during Q2 2016, followed by Samsung Galaxy S7 edge in third
place with 8.3 million and 2 percent share.

Apple iPhone 6 has been on sale for almost two years and it remains near the top
of best-seller lists in many regions like Europe. Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge has
proven popular among high-end consumers and its curved hardware design has given
the firm a differentiator that Apple's iPhone portfolio does not yet offer."As
per the report, global smartphone shipments slightly increased +1% annually
during the Q2 2016. The report estimates that the top 20 families of models
accounted for 7 in 10 of all smartphones shipped worldwide during the quarter.
Apple and Samsung top the charts, but Huawei's Ascend and Honor, Xiaomi's Redmi,
OPPO's R series, LG's K series, LeEco's Le Series and Vivo's X and Y series are
quietly gaining traction.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

