

KOLKATA | MUMBAI: Diehard iPhone devotees in India will be able to lay hands on
the latest models in the grey market within two days of the US launch on
September 25 by shelling out Rs 1 lakh. However, the grey market will be able to
command a premium only for a short period because in a sign of India's growing
importance as an iPhone market, Apple is expected to officially start selling
the new devices here by October 11-15.

Grey market sellers in Mumbai's Heera Panna Market and Crawford Market, Delhi's
Gaffar Market and Kolkata's Air-Conditioned Market and Fancy Market said there
have been several enquiries about the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, which
were unveiled by Apple in San Francisco on Wednesday, and some of them have even
started taking pre-orders.

The newly launched rose gold colour variant has turned out to be the most in
demand, and is commanding a premium.

"The price will be around Rs 1 lakh initially, but it will come down after the
company announces the official launch date. We have started getting enquiries,"
said a mobile store owner at Mumbai's Heera Panna Market.

The average price at most of these sellers will be Rs 70,000-80,000 for iPhone
6s and between Rs 80,000 and Rs 90,000 for iPhone 6s Plus. The rose gold colour
model is likely to be available at an additional premium of Rs 10,000-15,000,
six sellers in the grey market hubs of the country said. The sellers said their
agents in the US will place requests at Apple stores when the company starts
pre-bookings from Saturday and will ensure the first lot reaches within 2-3 days
of the launch. They will also start receiving supplies from Singapore, Hong Kong
and similar markets, which are nearer to India and where the new iPhones will be
launched in the first phase of rollout.

INDIA IGNORED INITIALLY

Apple launched the iconic iPhone way back in 2007, but for a long time chose to
ignore India. In the past few years, the company has increased its focus on the
country and in the last quarter iPhone sales grew by 93% in India. Absolute
sales volume, however, remain low and the company sold 0.5 million handsets in
the country in the previous quarter compared with 13-14 million in China.

In the past, Apple used to launch iPhone models in India months after they were
introduced in the US and other major markets. However, over time, this period
has shrunk. And this time, the trade expects Apple to begin selling here 15-20
days after the global launch. It is estimated that Apple will price the iPhone
6s 16GB model at Rs 65,000 and the iPhone 6s Plus 16GB variant at Rs
70,000-72,000.

The price of the 64GB and 128GB models will be much higher. The company is,
however, yet to officially announce its India pricing and launch date. A seller
in Kolkata's Air-Conditioned Market said the unofficial price premium will exist
only for the first week or so after the US launch, and will subsequently come
down. "However, the rose gold colour model may continue to command a premium, as
it has generated a lot of demand and supplies will be limited," he said.

A dealer in Delhi's Gaffar Market said the new iPhones will be available by the
end of this month.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

