

Retailers have started taking bookings for Apple's latest iPhones and those
waiting to get their hands on them should be prepared to shell out Rs 62,000 for
the lowest storage variant, 16 GB, of the iPhone 6s and as much as Rs 92,000 for
the 128 GB variant of the iPhone 6s Plus.

According to three trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices
and given the go-ahead to begin taking advance orders. Industry officials told
ET the iPhone 6s 64 GB would cost about . '72,000 and the 128 GB version would
be about '82,000. The iPhone 6s Plus .16 GB would be priced at '72,000 and its
larger stor.age model of 64 GB would be priced at . '82,000.

Apple is yet to declare official prices in India, the company said in response
to an emailed query.

Pre-bookings have started at major retail chains across the country. The
MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail chain, said it will begin
taking orders from Friday. The Mumbaibased chain with over 800 outlets will take
pre-orders . 2,000 each up to October for ' 13. The devices will become
available on the night of October 15.

"The iPhone 6s 64 GB variant is the most popular one as of now," said Satish Ba
bu, founder of Chennaibased UniverCell Mobiles, one of the largest retail chains
in south India, which has started taking pre-orders across its 300 stores.
"Since yesterday we have got at least 100 orders," he added.

Bengaluru-based Sangeetha Mobiles' managing director Subhash Chandra said the
company had started taking pre-orders for '1,000 apiece and expects .most
existing iPhone users to upgrade to the new mod

els within the first month.

The retail chains will offer monthly installment payment options, upgrade
programmes and finance schemes. "We will also offer freebies like back case and
accessories during the

booking period," Satish Ba bu added.

Sources add Apple is set to get on a marketing blitzkrieg and retailers are
expecting much higher sales than last year as the Cupertino-based smartphone
maker plans to make adequate stocks available.

"We had asked for 10,000 units for the first week -that's the kind of response
we're seeing now and expecting it to build after the launch happens. But we may
not get that much," one of the large format retailers told ET, requesting
anonymity.

