

Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", China's top smartphone maker
Xiaomi has rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", the country's top smartphone
maker XiaomiCorphas rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable
to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

The Mi 5, being ultra-fast and ultra-thin, outperforms Apple's iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus in several categories, said Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi, while
revealing the details in a more than one-and-a-half hours launch event in
Beijing.

Lei Jun,founder of Xiaomi, compares two photos taken during nighttime with an
iPhone 6s plus and a Mi 5 at the launch event in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016.
[Photo/Xiaomi.cn]

The more elegant outlook with a front fingerprint sensor, the better
photographing capability at night and better optical anti-vibration performance,
more NFC payment-related functions are among the features, according to Lei.

Hugo Barra, vice -president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile
World Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Right after the Beijing event, Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also
launched the Mi 5at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.

He said the Mi 5 is coming soon but did not reveal the exact date and the exact
prices for the European market.

Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile World
Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Speaking of the technology breakthroughs that Barra described as "black magic"
at the event, Hadlee Simons, a South African tech reporter from local news
portal africa.com, said, "The smartphone market is very competitive, vendors
such as LG and Samsung have all brought eye-catching functions in their new
phones that debuted at this year's MWC, and Mi 5 is definitely on that level."

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to Simons, battery life and price are the top two important concerns
for African buyers due to frequent power blackouts and price-sensitiveness in
the local market.

"People were worried that Xiaomi will push up the prices after the launch of its
smartphone product line, but with the Mi 5, the company has still presented an
answer with a competitive price," said Simons. He uses a Mi 4 that he purchased
back in Africa, and is looking forward to seeing Xiaomi's move on the virtual
reality sector.

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At the end of last year, Xiaomi partnered with MIA Group (Mobile in Africa), the
local iPhone distributor, to sell its products to South African consumers. The
MIA Group handles local sales, marketing, and support for Xiaomi.

More than 100 reporters, mostly from India, China and European countries
participated in the media preview.

Xiaomi sold 64.9 million smartphones in China last year, taking a market share
of 15 percent, defending its crown as the No 1 seller at its home market,
according to data from research firm International Data Corp.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/40/145639007015.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838b3eb53.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/43/145639007155.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838af9f30.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/51/145639007318.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838b0fa3e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/59/145639007478.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838907d09.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/85/145639007610.jpg

eca86bd9ddb418388f3a07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/14/145639007762.jpg

eca86bd9ddb4183891e20b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/90/145639007910.jpg

eca86bd9ddb4183891270a.jpg

