

The new 16GB Rose Gold 6S Plus will likely cost Dhs4,958.

Grey market sellers in the UAE could collect a hefty premium of more than
Dhs2,000 per sale from Apple fans longing to get their hands on the new iPhone
6S before it is officially available.

Online marketplace Jado Pado has released figures of the expected prices for the
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, launched in San Francisco last week, that people
will have to pay to get them early.

The firm predicts that each device could cost as much as 50 per cent more than
Apple's off-plan prices for the new model in the US.

The new 16GB Rose Gold 6S Plus will likely cost Dhs4,958 ($1,350) - which is
Dhs2,207 ($601) more than the US retail price.

Meanwhile, the 16GB 6S Rose Gold will cost Dhs3,672 ($1,000) - Dhs1,289 ($351)
more than Apple's price of Dhs2,383 ($649). Based on buyer preferences, the grey
and silver devices are expected to be priced lower, even though Apple charges
the same for all colours.

However, Jado Pado CEO Omar Kassim stressed the projected numbers are not his
firm's prices, which won't be revealed until the site begins offering stock on
September 26.

"They're wholesale indications just based on the way we used to price
ourselves," he said. "Pricing should be in this range, if not slightly above to
start, and sliding downwards towards the US retail price over a four- to
five-week period depending on demand and availability."

Some sellers are already advertising in the region at the predicted rates.
Online vendor mygsm.me lists the 16GB Rose Gold 6S at Dhs3,900 and the 64GB
Silver at Dhs4,250, while crazydeals.ae has priced the 64GB Rose Gold at
Dhs3,499.

A seller on dubizzle is promising the phone at 8am on Saturday on Sheikh Zayed
Road. "Cash on collection. No need to wait till October! Buy your loved ones the
hottest Eid present before release," the advert states.

But the best indication of demand came from a private home-based seller who says
he has a waiting list of almost 90 people.

Speaking on the condition of anonymity, he told 7DAYS: "When I put the message
on WhatsApp to tell people I'll be getting the phones by Saturday, I got 87
responses."

The seller added: "They're all begging me to give it to them first, no matter
the cost. "Some will have their driver waiting at the airport to collect it."

megha@7days.ae

