

Apple iPhone 6S Price: from (EURO)740 While a full review is some way off, I got
a little bit of hands-on time with the new iPhone after its launch. Both the
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are almost identical to the current iPhone models, but
they have better cameras: 12 megapixels instead of eight. They also have '3D
Touch'. This lets the phone respond differently, depending on whether you 'tap'
or 'press' the screen. Sometimes, this results in time-saving shortcuts with
apps. For example, on Instagram, it lets you preview photos or profiles. Several
apps are already compliant with it. Handy.

IPad pro Price: (EURO)850 (likely) The other big Apple announcement is its giant
new iPad, twice the size of its current 10-inch iPad Air models. The 13-inch
machine also has significantly more engine power than most existing tablets.
Having played with it for a short while, it's quite light. But other than
watching movies, it's not obvious how we'll use it recreationally.

Apple is positioning this quite strongly as a work tool, and it has a dedicated
keyboard accessory. Many are comparing it to Microsoft's Surface, but the
Surface is actually a PC masquerading as a tablet, with Windows 10 and plenty of
USB connectivity.

Kef Egg speakers Price: (EURO)570 Ever watch a movie on your laptop or desktop
PC? Or stream music in the kitchen from your phone? While the 'retina' quality
screens on all these gadgets make for good viewing, the sound is still usually
poor. This is one reason that separate speakers sell well. Most external
speakers I've trialled are single boxes aimed mainly for music streaming from
phones. If you want a slightly bigger sound, you need a dedicated pair. Such a
concept is Kef's Egg speakers. I used them mostly as wireless speakers, playing
music from a phone and audio for a 22-inch home PC playing Netflix. They're
great: they play deep, rich audio quality that easily fills almost any home
room.

