

By tbreak Staff -

While we have known for a long time that iPhone 5se and iPad Air 3 are going to
be released during the month of March, we have not got around to the price tag
that will be surrounding the 4 inch smartphone. The iPhone 5se price tag has
been somewhat of a mystery but thanks to the efforts of KGI, they have given us
a fair detail of what to expect in terms of the iPhone 5se price variable.

It states that iPhone 5se will be priced around $400-$500, and this could
possibly mean that the smallest storage option, which will most likely be a 16GB
one will carry a price of $400, while the $500 price could belong to the 64GB
storage version. iPhone 5s, the company's previous generation smartphone with a
4 inch screen currently carries a price of $450, and according to KGI, that
pricing is going to be reduced even further, showing that Apple might be putting
in an extra to get rid of this version once and for all.

In terms of internal specs, the phone is said to come with A9 and M9 chips from
the iPhone 6s, the ability to take Live Photos, and an NFC chip that can be used
for effortlessly making transactions through Apple Pay. In terms of aesthetics,
iPhone 5se is said to look the same as iPhone 6s, with the obvious difference
between them being the screen size and of course the battery capacity.

According to a new report, Apple is planning to start selling the iPhone 5se and
iPad Air 3 on March 18th, although these plans could change within the next 30
days, this current two day turnaround time is incredibly fast for Apple, or any
other phone manufacturer for that matter.

In short, it is expected that you will be able to experience the same level of
firepower from a 4 inch iPhone as that displayed by iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
and it will targeted to those who display an active penchant towards smaller
smartphones. After all, not all mobile handset consumers can be expected to
carry around phablet sized devices.

9to5Mac

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/145665309182.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/91/145665309257.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/67/145665309278.jpg



