

SAN FRANCISCO --  As it nears a size and scope never before approached by a
technology company, Apple is doing things its executives said it never would.

Apple's co-founder, Steven P. Jobs, once announced that using a stylus with a
computing device was pass√©. But guess what? The company is now offering a
stylus, called Apple Pencil, for $100.

And in a move sure to make Apple old-timers squirm, the newest version of the
iPad, which has an optional keyboard that attaches to the tablet, is even
imitating some of the features of Microsoft's competing product, called the
Surface.

Together, the tablet, stylus and keyboard make for a combination computing
device that Apple executives had long said that they wouldn't create, perhaps
indicating the people running the company today are willing to forget about the
past as they try to cater to shifting consumer tastes.

But the center of this ever-expanding Silicon Valley giant is still the iPhone,
which accounts for 56 percent of Apple's profits. And in a presentation that
lasted more than two hours on Wednesday at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium
here, Apple executives emphasized several new iPhone features that -- despite
other announcements, ranging from an improved version of the company's
television controller to chic watchbands -- are still the key to Apple's
success.

''Investors have been rewarded by assuming Apple can continually push the
envelope on what a phone and the company can do,'' said Michael A. Sansoterra,
the chief investment officer at Silvant Capital Management, which owns Apple
stock.

Because of the first iteration of the larger-screen iPhone 6 introduced last
year, Apple's fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, when the company had an $18 billion
profit, was the most profitable quarter ever for a publicly traded company.

But meeting expectations is becoming a bigger challenge. In its most recent
quarter, Apple posted quarterly revenue of $49.6 billion and a $10.7 billion
profit; iPhone revenue was up 59 percent from the previous year. But those
results still fell short of Wall Street estimates, and Apple's share price
tumbled 4 percent in the following day of trading.

Apple will hit this holiday shopping season with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus,
which include an upgraded, 12-megapixel camera and a new capability called 3D
Touch. It can sense how hard a user is pressing a button, allowing for easier
access to different menus and information. It also gives users tactile feedback
when they touch their screens. Pressure-sensitive touch screens are already
available on the Apple Watch and in the trackpad of the new MacBook.

The new iPhones will also come in a rose-gold finish, with a new glass that the
company describes as the strongest in the industry.

The phone's touch ID sensor has been upgraded, and the phone will feature iOS 9,
the newest version of Apple's mobile operating system.

The new iPhone 6S will cost $200, and the iPhone 6S Plus will cost $300 with a
phone contract. Prices for previous versions of the iPhone will drop by $100.

Apple introduced its own payment plan. Starting at $32 a month, customers can
upgrade their phones every year if they buy them through Apple. The new phones
will be available in 12 countries, including the United States, on Sept. 25.
They will be available to order starting Sept. 12.

But as was clear in the presentation on Wednesday, Apple is aggressively
courting customers with other product lines as it competes with competitors like
Microsoft, Samsung and Google to become the centerpiece of Internet-connected
home entertainment systems.

''Apple gets a lot of credit for being innovators, but it's about how they
execute and improve on what already exists,'' said Tuong Huy Nguyen, a Gartner
analyst. ''Everyone uses the same ingredients, but a great chef can use them to
make a better meal.''

The makeover of the iPad is reminiscent of Apple's decision last year to
introduce the larger-screen phones, a move that many also had said the company
would never make.

Timothy D. Cook, Apple's chief executive, called the new iPad Pro ''the most
capable'' tablet the company has ever created. With a larger screen and optional
keyboard, it becomes a device that is meant to be useful for both the creation
and consumption of content.

''It makes sense for Apple to reveal a new keyboard along with new,
larger-screen iPads with faster processors,'' said Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst
at Sanford C. Bernstein. ''The message being that Apple is trying to push the
iPad to be more of a PC replacement, a converged device of a tablet notebook
that has broader computing powers.''

But starting at $800 (not including the optional $170 keyboard and the $100
stylus), it is much more expensive than earlier iPads.

Mr. Sacconaghi added that Apple had long rejected the idea that it would create
such a device, but now some of the pieces are in place. The new iPad runs
Microsoft Office software and has a faster processor so it can handle more
complex computing tasks.

Mr. Cook also presented a new, enhanced Apple TV, which represents the company's
most ambitious effort yet to become the focal point of home entertainment
systems. Apple TV already streams videos and music. Now it is set to offer video
games, shopping and travel tools through an expanded array of apps.

''Our vision for TV is simple,'' Mr. Cook said. ''We believe the future of
television is apps.''

The new version of Apple TV also includes a remote control that could be used as
a video game controller. The product now comes with a higher price tag that
starts at $150, up from $70, indicating that the company is betting that
consumers will think all of the new features are worth the higher price.

Jeff Williams, Apple's senior vice president of operations, also talked about
improvements to the Apple Watch, including a number of new apps like Facebook
Messenger and AirStrip, a health care app that lets doctors coordinate patient
care and monitor health data.

Drawing all of these devices together is Apple's voice assistant technology,
called Siri, with improved search capabilities that were prominently displayed
throughout the event, especially on the new Apple TV.

''The market will decide whether it's a good idea for Apple to do things that it
has said it wouldn't or that people don't think it should,'' said Mr. Nguyen.
''So far the market has liked it.''




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/10/technology/apple-tv-iphone-6s.html

