

Aug. 16 -- The Bank of East Asia, Limited ("BEA") today brings its customers
Apple Pay, which transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way
to pay that's fast and convenient. Customers can enjoy fabulous offers at the
same time.

BEA Credit Card customers will receive 5,000 bonus points by adding their BEA
Visa Credit Card or MasterCard [*] to Apple Pay between now and 22 nd August,
2016; Mobile Banking users will also receive an extra HK$20 Circle K i-Coupon.
In addition, the first 30,000 eligible credit card accounts which complete three
or more transactions through Apple Pay between now and 31 st October, 2016, will
receive a 25% cash rebate, and each eligible credit card account can receive a
cash rebate of up to HK$180.

Mr. Vincent Hui, General Manager & Head of the Personal Banking Division of BEA
said, "We have closely aligned our service offering with our customers' daily
needs. Nowadays, customers are looking for a faster and more secure payment
method; that's why we are providing Apple Pay, one of the fastest and easiest
ways to pay. We will continue to bring our customers increasingly innovative
services."

Apple Pay is easy to set up, and customers will continue to receive all the
rewards and benefits offered by BEA credit cards. In participating stores, Apple
Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
and Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is simple, without needing to
repeatedly fill out lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing
information. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

Apply for a BEA Credit Card now to experience Apple Pay and enjoy a wide range
of selected offers! For more information on Apple Pay, please visit
www.apple.com/hk/apple-pay; for more on BEA Credit Card offers, please visit
www.hkbea.com/hotpromotions.

Footnote:

[*] Does not apply to the UnionPay Dual Currency PLATINUM Credit Card, JCB
PLATINUM Card, or Corporate Card. Please visit www.hkbea.com/applepay for
further terms and conditions.

Source: Bank of East Asia

