

Here is how you can purchase new iPhone at discounted price!

Wednesday, October 21, 2015: Apple's new generation iPhones are here. iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus bring lots of features to the table. The devices have created enough
buzz in smartphone market. iPhone 6S starts from Rs 62,000 for 16 GB version, 64
GB comes at Rs 72,000 and 128 GB for Rs 82,000. On the other hand, iPhone 6S
Plus 16 GB is available for Rs 72,000, 64 GB for Rs 82,000 and you get 128 GB
version for Rs 92,000. Prices are not expected to go down anytime soon. First
impression is, pricing is way too high. Today we have listed few sweet deals to
purchase these iPhones at cheaper price.

1. Vodafone Deal

Vodafone Mobile is operator locked iPhone 6S and 6S Plus with lucrative deal.
You can get Vodafone benefits of Rs 8,885 for six months with brand new iPhone
6S and 6S Plus. Existing or new Vodafone customers can purchase any of the new
iPhones and get free Vodafone RED 1299 plan. The plan includes 3GB of free 3G
data, 4,000 free local and STD minutes and 1,500 local and national SMSs for
period of six months. Post this limit, you can continue to enjoy data usage at
50p/MB, SMS at 50p/SMS and local voice calls at 50p/min.

2. Airtel Offers

Airtel is offering iPhone infinity plans. The plan includes 60 GB worth 4G data
for 12 months. Which will save your whooping Rs 15,000. The pack also lets you
use Airtel Wynk Music and Movies services. You can make unlimited free calls and
SMS to Airtel numbers. Post these benefit period, you can buy Airtel plans
starting from Rs 999 to Rs 2,999. You can get 5GB of additional data free each
month with any of the plans.

3. Paytm Offers

Online mobile payment wallet, Paytm is offering great discount with new iPhone.
You can get upto Rs 6,000 Paytm cash with new purchase of iPhone from the
website. You have to use the coupon code before placing an order. This means,
you can get iPhone 6S at effective price of Rs 56,000. You can use Paytm cash
only with paytm and associate Paytm vendors. Many third party services like
Uber, BookMyShow are using paytm for payment processing.

4. Indiatimes

Indiatimes is offering iPhone 6S at discounted price. You can buy the brand new
iPhone 6S 16 GB for Rs 60,692/-. That's good discount of Rs 1,308. There is no
discount available for 64 GB version. Indiatimes does not have iPhone 6S Plus
yet.

5. Infibeam

Infibeam is authorized Apple online retailer in India. You can expect to get
number of goodies with Infibeam purchase. With Infibeam's festive offer code -
FESTIVE1500, you can avail discount of Rs 1,500 on each purchase. You can use
MySmartPrice and 91Mobiles and grab additional discount of up to Rs 4,000. If
you choose PayU wallet as payment processor, you can get additional 5% discount
(maximum of Rs 500) in your PayU money wallet.

