

I've spent a week now with a review iPhone SE provided by Apple, and I'm happy
to recommend it to anyone who's interested in getting the company's latest
four-inch device.

I just won't count myself among them.

That's nothing against the phone itself, which is fast, light and the best value
on the market for its $400 price tag. But it's no secret that this phone isn't
really designed to draw big crowds - and reports indicate that it has not, as it
went on sale Thursday - or to lure people into an early upgrade from Apple's
larger phones. Overall, it's a logical addition to the iPhone line and one worth
considering, for a certain audience.

Headed into this review, I thought I might be among the potential buyers for the
SE. I was a slow convert to big screens. Yet somehow, although I've had my 6S
only for a few months, going back to the four-inch screen on the iPhone SE felt
like using a toy.

I don't mean that in a disparaging way. In terms of critical flaws with the SE,
I really don't have any to report. But it lacks the pizazz of a major phone
update - something Apple itself probably realizes, given that the company
introduced the SE in its traditionally smaller spring product launch. This is
not a break-down-the-door innovation, although the phone itself is as powerful a
device as you could hope for or expect at its price. It is solid, familiar and
practical.

In my first impressions of the phone, I described the SE as an iPhone 6S in the
body of an iPhone 5S, and I stand by that characterization. Running the same
game on my iPhone 6S and the iPhone SE, there was no noticeable difference in
performance, which speaks to the power Apple has packed into the smaller phone.
It certainly doesn't feel cheap. During the week I used it, I never had a
performance issue. Battery life was also about the same - even though the SE has
a smaller battery than its bigger sibling. There was also no appreciable
difference in call quality - in fact, the smaller phone seemed to fit the size
of my head a little better.

If you're one of those still holding on to your four-inch phone, the SE is worth
the upgrade and then some. In performance alone, the SE offers you a much
snappier, more powerful experience than the iPhone 5S. The SE also has some of
the newest bells and whistles from Apple, including the option to summon Apple's
voice assistant by saying, "Hey, Siri," as well as Apple's moving, "Harry
Potter"-esque Live Photos. It's capable as a photo and video shooter, with the
same 12-megapixel camera that comes on the iPhone 6S and has better performance
in low light and better stabilization than you could get on the 5S.

But there are things you give up by not going to the top of Apple's lineup. That
means it's likely not an appealing upgrade option for anyone who has bought the
iPhone 6 or 6S. The phone lacks Apple's new "3D Touch" mechanism, which can
sense how hard you're pressing on the screen. That's not a deal-breaker,
exactly, but if you've already become used to 3D Touch, it can be hard to go
back.

Unless you miss the smaller screen size, though, you will definitely find
yourself wondering where the rest of your display has gone. If you watch a
significant amount of video on your phone or do a lot of reading or surfing,
you'll find yourself longing for your bigger screen.

In fact, that's a pretty big theme overall: Switching back to the SE for a while
made me realize how much I'd grown accustomed to the world of bigger screen
sizes.

So if you're happy with your larger phone, I'd give the iPhone SE a pass.  But
it's a solid option for kids angling for smartphones of their own or an older
person dipping a toe into the smartphone world for the first time. It could also
be an appealing option for people who want more storage on their phones, perhaps
for music or apps, but aren't watching a lot of video. After all, you can get a
64 GB SE model for $500 instead of the $750 you'd pay for a comparable iPhone
6S. For the price, you can't really do much better - it's certainly the best
option at its price level for Apple fans.

Essentially, anyone who might have sought out this review now - just as the
iPhone SE goes on sale - should probably not buy Apple's new, smaller phone.
Chances are if you're excited about being an early adopter, you're not in this
phone's target market. But maybe, just maybe, you should buy it for someone
else.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

