

When I unboxed Apple's new iPhone SE at home, there were squeals of delight. Not
just at the 'classic' flat-sided iPhone form factor (apparently still very
popular) but at the 'rose gold' colour adorning the back of the device. By
comparison, my first reaction when holding it was something more akin to:
"janey, it's small".

In fact, I worried that it would simply be too small.

Like lots of other people, I have become very used to large-screen phones that
let me watch video for extended periods.

And in the two weeks I've been using it, that more or less sums up the aesthetic
reaction to Apple's latest iPhone.

If you really liked the form factor of the iPhone 5S, you'll love this. If you
can't go back to small videos, this may not be for you.

There is one logical question that fans of the iPhone 5S look and feel might
ask. Seeing as you can still generally get the cheaper 5S (for the next few
weeks at least), why buy the SE? In my view, it's a no-brainer to choose the new
SE, for a few reasons.

Whereas the iPhone SE is Apple's new 'entry level' handset, the phone has been
packed with the company's latest top-end tech. Its camera is the most obvious
example of this. The SE's 12-megapixel lens is identical to the high-resolution
snapper on the iPhone 6S, which means that it's one of the best cameras you can
get on a phone.

As well as being able to shoot 4K video (which is starting to matter), the
camera also has elements such as the iPhone's 'Live' photo feature, which
records a second or so of video each side of you pressing the shutter button.
And it uses a screen flash for selfies. The slomo facility is also boosted to
240 frames per second over the 5S's 120fps.

In my daily use, this camera definitely beat the 5S model's 8-megapixel camera.

Power and battery life are two other strong reasons to opt for the newer model.
The SE uses the same A9 chip as the iPhone 6S, meaning it's between two to three
times faster than the iPhone 5S.

Aside from applications you already use now, this will start to make a real
difference in year two of you having the phone.

And the battery life is, on balance, better than the earlier models. I have
generally gotten a full day out of the phone and I would default toward the
heavier end of usage (video, email, social media).

That's not to say that the iPhone SE's battery life is perfect, or the best on
the market. There are some phones (among them the iPhone 6S Plus) that will give
you slightly better battery life. But this is generally adequate and
significantly better than the iPhone 5S.

While the SE doesn't have the 3D Touch feature of the iPhone 6S models, it does
incorporate Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensor. For those who still haven't
used it, this is useful as an alternative to passcodes for unlocking your phone
or making App Store purchases.

For the budget-conscious, the SE has the benefit of fitting older 5S accessories
such as cases. The SE streams stuff considerably faster over wifi and 4G than
the 5S, too.

There is still the issue of the phone's size.

For me, it's a challenging transition to go from something the size of a 6S Plus
to a screen around half the size. I will say this, though: the SE is the first
phone in a while that I've been able to use one-handed in comfort.

It is true that video, social media and web browsing are a different proposition
on a four-inch screen than on a 5.5-inch one. But that's the life of someone who
uses a phone for general computing issues more than a laptop or a tablet.

If you're at the lighter end of video use but still want a top-end camera, the
iPhone SE is hard to beat.

