

KOLKATA | MUMBAI: For the first time, the grey market for a smartphone is
buzzing even after the official launch in the country as cheaper prices of the
device offered through unauthorised channels attract customers.

Apple's latest iPhone 6S and 6S Plus phones are selling out fast in grey market
hubs such as Mumbai's Heera Panna, New Delhi's Gaffar Market, Kolkata's Fancy
Market and even on eBay, thanks to high official prices of the devices due to a
taxation change and a softening change and a softening rupee.

READ ALSO:

The government increased the duty on imported smartphones to 11.5% this year to
encourage its 'Make in India' agenda. The rupee weakened against the dollar,
which means more units of the local currency are needed to pay for products sold
by US companies.

Apple sells the new iPhones in India at prices that are as much as Rs
14,000-16,000 higher than in markets such as the US, the Middle East, Singapore
and Hong Kong, from where the grey market models are mostly sourced. That gives
grey market sellers in India sufficient cushion to aggressively price their
models.

"Grey market for the new iPhone is booming and unless Apple rationalizes its
official price, a sizeable section of consumers will continue to buy from the
grey sellers or wait for online discounting to start," said the chief executive
officer of a large cellphone retail chain.

READ ALSO:

Apple had a rather muted launch of the iPhones in India on October 16, with
several stores saying sales were 40% lower than last year and bigger chains
reporting, at best, a 20% increase in sales. The company's initial plan was to
triple sales.

The latest iPhones cost between Rs 62,000 and Rs 92,000 and are Rs 8,500-9,500
more than last year's launch prices.

On eBay, an imported iPhone 6S 16GB model was selling at Rs 53,153 on Monday
while its official price is Rs 62,000. The iPhone 6S Plus 128GB model was
available for Rs 80,180 on eBay compared with its official India price of Rs
92,000.

In the grey market hubs, the phones were selling for about Rs 5,000-11,000 less
than the official prices.

Hint for Apple

A section of the industry said the busy grey market is an indicator that Apple
should start assembling its devices in India, which was discussed when Prime
Minister Narendra Modi met Apple chief executive Tim Cook in the US last month.

"Local assembling or manufacturing by Apple will depend on several factors, but
we expect it may be finalized soon, which will mean a quantum jump in India's
capabilities," said Pankaj Mohindroo, president of the Indian Cellular
Association and chairman of the government's mobile phone manufacturing advisory
committee.

Foxconn Technology Group, the company that makes iPhones for Apple, has started
manufacturing smartphones for China's Xiaomi and US phone brand InFocus at its
plant in Andhra Pradesh.

So high is the grey market demand in India that dealers at Mumbai's Heera Panna
market and Mohammed Ali Road say there is a shortage of iPhone 6S devices and
they are forced to pre-book them. "We generally take two days to source the new
iPhones," a dealer at Heera Panna said.

Sensing opportunity, some sellers at Gaffar Market and Kolkata's Air-Conditioned
Market have cut discounts. "When enough consumers are buying the phone for Rs
55,000-60,000, we won't discount it till demand slows down," said a shop owner
at Gaffar Market.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

