

For half a decade, the launch of an Apple iPhone triggered the same kind of
global hysteria once reserved for beloved music groups -- customers camping for
days in front of a store, often in Apple-themed costumes.

That may be changing. Low expectations for major changes to the next upgrade,
and data showing consumers are holding onto their smartphones longer, suggest
the Apple buzz is fading.

Apple has reached the point where "the phone is so good, I'm just not as stoked
to get the new version," says Blake Rose, who recently moved west from
Kettering, Ohio. He owns the iPhone 6S, released last September.

Sales of Apple products dropped more than 20% at Target Corp. during the
retailer's quarter ended July 30, Target CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday,
contributing to a 7% drop in total sales.

Apple historically introduces new iPhones shortly after Labor Day, and if it
follows past years' patterns, it would launch a phone with a major redesign and
upgrade, say the iPhone 7.

This fall, however, some analysts, including Tim Bajarin of Creative Strategies,
expect Apple to hold off on a major upgrade, waiting for 2017 and the 10th
anniversary of the phone instead.

"I wouldn't be surprised if next year, Apple skips 8 and 9 and introduces the
iPhone 10, for the anniversary," Bajarin says.

Apple didn't respond to USA TODAY's request for comment.

Analysts expect three key new add-ons for the next iPhone:

A dual-camera sensor that is designed to dramatically improve low-light images
and make it easier to zoom in on photos.

More internal storage, at 32 gigabytes, up from the standard 16 GB.

Removal of the headphone jack port, which will require consumers to plug their
phones and earbuds into the Lightning charging port. This will probably cause
them to buy new headphones and buds.

How does Apple sell a new edition with minimal new features? If the camera is
really good, "consumers will respond," Bajarin says. "It depends upon the
quality."

Sales for the latest iPhone, the 6S and 6S Plus, didn't catch fire with
consumers like previous models. Apple has reported slumping sales for the
previous two quarters, a first for the company, which sent revenue down 15% for
the June quarter. iPhone unit sales fell to 40.4 million in the recent quarter,
down 15% year over year.

Earlier this year, Apple introduced the smaller iPhone SE, which introduced no
new features but carried a lower price in a smaller body. While Apple says sales
have been strong for the SE, they haven't been enough to push iPhone unit
numbers higher than previously.

The last major re-design for the iPhone was in 2014's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
models, which remain Apple's best-selling iPhone models. Consumers loved the
larger screens and improved camera.

But 2015's 6S and 6S Plus failed to impress in an equal way, with new features
such as 3D Touch shortcuts and the ability to add short seconds of video clips
to your photos.

"They don't really change anything except the camera and speed," Lala O'Malley,
of Los Angeles said. "It ended with the 4S."

For the next version, Maya Borski of Riverside, Calif., doesn't mind losing the
headphone jack.

"Now you'll only have to worry about one hole in the phone getting wet instead
of two and ruining the whole phone," she says.

Many of the consumers we spoke to here on Ocean Front Walk said they would love
to see a 100% waterproof iPhone -- such as the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7,
unveiled this week.

"Where's Apple with that?" Rose asks.

But even though the innovation from Apple over the past few years has slowed,
Apple fans are still out there.

Ryan Seron of Boynton Beach, Fla., says he'll be "standing online" on opening
day to get the latest iPhone.

"Everyone always wants the newest thing," he said.

And O'Malley, though she seemed ho-hum about a new iPhone's prospects, admitted
that she, too, will probably opt for the new model. How often does she get a new
one? "Sadly, every year," she says.

