
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 Plus: $100 Costlier For Consumers To Buy-Just $15.50 More Expensive For
Apple To Make

LENGTH: 947  words


Thursday, September 25, 2014: For consumers opting to buy Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6
Plus rather than the iPhone 6, the additional 0.8 inches of screen size will
cost $100 extra. However, for Apple, the iPhone 6 Plus costs only about $16 more
to produce, delivering to the company an even heftier margin than normal for its
wildly popular smartphone line.

The bill of materials (BOM) of the iPhone 6 equipped with 16 gigabytes (GByte)
of NAND flash memory amounts to $196.10, according to a preliminary estimate by
the Teardown Mobile Handsets Intelligence Service at IHS Technology (NYSE: IHS).
The cost of production rises to $200.10 when the $4.00 manufacturing expense is
added.

The BOM of the iPhone 6 Plus amounts to $211.10, and rises to $215.60 with the
additional $4.50 manufacturing cost added. This is only $15.50 higher than the
total for the iPhone 6.

"Apple has always been adept at offering higher-end iPhone models with enhanced,
desirable features-and then pricing those versions for maximum profitability,"
said Andrew Rassweiler, senior director, cost benchmarking services for IHS. "In
the past, the premium versions of iPhone offered higher memory configurations
for additional profit. While Apple continues this memory strategy, the company
is also taking a similar approach with the iPhone Plus, structuring its pricing
to add bottom-line profit on models that have a very desirable feature: a large
phablet-sized display."

With a contract from a wireless operator, the 16GByte version of the iPhone 6 is
priced at $200, while the Plus model amounts to $300. The unsubsidized pricing
for the two phones is $649 and $749, respectively.

The table attached presents the preliminary BOM and manufacturing cost estimate
of the Phone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Please note that these teardown assessments
are preliminary in nature, account only for hardware and manufacturing costs,
and do not include other expenses such as software, licensing, royalties or
R&D.;

These findings are available in the "Teardown - Apple iPhone 6" report, from
Materials & Cost Benchmarking solutions at IHS.

Phablet fees

The most obvious difference between the two new Apple smartphone models is the
display, with the iPhone 6 sporting a 4.7-inch screen, and the Plus coming in at
5.5 inches. However, while the larger screen is more expensive, it doesn't
account for the entire cost differential between the two phones; the Plus also
carries higher BOMs for its enhanced camera and battery subsystems.

For both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models, the screens feature in-touch
in-plane switching (IPS) liquid crystal displays (LCD) supplied by two sources:
LG Display and Japan Display. The displays likely employ Corning's Gorilla 3
glass, compared to Gorilla 2 in the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Because of its larger size, the display/touch-screen subsystem in the iPhone 6
Plus carries a cost of $52.50, compared to $45.00 for the iPhone 6.

Both displays are also more expensive than for the smaller, 4-inch display/touch
subsystem used in the iPhone 5S model, at $41.00, based on pricing from October
2013.

Battery boost

The larger form factor of the iPhone 6 Plus allows it to employ a bigger,
higher-capacity battery. The iPhone 6 Plus battery has a capacity of 11.1
watt-hours (Wh), compared to 6.91 Wh for the iPhone 6. Because of this, the
battery subsystem in the Plus is $1.00 more expensive than in the iPhone 6.

Also owing to their larger sizes, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus both have more
capacity than the 5S, which came in at just 5.92 Wh.

Furthermore, the camera of the Plus is $1.50 more expensive than in the iPhone
6.

Samsung and TSMC

In a major departure in component supplier selection from previous models, the
critical applications processor chip used in both the new iPhones is not
supplied entirely by Samsung.

The new models use the Apple-designed A8 processor, replacing the A7 employed in
the iPhone 5S. The A8 exhibits new markings that are not consistent with
previous A-series processors. IHS believes that Apple now is splitting its
orders for the A8 processor between semiconductor foundry Taiwan Semiconductor
Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (TSMC) and Samsung.

The A8 integrates twice the number of transistors as in the previous-generation
A7 processor used in the iPhone 5S, but the part is still smaller than the A7
due to the use of more advanced semiconductor manufacturing technology. With its
more advanced design and manufacturing, the A8 in the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
models costs $20.00, compared to $17.00 for the A7 in the iPhone 5S.

Sensor shift

The new-model iPhones also feature some key changes to the sensor/microphone
subsystem.

In the individual iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models analyzed, IHS identified a 6
-axis sensor supplied by InvenSense. Previous iPhones torn down by IHS used
accelerometers from Bosch Sensortec and Gyroscopes supplied by ST
Microelectronics. The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus feature an accelerometer from
Bosch Sensortec and the 6-axis sensor from InvenSense. It may be possible that
these parts are multisourced, even though the small number of samples analyzed
by IHS does not reveal this.

The new iPhones also add a barometric sensor, marking the first time Apple has
employed this type of sensor in its smartphone line.

Despite some reports to the contrary, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus contain the
same AKM electronic compass used in previous models.

NFC champion

To support the new Apple Pay feature, the new iPhones add a near-field
communication (NFC) chip, another first for Apple's smartphones. The latest
phones include the PN65V NFC controller from NXP Semiconductors, as well as a
previously unseen NFC-booster integrated circuit from AMS.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

Choosing between iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 532  words


For two years in a row, Apple has announced two new iPhones at the launch event.
Last year it was the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C giving a very clear upgrade path
for the power user but this year's line up was much more interesting and
exciting- and at the same time confusing for the [...]
The post Choosing between iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

For two years in a row, Apple has announced two new iPhones at the launch event.
Last year it was the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C giving a very clear upgrade path
for the power user but this year's line up was much more interesting and
exciting- and at the same time confusing for the power user. The iPhone 6 and
the iPhone 6 Plus are both incredible phones and deciding between them is not an
easy task.

Let's start with the size- the iPhone has always been easy to use with just one
hand. With the new models, you're now looking at two phones with much larger
screen sizes. The iPhone 6 has the screen sized bumped up from 4-inches to
4.7-inches which makes it just borderline usable for someone like me with one
hand. The iPhone 6 Plus on the other hand has a 5.5-inch screen, strictly making
it a two-handed device.

For many who prefer the portability of the iPhone 5, one would assume that the
4.7-inch model is the preferred one but I know quite a few people that have the
iPhone and an iPad and are looking to combine both devices into one so for them
the iPhone 6 Plus is more appealing with the bigger screen size.

Besides the larger screen the other advantage the iPhone 6 Plus brings is the
larger battery. On the iPhone 6, the battery size is 1810mAh which is slightly
larger than the iPhone 5S that had a capacity of 1560mAh. What that means is
that if couldn't go through an entire day of using your old iPhone without
charging it at some point, there's a good chance that the iPhone 6 won't change
that.

The iPhone 6 Plus on the other hand has a 2915 mAh battery which is rather
beefy. On paper, that's over 60% more capacity than the iPhone 6 so
theoretically speaking, if your iPhone 6 could get 10 hours, the iPhone 6 Plus
should get your 16 hours. While I haven't tested the iPhone 6 Plus, most reports
on it state that the battery does last a long time- surely a day and for some,
almost two days.

Besides size and battery, the last difference between the two devices, as far as
hardware is concerned, is the addition of Optical Image Stabilization on the
iPhone 6 Plus. OIS has been available on many phones and it helps against the
shaking hands when using the camera which results in less blurry shots.
Depending on the lighting condition, you could see some improvement with your
photos on the iPhone 6 Plus but it's not a deal-breaking feature because the
camera on the iPhone 6 is pretty impressive.

So there you have it when it comes to hardware differences between the two new
iPhones and hopefully you now have a clearer idea on which one to get. Both the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are available through du and can be ordered
online with a special promotion of getting six months of free usage of one of
their awesome plans.

The post Choosing between iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

iPhone 6 goes on sale in China's Taiwan

LENGTH: 408  words


Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan.

A staff member displays new iPhone 6 smartphones at an Apple premium reseller's
shop in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

Mr.Chen (L), the first buying an iPhone 6 Plus, poses for photos at an iPhone
release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

Mr.Chen, the first buying an iPhone 6 Plus, poses for photos at an iPhone
release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

A tent is seen at an iPhone release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan,
late Sept 25, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in
Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People line up to buy new iPhone 6 smartphones at an iPhone release event in
Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, late Sept 25, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People buy iPhone 6 smartphones at an iPhone release event in Taipei, Southeast
China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on
sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People line up to buy new iPhone 6 smartphones outside a store in Taipei,
Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 27, 2014

iPhone 6 goes on sale in China's Taiwan

LENGTH: 408  words


Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan.

A staff member displays new iPhone 6 smartphones at an Apple premium reseller's
shop in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

Mr.Chen (L), the first buying an iPhone 6 Plus, poses for photos at an iPhone
release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

Mr.Chen, the first buying an iPhone 6 Plus, poses for photos at an iPhone
release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

A tent is seen at an iPhone release event in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan,
late Sept 25, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in
Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People line up to buy new iPhone 6 smartphones at an iPhone release event in
Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, late Sept 25, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People buy iPhone 6 smartphones at an iPhone release event in Taipei, Southeast
China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on
sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

People line up to buy new iPhone 6 smartphones outside a store in Taipei,
Southeast China's Taiwan, early Sept 26, 2014. Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale on Friday in Taiwan. [Photo/Xinhua]

iPhone 6 smuggling bid busted
Passenger transport starts on Tibet's new railway

Jewelry stores try many stunts to promote gold

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus To Hit Indian Markets On 17 October (Update)

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 350  words


Pricing details are not yet available for Indian markets for these "thinner than
ever before" iPhones.

Wednesday, September 10, 2014: Your wait for Apple iPhone 6 will be over soon.
Apple's latest launch, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones, will be available
in India from 17 October, as per Apple India' website. However, earlier it was
announced that, both variants of iPhone 6 will be available in the country from
26 September.

Pricing details are not yet available for Indian markets, though. But in the US
iPhone 6 will start at $649 (INR 39,500) and the iPhone 6 Plus will debut at the
price of $749 (INR 45,600). iPhone sports 11.94-cm (4.7-inch) screen and iPhone
6 Plus will have a 13.97-cm (5.5-inch) display. With iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
Apple has made the thinnest devices ever. As iPhone 6 is powered by the new A8
processor, it is expected to be 50 per cent more energy efficient which will
lead to higher sustained performance.

The two iPhone 6 models sport an 8MP iSight camera with phase detection feature.
iPhone 6 is also capable of capturing 43MP panorama photos. iPhone 6 and 6 Plus'
Power button is on the side and it features a barometer sensor that can measure
relative elevation. The battery life of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is relatively better
than iPhone 5S. iPhone 6 will deliver 3G talk time of 14 hours and run 10 hours
if the user is browsing the internet on 3G and 4G networks. On the other hand,
iPhone 6 Plus, will offer 3G talk time of 24 hours and 12 hours of web browsing
on 3G and 4G. Apple's two new iPhones will also provide support to a new mobile
payment system called Apple Pay. Users will be able to pay their bills on retail
stores by simply tapping their smartphones on the payment terminals.

Now the October 17 launch date means the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be
available around the time of Diwali. While unveiling the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, Apple chief Tim Cook said the company was launching "the biggest
advancement in the history of iPhones." Apple senior vice president Phil
Schiller spoke at the event, "These are the best phones ever made."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Size does matter, after all;
Apple has made a U-turn on its stand on small screens with the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. TREVOR TAN finds out if bigger is really better

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Apple

LENGTH: 1151 words


iOS 8

Both iPhones come with iOS 8, which has many news features.

One of these upgrades is the built-in predictive QuickType Keyboard. It was
quite good in predicting what I wanted to type, making it faster for me to write
text or e-mail messages.

You can also install third-party predictive keyboards such as SwiftKey (free) or
Swype ($1.28). Once you download the keyboards, go to Settings >General
>Keyboard >Keyboards. At Add Keyboard function, you will find SwiftKey or Swype
available.

Android users who are reading this are probably laughing now as they have had
this feature for a long time. But better late than never. I found Swype to be
really superb, as it allows me to slide my finger across the virtual keyboard
instead of typing letter by letter. And it almost always got me the word I
wanted and predicted the next one intelligently.

You can now record and send audio or video messages within iMessages. You can
set these audio and video clips to expire after two minutes. Listening to the
audio clips is particularly cool, as you can just put the headset to your ear to
hear the message instead of tapping a play button.

For iPhone 6 Plus, the icons in the Home screen will rotate to match the
orientation of the display in landscape mode. In this mode, iPhone 6 Plus apps
such as iMessages and Mail will show two panels: one, a list of messages; and
the other, the selected message.

The Health app, which relies considerably on third-party apps for information,
is hampered by delays till the end of the month because of a bug in the
HealthKit framework.

Certain features, such as Continuity, will come in handy only when the new OS X
Yosemite launches. Continuity lets you continue typing an e-mail message or
viewing a website when you switch from iPhone to Mac, for example.

Display

The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD display with a screen resolution of
1,334 x 750 pixels and a pixel density of 326 pixels per inch (ppi).

The iPhone 6 Plus has the same display as its sibling. However, it is
substantially bigger at 5.5 inches and has a resolution of 1,920 x 1,080 pixels.
This gives it a pixel density of 401ppi, the highest ever in an iPhone.

Its rivals the Samsung Galaxy S5 and the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 4 have
432ppi and 550ppi respectively.

Apple said the Retina HD displays are made of ion-strengthened glass, which is
more resistant to scratching and shattering.

Both displays use the same technology that is supposed to give you a better
viewing experience, with deeper blacks and sharper text.

Dual-domain pixels ensure colour accuracy from corner to corner for a wider
viewing angle, while an improved built-in polariser lets you see the screen more
clearly when you are outdoors in sunlight.

Both displays looked sharp. I saw very little colour or brightness shift when
viewing both displays from the side. Even when you are outdoors, you will be
able to see what is displayed clearly.

Because the iPhone 6 Plus has a bigger screen, its display looks brighter and
sharper even though it has the same brightness level and its pixel density is
only marginally higher than that of the iPhone 6. Photos and videos all look
much better on this display than on the smaller iPhone.

I think the bigger screen of the iPhone 6 Plus accentuates the whole viewing
experience. In addition, the extra real estate provides ample space for virtual
buttons while leaving enough to display the main action.

Design

The flat sides and chamfered edges of the iPhone 5/5s are things of the past. In
the new iPhones, the front glass panel curves around the edges for a smooth and
seamless meeting with the rounded edges of the anodised aluminium shell, a
perfect union of glass and metal.

The rear sheds the two-tone look of its predecessors for a more uniform colour.
Only the antenna band is slightly different in colour.

The Sleep/Wake button has migrated from the top to the right side of the device,
for easier access with your right thumb.

The volume buttons, which were round in the iPhone 5s, are now elongated like
those found on the iPad Air. Rounded edges make it comfortable to hold either of
the new iPhones in your hand.

However, the iPhone 6 is much better for one-hand operation for most people.
Being smaller, it lets you access the buttons more easily.

While it may not be as easy to use the iPhone 6 Plus with one hand, a feature
that Apple terms Readability lets you move the screen down by double tapping the
Home button for better one-hand operation.

Some of my colleagues who handled the iPhone 6 Plus had trouble reaching the
Home button to activate this feature. I think most people may end up using the
iPhone 6 Plus with both hands.

Speed

With an upgraded 64-bit A8 chip, both new iPhones operate much more speedily
than earlier models when you open apps, browse the Internet or view photos and
videos.

In the Geekbench 3 benchmark tests, the iPhone 6 scored 1,625 (single-core) and
2,921 (multi-core) while the iPhone 6 Plus scored 1,621 (single-core) and 2,914
(multi-core). So it is a tie in terms of performance. Where it took 20sec to
load Infinity Blade III on the iPhone 5s, both the new iPhones loaded the game
in about 9sec.

Camera

Both the new iPhones have the same 8-megapixel f/2.2 rear camera and can shoot
slow-motion video at 240 frames per second (fps), instead of the iPhone 5s
camera's 120fps.

Pictures and videos shot by both new iPhones were sharp with crisp details, even
in the darker areas of the image.

The iPhone 6 Plus has an optical image stabiliser which reduces the effect of
camera shake. This is more effective than the digital image stabiliser of the
iPhone 6. As a result, action videos shot with the iPhone 6 Plus look more
stable and less jerky than those shot with the iPhone 6.

I found the autofocusing to be faster in the iPhone 6 Plus than the iPhone 6.
This was especially so when shooting in dim conditions.

Battery life

Apple has not specified the capacity of the battery. But iPhone 6 Plus is
supposed to provide 24 hours of 3G talk time (16 days on standby), while the
iPhone 6 is supposed to have 14 hours of 3G talk time (10 days on standby).

In my tests, which included viewing Facebook and Twitter updates, e-mail
messages and sending WhatsApp messages, I found that you would probably need to
charge your iPhone 6 by the time you get home from work, whereas you should only
need to charge your iPhone 6 Plus when you go to bed.

In our intensive battery life test in which a 720p video is looped at full
brightness and full volume with Wi-Fi on, the iPhone 6 lasted 6hr 55min, while
the iPhone 6 Plus lasted 7hr 35min. In the same test, the iPhone 5s clocked 6hr
45min.

If your hands are of average size, the iPhone 6 should suffice. But if you
prefer a larger display and a longer battery life, the iPhone 6 Plus is a must.
If you are undecided, go and handle both iPhones at a shop before you make your
choice.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

Three leading operators launch iPhone 6 and 6 Plus after pre-ordering on Oct 24

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 710 words


Asina Pornwasin

The Nation

The country's three leading mobile operators yesterday officially launched the
much-awaited iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smart-phone models in Thailand.

The companies had allowed people to pre-order the devices on their websites on
October 24.

Pakorn Pannachet, senior vice president, Market Division, at Total Access
Communication (DTAC), said the company was offering six promotions â[#x20ac]"
together dubbed the "Six Pack" â[#x20ac]" for customers who buy an iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus.

DTAC's highlight package is called the "Up Package", which allows customer who
buy one of the newly available iPhones on 12-month packages of Bt890, Bt1,499 or
Bt1,999 per month to receive huge discounts of between Bt19,000 and Bt28,500
when they exchange their device to buy a new smart phone after the period
expires.

"Customers can trade in for a new smart phone, either a new iPhone or another
brand, with DTAC," said Pakorn.

The iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus that they want to trade in in the future has to be
in good condition and complete with accessories, otherwise the discount will be
reduced.

"During two days, October 31 to November 1, some 1,700 customers will receive
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus from us â[#x20ac]" 1,200 people in Bangkok and about 100
each at our five centres in the provinces," he said yesterday.

More people have placed orders for the iPhone 6 due to its 64-gigabyte size,
with the 128GB and 16GB being the next most popular models.

The "Up Package" is expected to help raise DTAC's post-paid average revenue per
user from the current level of Bt600, with the positive impact being felt in the
next six to nine months," the executive added.

DTAC now has 3.5 million post-paid customers, of which 80 per cent use wireless
data service.

By the end of the year, he said, the company aimed to have sold the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus in the hundreds of thousands. "We got more than 20,000 pre orders in just
two hours on October 24," said Pakorn.

First and best 4G LTE service

True Move H, meanwhile, arranged an event for its official launch of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus after midnight on Thursday.

Papon Ratanachaikanont, group executive director and executive assistant to the
CEO at True Corp, said TrueMove H was excited about bringing the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus to its customers, and enabling them to enjoy the best devices with
Thailand's "first and best 4G LTE service" in Bangkok and 14 major cities.

"With the unique combination of 4G LTE, the largest nationwide 3G and Wi-Fi
networks, exclusive apps and content for our subscribers, TrueMove H is ready to
offer users an unparalleled and optimum mobile Internet experience on the iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus," he said.

In addition, the iPhone 5s will be available starting at Bt20,700, and the
iPhone 5c from Bt14,900.

True Move H unveiled its prices for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus â[#x20ac]"
device only, without package â[#x20ac]" as starting from Bt25,550 for the former
with 16GB, and Bt37,300 for the latter with 128GB.

The prices are a little higher than those available for the same models on
Apple's online store, which offers starting prices of Bt24,900 and Bt36,900.

Meanwhile, the same models from True Move H are Bt300 and Bt600 lower,
respectively, than Apple's online prices.

Advanced Info Service (AIS) yesterday also announced its promotions with the
official launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is now available at AIS shops and authorised Telewiz outlets
nationwide at the starting price of Bt2,480 per month for the 16GB model, while
the iPhone 6 Plus will be available from Bt2,865 monthly for the 16GB model
â[#x20ac]" both on 10-month instalment packages.

Customers can pre-order both models now at www.ais.co.th/iphone6.

AIS customers will be able to connect the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to its
reliable 3G network, said Titipong Khiewpaisal, senior vice president for
marketing.

AIS is pleased to bring the world-class iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to Apple fans
all over Thailand, he said, adding that the new iPhones, combined with AIS's
high-quality network, customer service and valuable packages, will meet the
digital lifestyles and shifting demands of today's customers.

In addition, the iPhone 5s will be available starting at Bt2,010 per month, also
on a 10-month instalment basis.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 19, 2014 6:30 AM EST

You can now pre-order your iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus at Grabmore.in

LENGTH: 415  words


You can now pre-order your iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus at Grabmore.in

~ iPhone 6 (16GB) is priced Rs. 54,999 and iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) at Rs. 59,999 ~

Chennai, September 18, 2014: One of the fastest growing USA and Europe products
selling e-commerce portal Grabmore.in recently announced that reducing further
more price for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus and is now available on the portal for
the customers. While iPhone 6 (16GB) is priced Rs. 54,999, iPhone 6 Plus (16GB)
is priced at Rs. 59,999. The website also offers 'free shipping' along with
'Grabmore One-year global warranty' which covers replacement and refund for
these products. A free Discount Gift Voucher worth Rs.500/- is also available on
the purchase of iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus from the e-commerce site.

Cost of iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus on Grabmore.in -


             16 GB     64 GB     128 GB
iPhone 6     Rs.       Rs.       Rs.
             54,999    59,999    64,999
iPhone 6     Rs.       Rs.       Rs.
Plus         59,999    64,999    70,999

Speaking on Grabmore Executive Director Mr. Satish Das said, "Last year, when
the iPhone 5s was launched, customers were very eager to own it immediately.
Realising the high demand for iPhones in the country, this year too we are
bringing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus for our customers. Interestingly, we
will be shipping these products from the US itself as we want our customers to
feel highly satisfied with their shopping experience with us."

There are several easy payment options available to enable customers grab the
latest iPhone such as payment through 'Credit/Debit card/ Online transfer/ Bank
Deposit/ DD or Cheque'.  The portal also offers payment through EMI for certain
banks.

iPhone 6 will be launched in the US and elsewhere on September 19 and in India
on November. The products purchased through Grabmore.in are expected to be
delivered between November 01, 2014 and November 13, 2014.

To grab your latest iPhone, please visit -

http://www.grabmore.in/apple-iphone-6.html

About Grabmore

Grabmore.in is one of the first to offer USA & Europe products in India at
feasible price points. The website's outstanding features include highly
automated supply chain system and globally managed market place.  Simply put,
buyers get access to shop excitng products that are available from other parts
of the world.

It's key categories include Electronics, Home Appliances, Kitchenware,
Computers, ebook readers, tablet PCs, laptops, Health And Beauty, Baby Clothing
And Accessories, Jewelery, Music and mp3 players, mobile phones and accessories,
Office Products, Watches, Etc.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2014 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

iPhone 6S vs iPhone 6S Plus - Which one would you pick?

LENGTH: 530  words


By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

I was quite pleased with Apple's decision to go with a 4.7-inch screen with the
iPhone 6 last year and ordered one almost immediately. Apple also introduced the
iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display targeted towards people that prefer a
phablet. Having played with the Samsung Galaxy Note series and other larger
phones, I knew that the larger sized screen was not for me. And yet, here I am,
using the iPhone 6 Plus as my primary phone a year later.

So what made me switch? Well, there are three key difference between the regular
and plus models. First and the most obvious is the larger screen with a higher
resolution. It makes watching videos and playing games more fun. It also makes
the two-handed typing experience much better. That being said, the iPhone 6 Plus
requires both hands to operate. The bumps on my iPhone are proof that using it
with one hand one can be hazardous to your health. But the larger screen isn't
the reason I switched.

The second difference is the presence of Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS) on
the camera which helps prevent shaky videos and possibly blurry images. Having
used the regular iPhone 6 for about two months, I can definitely say that the
camera on the iPhone 6 Plus takes better pictures and videos. While OIS was a
strong reason in my consideration to switch to the iPhone 6 Plus, it wasn't the
primary reason.

What did make me switch was the horrendous battery life on the iPhone 6. During
the two months I was using the iPhone 6, more often than not, I'd end up with a
dead battery by 6PM. At first I thought I might have gotten a bad unit because I
remember my iPhone 5S lasting longer. But that was not the case. I replaced the
first unit and the second iPhone 6 was equally bad.

I need my phone to last me until the night.

Thus I switched to the iPhone 6 Plus and while the size and weight of the device
still feels uncomfortable, the battery easily lasts a day or more. Now with the
announcement of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, I am tempted to go back to the
smaller iPhone. Why do you ask?

Well, I passed the iPhone 6 to my wife and with iOS updates, the battery life on
it has gotten considerably better. It usually lasts her until bedtime although
there is a day or two each fortnight when she needs to charge it in the middle
of the day. I could live with that.

Apple has also improved the camera in the new set of iPhones, moving to 12
Megapixels and a new sensor. My guess is that that iPhone 6S should take better
pictures- possibly as good as the current iPhone 6 Plus. Yes, the new iPhone 6S
Plus might take better pictures but I'll be sold as long as the 6S can produce
results comparable to the previous generation of Plus.

Finally, with 3D Touch, the new pair of iPhones is heavier than the previous
generation. The table below compares to the two models.

I'd much rather move to a lighter phone than a heavier one. My iPhone 6 Plus
already has a few bumps and I imagine a heavier device would be more accident
prone- at least in my hands. So now that I've decided which size to go for, the
next challenge is the colour. And no, Rose Gold is not for me.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/57/144222775224.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Everything you need to know about iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 325  words


It's already official that you can now get the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus before
Diwali. Apple will start selling in India from Friday, October 17. However, the
buyers will have to pre-order to get it on the launch date. From Tuesday,
interested buyers can pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at any authorised
Apple shop.

The Apple iPhone 6 16GB is priced Rs. 53,500, the 64GB at Rs. 62,500 and 128GB
at Rs. 71,500. The Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB is priced Rs. 62,500, 64GB at Rs.
71,500 and 128GB at Rs. 80,500.

To pre-order, buyers will have to visit any authorised Apple shop and book the
desired iPhone version by specifying the model, colour and storage version. The
pre-booking will be confirmed with a token, which will given to the buyer.
Officially, the entire pre-booking process is free. Customers are not required
to pay any sort of booking or confirmation amount.

Once pre-booked, buyers can walk into the store any time on October 17 and buy
the booked iPhone model by paying the total price. Pre-booking assures launch
day delivery.

If you wish to buy online, then Infibeam.com is the only legit choice. Infibeam
is the only Internet reseller in India which is authorised by Apple to sell
iPhones online. Infibeam is assuring launch day deliver across major cities in
India on pre-booking.

Apple partner Ingram Micro has announced that it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus at leading modern trade stores and retail outlets across India beginning
from 12:01am on October 17. Several other stores have also decided to start the
iPhone 6 sales from midnight of the launch day.

Click here to get a quick look at the new features of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

All stories related to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Prices:


                   16 GB     64 GB     128 GB
Apple iphone 6     Rs.       Rs.       Rs.
                   53,500    62,500    71,500
Apple iPhone 6     Rs.       Rs.       Rs.
Plus               62,500    71,500    80,500

So, which one do you prefer to buy- iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus? Share your views
at the comment section below.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                            November 9, 2014 Sunday
                              Natal Metro Edition

Battery and camera give iPhone 6 Plus the edge

BYLINE: Deon Govender

SECTION: SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 432  words


Gadget Guy. . Battery and camera give iPhone 6 Plus the edge

DEON GOVENDER finds that bigger can be better in the world of the Apple addict

FRIDAY October 24 was like Christmas for many Apple fans in South Africa when
the new iPhone became available.

Two years ago, during the Christmas period, I was one of many who queued in the
iStore, waiting for the iPhone 5.

At that time it was the coolest and best phone available.

Blackberry was out, leaving the cellphone war to be waged between Apple and
Samsung.

I will admit, Samsung has very cool phones and the S5 is the most sought-after
phone this year.

But all that may change.

The people at Apple were smart when they designed the iPhone 6.

They needed to make a phone that targets Samsung or LG users, and by that I mean
a phone with a bigger screen display.

That brings us to the two versions of the Apple phones - the iPhone 6 and the
iPhone 6 Plus.

What is the difference?

I was lucky to test both phones before I bought one.

First, size is the difference:

iPhone 6: Curved aluminium, gold or light/dark silver, 6.9mm thick, 129g.

iPhone 6 Plus: Curved aluminium, gold or light/dark silver, 7.1mm thick, 172g.

The screens are also different. The iPhone 6 looks like the Mini-Me of the
iPhone 6 Plus; it's like the equivalent of the Samsung S5 and the S5 mini. Some
say the iPhone 6 Plus is a smaller version of the iPad mini.

Both phones are slim.

Most people will go for the iPhone 6 because it is a comfortable size, but
before you do, I have to share a few other points to ponder.

The iPhone 5's weak point was the poor battery life and you needed a car charger
to make it last through the day. The iPhone 6 is slightly better, but I can
vouch for the iPhone 6 Plus. It lasted a whole day with frequent use, including
social media and e-mails.

If you have settled on an iPhone 6, don't read any further because the details
might depress you.

This is how they differ:

iPhone 6: 4.7-inch 1334 x 750, Retina HD LCD.

iPhone 6 Plus: 5.5-inch 1920 x 1080 LCD, optimisation in landscape.

So the iPhone 6 Plus comes with a much bigger screen.

The 6 Plus also has a better display, but you have to look hard to notice.

E-mails and social media look amazing.

Both phones come with an 8 megapixel camera, but there is an important
difference between them.

The iPhone 6 Plus comes with optical image stabilisation - no more shaking or
blurry pictures.

The storage space for both phones range from 16 to 128 gig.

Both are available in the colours mentioned above.

Choose a phone you need. If it's for business, I suggest you go for the 6Plus.
But the iPhone 6 will never disappoint.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

LENGTH: 583  words


Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

The iPhone 6 is available in gold, silver and grey with a suggested retail price
of 5,288 yuan ($860.16) for the cheapest model with 16GB of storage. The iPhone
6 Plus, in the same colors, costs 6,088 yuan for the cheapest model, also with
16GB of storage. The most expensive iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB storage is priced
at 7,788 yuan.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were released on Sept 19 in the United States and
elsewhere. Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 handsets in the first weekend
after their launch, which excluded the Chinese mainland. Apple said its new
iPhones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year.

Apple employees prepare for sale of newly released iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the
Apple store in Beijing, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyers line up outside a branch of China Telecom to buy Apple iPhone 6
and 6 Plus smartphones in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyers play mah-jong as they queue up overnight outside a branch of
China Unicom to buy iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones in Shanghai, October 16,
2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

People wait for the release of Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus outside a branch
of China Telecom in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Employees wait for customers to buy the newly released iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at a
branch of China Telecom in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Man shows his iPhone 6 pre-order confirmation in Hangzhou, East China's Jiangsu
province, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones are displayed at a branch of China Telecom in
Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyer shows his Apple iPhone 6 Plus smartphone at a branch of China
Telecom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Man holds up his iPhone 6 Plus after he became the first customer to purchase it
at a branch of China Unicom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyer shows iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones at a branch of China Unicom
in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                October 17, 2014

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

LENGTH: 583  words


Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

The iPhone 6 is available in gold, silver and grey with a suggested retail price
of 5,288 yuan ($860.16) for the cheapest model with 16GB of storage. The iPhone
6 Plus, in the same colors, costs 6,088 yuan for the cheapest model, also with
16GB of storage. The most expensive iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB storage is priced
at 7,788 yuan.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were released on Sept 19 in the United States and
elsewhere. Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 handsets in the first weekend
after their launch, which excluded the Chinese mainland. Apple said its new
iPhones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year.

Apple employees prepare for sale of newly released iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the
Apple store in Beijing, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyers line up outside a branch of China Telecom to buy Apple iPhone 6
and 6 Plus smartphones in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyers play mah-jong as they queue up overnight outside a branch of
China Unicom to buy iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones in Shanghai, October 16,
2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

People wait for the release of Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus outside a branch
of China Telecom in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Employees wait for customers to buy the newly released iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at a
branch of China Telecom in Shanghai, October 16, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Man shows his iPhone 6 pre-order confirmation in Hangzhou, East China's Jiangsu
province, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones are displayed at a branch of China Telecom in
Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyer shows his Apple iPhone 6 Plus smartphone at a branch of China
Telecom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Man holds up his iPhone 6 Plus after he became the first customer to purchase it
at a branch of China Unicom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

Chinese buyer shows iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones at a branch of China Unicom
in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

Air China's first Boeing 747-8 set to take off
Unusual goods sold by vending machines
"Hello Kitty" marks 40th anniversay

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                     PalFX

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Etisalat to Offer iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus in UAE on September 27

LENGTH: 403 words


ABU DHABI--September 25, 2014--Etisalat today announced it will offer iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history, Starting
Saturday, September 27 in UAE. iPhone 6 will be available starting at AED 0
upfront for the 16GB model and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at AED 0
upfront for the 16GB model.  Etisalat will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
customers to connect to UAE's widest LTE network.
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,
featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays,
and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and
seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use. Both models
are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed A8 chip with second
generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast performance and
power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; and ultrafast
wireless technologies.

The new iPhones include iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store,
featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages
and Photos features, predictive typing for Apple's QuickType keyboard and Family
Sharing. iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of
your health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store files and access
them from anywhere.
"We know that our customers in the UAE can't wait to get their hands on iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, which set the standard for innovation and style," said Khaled
ElKhouly, Chief Marketing Officer at Etisalat. "At Etisalat, we are equally
excited to offer our customers smartphone plans designed to give them the
ultimate experience on iPhone and at a great value."
Pricing and details for iPhone:


Plan               Plan 1                Plan 2
Voice (minutes)    50 - Flexible*        1,000 - Local50 -
                                         Flexible*
SMS                0                     0
Data (MB)          1,000                 10,000
Contract Length    24 months             18 months
iPhone 6 16GB      AED 200/mo. for 24    AED 450/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 64GB      AED 225/mo. for 24    AED 475/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 128GB     AED 250/mo. for 24    AED 500/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 Plus 16GB AED 225/mo. for 24    AED 475/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 Plus 64GB AED 250/mo. for 24    AED 500/mo. for 18 mo.
                   mo.
iPhone 6 Plus      AED 275/mo. for 24    AED 525/mo. for 18 mo.
128GB              mo.

*Flexible minutes can be used for local or international calls.
For more information on iPhone, please visit: www.apple.com/iphone.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 1230


                Copyright 2014 PalFX Information Services FZ LLZ
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 priced at AED 2599, iPhone 6 Plus at AED 2999

LENGTH: 181  words


Earlier today, Etisalat posted that the iPhone 6 will be available in the UAE
from September 26. Apple's UAE store has September 27th set as the day when you
can order from the website which is one day later than Etisalat but pricing for
all models of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are posted [...]
The post iPhone 6 priced at AED 2599, iPhone 6 Plus at AED 2999 appeared first
on tbreak.ae.

Earlier today, Etisalat posted that the iPhone 6 will be available in the UAE
from September 26. Apple's UAE store has September 27th set as the day when you
can order from the website which is one day later than Etisalat but pricing for
all models of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are posted which are as follows


Model        16GB    64GB    128GB
iPhone 6     AED     AED     AED
             2599    2999    3399
iPhone 6     AED     AED     AED
Plus         2999    3399    3799

The new iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch screen while the iPhone 6 Plus has a
5.5-inch screen. Both the new iPhones come with Apple's latest A8 and M8
processors as well as enhanced cameras and NFC technology.

The post iPhone 6 priced at AED 2599, iPhone 6 Plus at AED 2999 appeared first
on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 15, 2014 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Big Waits For Big iPhone As Pre-Orders Get Hot Start; 3- Or 4-Week Waits
Indicated

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 523 words


Apple began taking pre-orders for its new smartphones on Friday, and the larger,
more expensive iPhone 6 Plus sold out quickly. Many buyers will have to wait
weeks to get the 5.5-inch screen model.

Apple likely gets higher profit margins from the larger-screen handset. Apple
stock is up more than 3% since its product unveiling Tuesday that besides the
iPhone 6 included the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch.

The new iPhones will be available on Sept. 19 in the U.S. and nine other
regions. But consumers trying to pre-order the new handsets were quickly met
with delays. The iPhone 6 Plus appears especially supply constrained, analysts
say.

Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White said Apple's website began taking orders
for the new phones at 4 a.m. Eastern time Friday, an hour later than past
pre-order start times. Expected delivery times for the iPhone 6 Plus soon
lengthened, even more so at websites for carriers AT&T,Verizon and Sprint, he
said in a note Friday.

On Friday afternoon, Apple was showing shipping times of seven to 10 days for
some models of the iPhone 6, and three to four weeks for all models of the
iPhone 6 Plus. AT&T's online store showed shipping times of 21 to 35 business
days for some models of the iPhone 6.

AT&T said iPhone 6 Plus handsets ordered Friday afternoon wouldn't ship until
between Nov.2 and 27.

Still, both Apple and AT&T listed certain colors and data storage configurations
of the iPhone 6 as available on launch day.

The scarcity of the iPhone 6 Plus could be as much to do with shortages from
manufacturing issues as with consumer demand, Wells Fargo Securities analyst
Maynard Umsaid in a note Friday.

If the preference toward the iPhone 6 Plus holds, it could provide a boost to
Apple's profits, Um said. The iPhone 6 Plus costs $100 more than the iPhone 6,
but the additional bill of materials for the device couldbe less than $100, he
said.

Um, however, expects a shift later to lower-cost models.

"Early adopters seem to have a tendency to buy 'up,' "he said. Global Equities
Research analyst Trip Chowdhry surveyed 150-plus attendees at three tech
conferences in San Francisco this week to gauge interest in the iPhone 6.

Demand for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus "will likely be extremely strong," at least
among the technorati, he said.

Based on the survey, Chowdhry expects the majority of the iPhone users to
upgrade to the iPhone 6 lineup. And 30% of Google Android phone users surveyed
said they might switch to the iPhone 6, he said.

Survey respondents said the addition of the Apple Pay service to iPhone 6 is a
key reason to move to the new handset, Chowdhry said. Apple Pay lets users make
retail purchases with a wave of their phone instead of swiping a plastic credit
card.

Also, interested iPhone 6 buyers said they are most likely to get handsets with
64 gigabytes of data storage rather than the base models that come with 16 GB.
Apple gets more profit from phones with higher amounts of flash memory.

"The price difference between a 16 GB iPhone 6 and a 64 GB iPhone 6 is $100. Our
research indicates that the bill of materials probably increases only by about
$10 to $15," Chowdhry said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 11:47 AM GMT

iPhone 6 release date, price, specs and features revealed;
Apple confirmed the price and release date of iPhone 6 last night at a huge
launch event in California. Here's everything you need to know about the new
devices

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 850 words


Apple iPhone 6: Pricing and release date confirmed for Apple's all new smart
phone

Apple finally revealed the iPhone 6 last night in a packed launch event in
California.

As expected, the tech giant unveiled two models of the new device - the iPhone 6
and the larger iPhone 6 Plus - which has an improved camera, bigger screen and
better battery life.

Rabid Apple fans have already started camping outside the company's flagship
stores in London and around the world, eager to be among the first to own the
new devices.

Here's all the information we have about the new iPhones, including when and how
you'll be able to get your hands on one!iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Apple unveiled two models of iPhone last night. The 4.7" iPhone 6 is their
standard model, and is the direct descendant of the iPhone 5S.

The iPhone 6 Plus, while containing most of the same innards as the 6, is a
different beast in many ways. Designed to hit the part of the smartphone market
dominated by big-screen phones like Samsung's Galaxy Note, it has a huge 5.5"
screen - the biggest an iPhone has ever had by far.

There are also differences to battery life and performance, and a slightly
upgraded camera - but in all other respects the devices are the same.Release
date

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in stores from 8am on September
19th.

Most mobile networks will be taking pre-orders from 8am on September
12th.Options

As with the iPhone 5s, the 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in Silver, Space
Grey, and gold. All three colours will be available at launch.

The storage options have been upgraded for the 6 and 6 Plus. The base storage
remains at 16GB, but above that it jumps to 64GB. A new 128GB option has been
introduced, and the 32GB option has been removed.

The iPhone 5S is still available in 16GB and 32GB, and the 5C is still available
with 8GB.Price

The networks haven't begun announcing their subsidised prices yet, but here's
how much an unlocked 6 or 6 Plus will set you back if you buy it direct from
Apple.

iPhone 6 pricing

iPhone 6 Plus pricing

To give an idea of how much the subsidy is likely to be, here's what it'll cost
in the States to buy one on a two year contract. $199 is about £123.40.

iPhone 6 US pricing

iPhone 6 Plus US pricing  Screen

The new screens aren't just bigger, Apple say they're better too.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7" screen with the same 326 pixels-per-inch (ppi)
resolution as the 5S - but a vastly improved contrast ratio and wider viewing
angle.

The iPhone 6 Plus, though, is a different beast entirely. It has a huge 5.5"
screen with an increased 401ppi resolution, which will result in sharper images.

If you're thinking the screen might be too big for your thumb to reach the top,
worry not. A quick double touch on the phone's home button will temporarily
slide everything down the display to put it within the reach of your
digits.Camera

The improvements to the iPhone's camera are always among the highlights of Apple
events, and this time was no exception.

The new range hold a respectable 8MP sensor, with 'focus pixels' to allow
quicker auto-focus - a feature you'd expect to find on higher end cameras.

It'll do 43 megapixel panorama shots, too and the optical image stabiliser in
the 6 Plus will allow for much sharper photos in low light,

But the most impressive feature of all is the slow motion function. It goes
beyond the solid, day-to-day functions of the camera - to something that seems
almost magical. It was the feature you wanted to show off to your friends when
it was introduced in iOS 7, and it's even better now it'll take more
frames-per-second.

Apple iPhone 6: Slo-mo video revealed at 240 fps  Battery life

Apple say they've improved the iPhone 6 battery in "every metric" compared to
the iPhone 5S.

The two new models  will have equal or better battery life than the previous
handset in every category, Apple's Phil Schiller said.

The iPhone 6 will be able to support 50 hours of audio playback - up from 40
hours on the iPhone 5s; 11 hours of video, up from 10 hours with the previous
model; and 11 hours of WiFi browsing, also up from 10 hours.

The larger iPhone 6 Plus will support 80 hours of music listening, 14 hours of
video, and 12 hours of WiFi browsing.Digital payments

Apple Pay is only out in the States for now, but the tech giant are hoping it
leads to them revolutionising the payments industry in the same way they did the
music industry.

A lofty goal, but with shares in Paypal dipping sharply after it was announced,
it's clear people think Apple can pull it off.

Apple Pay lets you tie your credit or debit card to your iPhone and/or Apple
Watch, so you can make payments with a single tap.

Apple say the system is secure. Each transaction is made directly between you
and the merchant, so Apple never see how much you've spent and what on.

Also, if you leave your phone somewhere, you can just suspend Apple Pay using
Find My iPhone, without having to go through the hassle of cancelling your
credit card.

Now we just have to wait for Mastercard, Visa and American Express to adopt it
in this country...and for retailers over here to follow suit.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Apple Responds to Complaints of Bending in iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: By MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BITS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 497 words


Updated, 8:59 p.m. |

Social media channels have overflowed this week with commentary on whether
Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure, particularly in a pants pocket.

Turns out actual complaints to the company, at least so far, are much less
prevalent.

''With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus,'' Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said in a statement. ''IPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure
everyday, real life use.''

The statement comes after some early adopters complained that the new iPhone 6
Plus, which is significantly larger than previous generations of the iPhone, was
permanently bending from simply being carried in a pocket for long periods of
time.

After one new iPhone 6 Plus owner on Tuesday complained that his phone warped
after sitting in his front pants pocket during a long drive, the story was
quickly picked up by technology blogs and news outlets.

Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs Unbox Therapy, a YouTube channel dedicated to
showcasing the latest tech hardware, filmed himself straining to bend an iPhone
6 Plus with his bare hands. The video has been viewed more than 25 million times
in less than two days.

Apple performs ''rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle
including three-point bending, pressure-point cycling, sit, torsion and user
studies,'' according to Ms. Muller. ''IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed
all of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use.''

As Apple has grown bigger and more successful, it has also become a bigger
target for criticism. The company says it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones over the first three days of release, a new record for
the company.

Some of the attention is self-inflicted, however. In 2010, early buyers of the
iPhone 4 reported problems with the device's cellular antenna, which caused
dropped calls due to the design of the phone. An Apple executive responsible for
the project left the company over the incident.

And this week, Apple released a software update to the iPhone that was supposed
to fix some early bugs in an updated version of its mobile operating system, iOS
8. The update made some users' phones unable to make or receive calls, and also
rendered the touch identification technology software useless, according to
reports.

Apple quickly withdrew the software update about an hour after it was released
on Wednesday.

On Thursday evening, Apple issued another update to its operating system, along
with a mea culpa: ''We apologize for inconveniencing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus users who were impacted by the bug,'' the company said in a statement.
Fewer than 40,000 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users were affected by the previous
faulty update, according to Apple.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/09/25/apple-responds-to-complaints-of-bent-
iphones/

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with bigger screens

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 543 words


NEW DELHI: Amidst much fanfare and anticipation, Apple on Tuesday unveiled two
new versions of its flagship smartphone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Both
smartphones will run on Apple's latest operating software, the iOS 8.

The iPhone 6 will be available at a starting price of $199 for the 16 GB
version. The price goes up to $399 for the 128 GB version. The iPhone 6 plus
starts at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64 GB and $499 for 128GB.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in stores from September 19.
The pre-orders will begin from September 12. Apple plans to make the new
smartphones available in 115 countries by the end of this year.

While Apple CEO Time Cook introduced the new iPhones, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to go through the finer details of the products. Both smartphones come
with 'Retina HD' displays and ion- strengthened glass. While the iPhone 6 sports
a 4.7 inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus will come with a larger 5.5 inch display.

The iPhone 6 is 6.8mm thin and the iPhone 6 Plus is 7.1mm thin. Both smartphones
boast of a new gesture for called 'reachability. This feature allows you to
double touch the home button and results in the whole display sliding down. This
is meant to allow the user to reach the top buttons.

Both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will run on Apple's A8 64 bit chip. The new chip
is 13% smaller than the A7. According to Schiller, this translates into 20%
faster CPU and 50% faster graphics.

The new iPhones have the power button on the side. Apple has made 1.3 million
apps available on their new smartphones.

While Apple claims that iPhone 6 Plus has 24 hours of 3G talk time, the iPhone 6
is said to have 14 hours of 3G talk time.

Both phones have an 8MP camera with 'True-tone flash',. 1.5 micron pixels. The
cameras have an iSight sensor."

\xA0

With these new cameras, panoramas can be up to 43 megapixels. Schiller said that
face detection and blink/smile detection is better too. The iPhone 6 has
'digital' image stabilization, whereas the iPhone 6 Plus has optical image
stabilization.

The iPhone 6 Plus has a different User Interface. It also boasts of new keyboard
keys for cut copy and paste.

Apple CEO Tim Cook began the keynote address by stating, "It is great to be back
in the Flint Center." Flint Centre is the place where Apple first introduced the
Macintosh. "Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of
iPhone," he declared.

Ahead of the event, Tim Cook tweeted, "Looking forward to a great day in
Cupertino! Join us at 10am Pacific."

Analysts have said that the new iPhones are likely to help Apple to gain market
share against mobiles running Google Inc's Android platform by offering
something that Apple previously lacked - larger screens.

Apple has invited top fashion editors and bloggers in unprecedented numbers to
its launch gala as it tries to forge closer ties to the fashion world that may
prove crucial to the success of a wearable device.

Earlier this year Apple had given a glimpse of its latest operating software the
iOS 8. The iOS 8 offers 'HomeKit' options. HomeKit aims to set up a system that
lets an iPhone or iPad serve as the remote control of an entire household
outfitted with an assortment of digital appliances.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

All geared for iPhone6 launch

BYLINE: Edwin Kee

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 791 words


IT goes without saying that the right kind of marketing, backed up with quality
hardware and service, is a winning formula not to be trifled with. However,
Apple has lost some of its sheen in recent times where the advancement of the
smartphone industry is concerned; other manufacturers such as Samsung, HTC,
Nokia and LG have taken the phablet route sometime back to resounding success.

Basically, a larger display is always welcome by consumers, since they can see
more and do more with their handset compared to Apple's reluctance to go beyond
the 4-inch display boundary.

Well, all of that has been put to bed now with Apple on the verge of rolling out
its iPhone 6 and larger - sized sibling, the iPhone 6 Plus, in Malaysia via
three of the major mobile carriers, Celcom, Maxis and DiGi.

Pre-orders have kicked off on the respective carriers' websites on Oct 3, and as
expected, the websites did experience heavy traffic, so much so that online
forums were awash with the frustrations of those who actually sacrificed part of
their sleep in order to snag an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus. If you happen to be
one of the lucky few who managed to sneak in your pre-order, then you can
certainly look forward to showing off your spanking new iPhone 6 come Nov 6.

First of all, let us have a closer look at the hardware specifications of each
of the iPhones, so that you more or less know what you will be getting for your
hard earned money.

The iPhone 6 will feature a 4.7 inch Retina HD display while the iPhone 6 Plus
will sport a larger 5.5 inch display. Shared hardware specifications include an
8.0MP iSight camera that boasts faster autofocus, full HD video recording
capability, and slow motion video at 240fps, Touch ID support for a greater
level of personal security on your device without having to rely too much on
passwords and PINs. Selfie lovers will most probably wish that the front-facing
camera pack in more megapixels than just 1.2MP though.

Underneath the hood, there will be the all new A8 chip touted to be faster than
its predecessor, the A7, not to mention being more energy efficient, alongside
1GB RAM and a non-removable lithium ion battery. Throw in a new M8 motion
co-processor, and you will be able to use the spanking new iPhone 6 to track
various aspects of your life, including travelling speed, distance and
elevation, among others. In order to keep up with the rest of the competition,
both iPhone 6 models sport NFC support - a staple in the Android powered
flagships for quite some time. It will be interesting to see just how Malaysian
business entities incorporate Apple Pay in the future.

Now might also be the time to jump aboard the 4G LTE bandwagon since you will be
able to take advantage of theoretical speeds of 150Mbps in the ideal
environment, not to mention having the standard WiFi connectivity thrown into
the mix. Last but not least, both models run on iOS 8 - the most advanced mobile
operating system in the world.

The iPhone 6 will be the lighter of the two, tipping the scales at 129g as
opposed to the iPhone 6 Plus' 172g. Of course, due to the difference in their
respective screen sizes, the iPhone 6 has a pixel density of 326 ppi, while the
5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus sports a 401 ppi pixel density.

As for which model to select, it really depends on your needs as well as amount
of usage. While getting a larger capacity iPhone 6 is always better if you can
afford it since there is a lack of expandable memory, perhaps coming to a
compromise by picking it up on contract instead of an unlocked model might be
well worth a tradeoff.

There have been concerns about the possibility of the iPhone 6 Plus actually
bending when placed at a certain angle in the pocket either in front or at the
back. There are also reported instances that blue denims discolour the plastic
strip of the iPhone 6 Plus. However, neither of these are expected to turn the
masses away.

Basically, you can choose between 16GB, 64GB and 128GB capacities for the iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus. While there is no detailed information on the breakdown of
how much an unlocked iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will cost, estimates point to
RM2,400 onwards for the 16GB iPhone 6 and all the way to RM3,200 for a 128GB
iPhone 6. The iPhone 6 Plus will probably start from RM2,750 for the 16GB model
and a whopping RM3,500 for the largest capacity model at 128GB, and all of these
come with a contract.

Certainly, it might be a solid piece of hardware with a proven mobile operating
system and app ecosystem, but is it really worth all that money for a
smartphone? I suppose the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus continue to push the idea
that the iPhone - more than just a smartphone - is a fashion statement in the
world of mobile technology.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple Announces iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 1055  words


Apple today announced iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in
iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new
dramatically thin and seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision
unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with [...]
The post Apple Announces iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on tbreak.ae.

Apple today announced iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in
iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new
dramatically thin and seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision
unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with the shaped
glass of the display, resulting in a completely smooth and continuous surface.
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are engineered to be the thinnest ever, delivering a
bigger display in a design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Packed with innovative new technologies, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus include: the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight® and
FaceTime® HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Pay[TM], an
easier way to simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a
finger.¹ Both models include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most
advanced mobile operating system, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive
user experience with new Messages and Photos features, QuickType[TM] keyboard, a
new Health app, Family Sharing and iCloud Drive[#x2120].

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,"
said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the
world with the highest customer satisfaction in the industry and we are making
it much better in every way. Only Apple can combine the best hardware, software
and services at this unprecedented level and we think customers are going to
love it."

For the first time iPhone is available in two new sizes: iPhone 6 features a
stunning 4.7-inch Retina® HD display with 1334 x 750 resolution, providing 38
percent more viewing area than iPhone 5s, while iPhone 6 Plus features an even
bigger 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 1920 x 1080 resolution, providing 88
percent more viewing area and nearly three times the pixels than iPhone 5s. The
Retina HD displays offer advanced technologies including higher contrast for
deeper blacks and dual-domain pixels for more accurate colors at wider viewing
angles.

With second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture, the all-new A8 chip
offers faster performance and is more energy efficient, delivering higher
sustained performance with great battery life. With Metal[TM], a new graphics
technology in iOS 8, developers can take performance of the A8 chip even further
to bring console-class 3D games to iPhone. The A8 chip also includes a new,
powerful Apple-designed image signal processor that enables advanced camera and
video features.
Both models include the M8 motion coprocessor that gathers motion data from the
accelerometer, gyroscope, compass and the new barometer, which senses air
pressure to provide relative elevation. The M8 motion coprocessor can
continuously measure your motion data, even when the device is asleep, saving
battery life for fitness apps that use the sensors all day. With iOS 8, motion
data from M8 appears in the Health app so you can see how many flights of stairs
you've climbed, or how far you've walked or run. Developers can use CoreMotion
APIs that take advantage of M8 and HealthKit to create apps that help you take
better care of your health and fitness.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus introduce Apple Pay, an easy way to securely pay for
physical goods and services in stores or apps with just the touch of a finger.
Users can pay securely and conveniently in stores by simply holding the phone
near the contactless reader while keeping a finger on Touch ID[TM]; there is no
need to unlock your iPhone or launch an app. With Apple Pay, you can also make
one-touch purchases within apps, without having to enter credit card or shipping
information. All payment information is kept private, encrypted and stored
securely in the Secure Element, a chip inside the new iPhones.



The iSight camera gets even better with a new sensor featuring Focus Pixels for
faster autofocus, making it easier to quickly capture any moment. iPhone 6 Plus
users will also benefit from optical image stabilization technology that
compensates for hand shake in low light and works with iOS 8 to reduce subject
motion. High-definition video on iPhone improves with faster frame rates up to
60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, as well as continuous autofocus,
cinematic video stabilization and time-lapse video. The FaceTime HD camera now
captures over 80 percent more light with a new sensor, larger f/2.2 aperture and
advanced new features including burst mode and HDR video.

With faster LTE download speeds of up to 150 Mbps, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users can browse, download and stream content faster. The new iPhones also
support high-quality voice calls over LTE (VoLTE) as well as Wi-Fi calling.²
With support for up to 20 LTE wireless bands--more than any other smartphone in
the world--the new models make it easier to experience high-speed networks
around the world. Both iPhones also include 802.11ac Wi-Fi with speeds up to 433
Mbps and Bluetooth 4.0.³

The new iPhones come with iOS 8, the biggest release since the launch of the App
Store[#x2120], delivering a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience
and new features including QuickType keyboard, a new Health app, Family Sharing
and iCloud Drive. With more than 4,000 new APIs, iOS 8 allows developers to
further customize the user experience with major extensibility features and
robust frameworks such as HealthKit and HomeKit. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users also have access to the revolutionary App Store, which offers more than
1.3 million apps to iPhone, iPad® and iPod touch® users in 155 countries around
the world.

The post Apple Announces iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple: iPhone 6 sparks record 4 million pre-orders

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 424 words


CUPERTINO -- More than 4 million pre-orders for the new iPhones were placed on
the first day, shattering sales records for Apple and prolonging wait times for
its enthusiastic fan base.

In a statement issued Monday, Apple detailed the debut of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, which went up for advanced sale online in the wee hours of Friday
morning. Although some customers will receive their devices this Friday, Apple
acknowledged that many will have to wait until October for the coveted packages
to arrive. In the meantime, the new phones, which feature larger screens, will
hit the shelves of local retail stores Friday morning.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday."

Apple received 2 million pre-orders for the iPhone 5, the last model for which
it disclosed statistics on advance sales. The next yardstick for the new
iPhones' success will come opening weekend. Apple sold 9 million gadgets last
year during the first weekend of sales for the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus last Tuesday at a star-studded event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, along with a long-awaited smartwatch. An
Apple spokeswoman declined to breakdown the early sales figures between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 Plus appeared to sell out first on
carriers' websites, but that may be because supplies of the larger device are
more limited, said Ken Dulaney, an analyst at research firm Gartner.

Analysts predicted that consumers would flood stores when Apple finally matched
its peers with larger screens. Although the sales records make for good press,
consumers are easily frustrated by long waits, Dulaney said.

"That seems like a little bit of poor planning," he said. "When you announce the
device, you want to ship it."

Consumers have shown a willingness not only to wait for the new iPhones, but to
fork over more money for them. The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract,
but the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than the flagship device
fetched last year. It's favorable math for the Cupertino-based company, Dulaney
noted.

"These are good times for Apple," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536;follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, file photo, the iPhone 6, at
left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a new product
release in Cupertino, Calif. Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its
new iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company
said Monday, Sept. 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                   September 17, 2014 Wednesday 10:51 AM GMT

iPhone 6: UK release date, pre-orders, price and features of Apple's
next-generation smartphone;
Apple has already seen a record number of iPhone 6 pre-orders. With just days to
go until the new device hits shelves, here's everything you need to know

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1111 words


Apple iPhone 6: Pricing and release date confirmed for Apple's all new smart
phone

With just two days to go until the iPhone 6 hits shelves across the world, Apple
has reported pre-orders in record numbers.

In the first weekend alone, 4m eager fans placed orders for the new big-screen
iPhone 6 and bigger-screen 6 plus. And with launch day drawing nearer, the
mobile networks are unveiling their price plans - with some even offering the
Phone with no up-front cost.

Don't buy an iPhone without checking our price plan guide

Both versions of iPhone 6 will come with iOS 8, Apple's latest mobile operating
system, which is due for release today.

Here's all the information we have about the new iPhones, including when and how
you'll be able to get your hands on one!iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Apple unveiled two models of iPhone last night. The 4.7" iPhone 6 is their
standard model, and is the direct descendant of the iPhone 5S.

The iPhone 6 Plus, while containing most of the same innards as the 6, is a
different beast in many ways. Designed to hit the part of the smartphone market
dominated by big-screen phones like Samsung's Galaxy Note, it has a huge 5.5"
screen - the biggest an iPhone has ever had by far.

There are also differences to battery life and performance, and a slightly
upgraded camera - but in all other respects the devices are the same.Price

If you're looking to buy the iPhone 6 outright, here's how much it'll cost you
directly from Apple.

iPhone 6 pricing

iPhone 6 Plus pricing

The networks have begun to outline their subsidised iPhone 6 costs.

Our guide to the best iPhone 6 mobile network price plan options

Three offers three plans - all of which are on 24 month contracts and carry a
£99 upfront cost for a 16GB iPhone 6. Monthly costs vary based on data
allowance, and start at £38 a month.

EE's 'recommended' deal carries an upfront cost of £99.99 and a monthly cost of
£40.99, including 2GB of data on a 24 month contract. Their cheapest monthly
price plan is £14.99, with 500MB of data and £449.99 up front.

Vodafone's 2 year deals start with a free phone on a £53.50 monthly cost, and
includes 6 months of netflix, and 2 years of either Spotify Premium or Sky
Sports Mobile. They have various options based on data allowance and up front
cost, but their monthly costs don't go below £43.50. They also offer the iPhone
on a 12 month contract, with upfront costs starting at £249 on a £53.50 monthly
cost.

Tesco Mobile have come out with an interesting range of deals - all of which
include a free iPhone 6 or 6 plus and at least 3GB of data, and which start at
£41 per month. Their deals compare very favourably to the bigger networks.

Finally, O2 will give you a free phone for 2 years of £53 a month, with 20GB of
data and free insurance for 6 months. Their other tariffs vary wildly based on
upfront cost and inclusive data.Release date

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in stores from 8am on September
19th.

Pre-orders began on Friday, and the iPhone 6 Plus sold out almost instantly.
It's currently showing a 3-4 week delivery estimate - but the 4.7" iPhone 6 is
still available with delivery in 7-10 working days.Options

As with the iPhone 5s, the 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in Silver, Space
Grey, and gold. All three colours will be available at launch.

The storage options have been upgraded for the 6 and 6 Plus. The base storage
remains at 16GB, but above that it jumps to 64GB. A new 128GB option has been
introduced, and the 32GB option has been removed.

The iPhone 5S is still available in 16GB and 32GB, and the 5C is still available
with 8GB.Screen

The new screens aren't just bigger, Apple says they're better too.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7" screen with the same 326 pixels-per-inch (ppi)
resolution as the 5S - but a vastly improved contrast ratio and wider viewing
angle.

The iPhone 6 Plus, though, is a different beast entirely. It has a huge 5.5"
screen with an increased 401ppi resolution, which will result in sharper images.

If you're thinking the screen might be too big for your thumb to reach the top,
worry not. A quick double touch on the phone's home button will temporarily
slide everything down the display to put it within the reach of your
digits.Camera

The improvements to the iPhone's camera are always among the highlights of Apple
events, and this time was no exception.

The new range hold a respectable 8MP sensor, with 'focus pixels' to allow
quicker auto-focus - a feature you'd expect to find on higher end cameras.

It'll do 43 megapixel panorama shots, too and the optical image stabiliser in
the 6 Plus will allow for much sharper photos in low light,

But the most impressive feature of all is the slow motion function. It goes
beyond the solid, day-to-day functions of the camera - to something that seems
almost magical. It was the feature you wanted to show off to your friends when
it was introduced in iOS 7, and it's even better now it'll take more
frames-per-second.

Apple iPhone 6: Slo-mo video revealed at 240 fps  Battery life

Apple says they've improved the iPhone 6 battery in "every metric" compared to
the iPhone 5S.

The two new models  will have equal or better battery life than the previous
handset in every category, Apple's Phil Schiller said.

The iPhone 6 will be able to support 50 hours of audio playback - up from 40
hours on the iPhone 5s; 11 hours of video, up from 10 hours with the previous
model; and 11 hours of WiFi browsing, also up from 10 hours.

The larger iPhone 6 Plus will support 80 hours of music listening, 14 hours of
video, and 12 hours of WiFi browsing.

The full first-hands on reviews have started to come in, with one reviewer
claiming to have seen a full two days of charge from the iPhone 6 plus battery.
If that's the case, it's a huge improvement.Digital payments

Apple Pay is only out in the States for now, but the tech giant are hoping it
leads to them revolutionising the payments industry in the same way they did the
music industry.

A lofty goal, but with shares in Paypal dipping sharply after it was announced,
it's clear people think Apple can pull it off.

Apple Pay lets you tie your credit or debit card to your iPhone and/or Apple
Watch, so you can make payments with a single tap.

Apple says the system is secure. Each transaction is made directly between you
and the merchant, so Apple never see how much you've spent and what on.

Also, if you leave your phone somewhere, you can just suspend Apple Pay using
Find My iPhone, without having to go through the hassle of cancelling your
credit card.

Now we just have to wait for Mastercard, Visa and American Express to adopt it
in this country...and for retailers over here to follow suit.

Buy iphone 6

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

New iPhones spark record-breaking 4 million pre-orders

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 424 words


CUPERTINO -- More than 4 million pre-orders for the new iPhones were placed on
the first day, shattering sales records for Apple and prolonging wait times for
its enthusiastic fan base.

In a statement issued Monday, Apple detailed the debut of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, which went up for advanced sale online in the wee hours of Friday
morning. Although some customers will receive their devices this Friday, Apple
acknowledged that many will have to wait until October for the coveted packages
to arrive. In the meantime, the new phones, which feature larger screens, will
hit the shelves of local retail stores Friday morning.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday."

Apple received 2 million pre-orders for the iPhone 5, the last model for which
it disclosed statistics on advance sales. The next yardstick for the new
iPhones' success will come opening weekend. Apple sold 9 million gadgets last
year during the first weekend of sales for the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus last Tuesday at a star-studded event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, along with a long-awaited smartwatch. An
Apple spokeswoman declined to breakdown the early sales figures between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 Plus appeared to sell out first on
carriers' websites, but that may be because supplies of the larger device are
more limited, said Ken Dulaney, an analyst at research firm Gartner.

Analysts predicted that consumers would flood stores when Apple finally matched
its peers with larger screens. Although the sales records make for good press,
consumers are easily frustrated by long waits, Dulaney said.

"That seems like a little bit of poor planning," he said. "When you announce the
device, you want to ship it."

Consumers have shown a willingness not only to wait for the new iPhones, but to
fork over more money for them. The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract,
but the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than the flagship device
fetched last year. It's favorable math for the Cupertino-based company, Dulaney
noted.

"These are good times for Apple," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536;follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, file photo, the iPhone 6, at
left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a new product
release in Cupertino, Calif. Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its
new iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company
said Monday, Sept. 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Smart Infinity unveils Purple GC packages

SECTION: Pg. S3/4

LENGTH: 338 words


SMART INFINITY, the premium brand of Smart Communications, Inc., encourages its
members to unleash their inner "shopaholics" as it launches new and exciting
gifts that come with its postpaid plans this February.

These shop-until-you-drop plans offer subscribers the best premium-brand perks
imaginable.

"Smart Infinity has always been about having our members enjoy the lifestyle
they want and deserve, hence our latest offerings featuring the Purple Card of
our partner Stores Specialists, Inc. (SSI)," said Julie Carceller, head of Smart
Infinity. She added, "If you subscribe to our plans today, you will receive a
generous amount of shopping GCs, a.k.a. Purple Cards, matched to your chosen
package and/or your iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus device."

For Aspire Plan 3500 members, they will receive Purple Cards worth P19,000,
while members availing of higher plans such as Prestige 5000 and Premium 8000
will receive Purple Cards valued as high as P35,000.

Purple Cards are accepted at all Stores Specialists, Inc. (SSI) shops, including
Anne Klein, A/X Armani Exchange, Debenhams, Calvin Klein, Charriol, DKNY, Jimmy
Choo, GAP, Kate Spade, Kenneth Cole New York, Lacoste, Marks & Spencer, Nine
West, and Zara, among others.

For those who want their iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus under Smart Infinity's
customer-priority and pampering services, Purple Cards are available in the
following amounts corresponding to specific iPhone plans: P10,000 when you avail
of Prestige Plan 5000 bundled with a free iPhone 6 (16gb); P5,000 for Prestige
Plan 5000 plus one iPhone 6 (64gb); P21,000 for every Premium 8000 plan with an
iPhone 6 (64gb); and P16,000 for every Premium 8000 plan with an iPhone 6
(128gb).

For iPhone 6 Plus offers, the Purple Card amounts will likewise be as follows:
P5,000 with Prestige Plan 5000 with free iPhone 6 Plus (16gb); P21,000 with
Premium Plan 8000 plus free iPhone 6 Plus (16gb); P16,000 with Premium Plan 8000
plus free iPhone 6 Plus (64gb); and P11,000 with Premium Plan 8000 plus a free
iPhone 6 Plus (128gb).

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 17, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus launched, India witnesses midnight rush for new handsets

LENGTH: 231  words


Apple Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus started selling in stores in India officially
last night at 12.00 pm. Apple lovers started queuing up in front of Apple stores
before the launch time to grab a piece of the new handset.

The iZenica store in GK opened through the night to cater to the Apple fanboys
who were waiting for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It also made seating and
refreshments arrangement for those waiting.

According to a report in the Economic Times, Apple has imported some 55,000
units of new iPhones in the first phase to ensure there is adequate supplies for
new handset.

In India the handset iPhone 6 and 6 Plus comes in three storage variants of
16GB, 64GB and 128GB. These have  been priced at -

iPhone 6 16GB - INR 53,500

iPhone 6 64GB - INR 62,500

iPhone 6 128GB - INR 71,500

iPhone 6 Plus 16GB -  INR 62,500

iPhone 6 Plus 64GB - INR 71,500

iPhone 6 Plus 128GB - INR 80,500

Apple iPhone 6 is a A8 chip with a 64-bit processor based phone that comes with
a 4.7 inch display screen and a display resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels. The
handset runs the latest iOS 8 operating system and has 8 megapixel iSight
camera on board with a 1.2 megapixel camera on the front side.

Alongside iPhone launch in India, Apple also globally launched the new
generation iPad Air 2, iPad Mini 3, 27-inch iMac and OS X Yosemite as a free
update to Apple devices. Read all about these new devices here.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus prices drop in India

BYLINE: Avani Bagga

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


NEW DELHI: iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which were launched in India in October 2014,
have seen their prices drop on major e-commerce websites.

Third-party sellers on Flipkart, Amazon and others are selling the 16, 32 and
64GB variants of both new iPhones at discounts ranging between Rs 2,000-5,000.
Among the three, Flipkart is offering the best deals on iPhone 6.

Below are the best prices of Apple's top smartphones in India right now:

Model

Launch price

Best price

16 GB iPhone 6

Rs 53,500

Rs 48,595 (Flipkart)

64GB iPhone 6

Rs 62,500

Rs 57,448 (Flipkart)

128GB iPhone 6

Rs 71,500

Rs 70,045 (Flipkart)

16GB iPhone 6 Plus

Rs 62,500

Rs 55,999 (Flipkart)

64GB iPhone 6 Plus

Rs 71,500

Rs 65,999 (Amazon)

128GB iPhone 6 Plus

Rs 80,500

Rs 73,999 (Amazon)

Amazon is offering cash back of Rs 8,400 on iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to HDFC credit
card users. Similarly, Flipkart is offering 10% cash back to Citibank credit
card users.

iPhone 6, Apple's first big-screen smartphone, sports a 4.7-inch HD (1334x750p)
display and is powered by A8 processor and 1GB RAM. The smartphone runs on iOS 8
and has an 8MP iSight camera that features phase detection and can take 43MP
panorama photos.

iPhone 6 Plus, the company's first phablet, has a 5.5-inch (1920x1080p) display,
and like iPhone 6 is powered by A8 processor and 1GB RAM and runs on iOS 8. It
also features an 8MP camera with optical image stabilization and packs a
2,915mAh battery.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the thinnest smartphones Apple has made yet.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

?And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 bending? Why the iPhone 6 Plus warps so easily.;
Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are bending in people's pockets according to
reports. What's causing the phones to bend?

BYLINE: Bryan Cronan Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 588 words


When Apple CEO Tim Cook reveled the iPhone 6 Plus, he probably didn't think that
its most talked about feature is its ability to bend.

Since the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus began selling Friday, customers have
complained that the phone bends and warps while in their pockets. The new
generation of iPhones is much larger than previous generations - iPhone 6 is 4.7
diagonal inches and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches - and many are wondering if
the new size has anything to do with the bending problem.

"Previous iPhones were thicker and not as long. In material bending, larger
cross sectional areas (thickness x width) and shorter lengths make things
stronger (You can't easily bend a cube), while the opposite makes things very
easy to bend (paper is easily folded)," Jeremy Irons, a design engineer at
Creative Engineering, tells Gizmodo. "The increased length and decreased
thickness contribute to the weakness of the new iPhone. Strength is
proportionally related to length, but strength is affected much more by changes
in thickness."

The new iPhones are also 0.02 inches thinner than pervious iPhones. And,
according to Mr. Irons, that makes a big difference. "While the iPhone 5S was
only 7% thicker than the iPhone 6 Plus, it was actually 22% stronger in bending.
When you make something longer, it gets proportionally more bendable, when you
make it thinner, it gets a lot more bendable," he says.

Adding to the bending problem is the aluminum case surrounding the phone.
Aluminum is a light-weight and flexible metal. Apple uses anodized aluminum in
its new phones, which is supposed to make them stronger, but that doesn't seem
to be working.

"From an engineering standpoint, the iPhone is an amazingly small and delicately
constructed device," Irons says. "The only thing really contributing to the
structural integrity of the iPhone 6 Plus is the thin aluminum frame that covers
the back and reaches around the sides. There is also another very thin piece of
steel behind the glass, but we are not working with much as far as bending
strength."

This isn't the first time customers have complained about bending Apple phones.
In Apple discussion forums, customers complained about the iPhone 4 in 2010 and
the iPhone 5S in 2013.

The number of people who have experienced the bending in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
isn't clear, but it was enough for #BendGate to became a big topic on Twitter.

iPhones bending? Sounds funny at first, but could do down as the biggest cell
phone blunder in history. #BendGate #someonesgettingfired- Jenson Vaughan
(@JensonVaughan) September 23, 2014

#Apple #BendGate Apple, I'm disappointed in you. Years of making good phones and
now this? :'(- Dries Taeymans (@DriesTaeymans1) September 24, 2014

Apple's phones aren't the only phones that supposedly bend. Owners of the
Samsung Galaxy S4 and BlackBerry Q10 complained about similar problems in online
forums.

YouTube channel Unbox Therapy, which posted a video of the bending iPhone 6
Plus, tried to bend the Samsung Galaxy Note 3. After several attempts to bend
the phone, the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 showed only slight signs of warping, but no
damage was done.

News of bending phones came days after Apple announced that its iPhone 6 and 6
Plus sales were a record 10 million in the first weekend. That number doesn't
include sales in China, one of the world's largest smart phone markets, because
the phone is still waiting to be approved by regulators.

Apple has yet to comment on what, if anything, it will do about the bending of
the new iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple Responds to Complaints of Bent iPhones

BYLINE: MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 430 words



HIGHLIGHT: Social media channels have overflowed this week with commentary on
whether Apple&#8217;s new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure.


Social media channels have overflowed this week with commentary on whether
Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure, particularly in a pants pocket.

Turns out actual complaints to the company, at least so far, are much less
prevalent.

"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus," Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said in a statement. "IPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure
everyday, real life use."

The statement comes after some early adopters complained that the new iPhone 6
Plus, which is significantly larger than previous generations of the iPhone, was
permanently bending from simply being carried in a pocket for long periods of
time.

After one new iPhone 6 Plus owner on Tuesday complained that his phone warped
after sitting in his front pants pocket during a long drive, the story was
quickly picked up by technology blogs and news outlets.

Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs Unbox Therapy, a YouTube channel dedicated to
showcasing the latest tech hardware, filmed himself straining to bend an iPhone
6 Plus with his bare hands. The video has been viewed more than 25 million times
in less than two days.

Apple performs "rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle including
three-point bending, pressure-point cycling, sit, torsion and user studies,"
according to Ms. Muller. "IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our
high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use."

As Apple has grown bigger and more successful, it has also become a bigger
target for criticism. The company says it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones over the first three days of release, a new record for
the company.

Some of the attention is self-inflicted, however. In 2010, early buyers of the
iPhone 4 reported problems with the device's cellular antenna, which caused
dropped calls due to the design of the phone. An Apple executive responsible for
the project left the company over the incident.

And this week, Apple released a software update to the iPhone that was supposed
to fix some early bugs in an updated version of its mobile operating system, iOS
8. The update made some users' phones unable to make or receive calls, and also
rendered the touch identification technology software useless, according to
reports. Apple quickly withdrew the software update, and has said it planned to
release a new software patch in short order.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Lanka Business Report

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple announces iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 1232 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 10 -- Apple announced iPhone(R) 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, featuring
two new models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays, and packed with
innovative technologies in dramatically thin and seamless design, the company
said in a statement.

Apple Press Info

The new iPhones feature a precision unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum that
conforms seamlessly with the shaped glass of the display, resulting in a
completely smooth and continuous surface.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are engineered to be the thinnest ever, delivering a
bigger display in a design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Packed with innovative new technologies, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus include: the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight(R) and
FaceTime(R) HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Pay, an
easier way to simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a finger.
Both models include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most advanced
mobile operating system, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user
experience with new Messages and Photos features, QuickType keyboard, a new
Health app, Family Sharing and iCloud Drive?.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,"
said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO.

"The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the world with the highest customer
satisfaction in the industry and we are making it much better in every way. Only
Apple can combine the best hardware, software and services at this unprecedented
level and we think customers are going to love it."

For the first time iPhone is available in two new sizes: iPhone 6 features a
stunning 4.7-inch Retina(R) HD display with 1334 x 750 resolution, providing 38
percent more viewing area than iPhone 5s, while iPhone 6 Plus features an even
bigger 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 1920 x 1080 resolution, providing 88
percent more viewing area and nearly three times the pixels than iPhone 5s. The
Retina HD displays offer advanced technologies including higher contrast for
deeper blacks and dual-domain pixels for more accurate colors at wider viewing
angles.

With second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture, the all-new A8 chip
offers faster performance and is more energy efficient, delivering higher
sustained performance with great battery life. With Metal, a new graphics
technology in iOS 8, developers can take performance of the A8 chip even further
to bring console-class 3D games to iPhone. The A8 chip also includes a new,
powerful Apple-designed image signal processor that enables advanced camera and
video features.

Both models include the M8 motion coprocessor that gathers motion data from the
accelerometer, gyroscope, compass and the new barometer, which senses air
pressure to provide relative elevation. The M8 motion coprocessor can
continuously measure your motion data, even when the device is asleep, saving
battery life for fitness apps that use the sensors all day. With iOS 8, motion
data from M8 appears in the Health app so you can see how many flights of stairs
you've climbed, or how far you've walked or run. Developers can use CoreMotion
APIs that take advantage of M8 and HealthKit to create apps that help you take
better care of your health and fitness.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus introduce Apple Pay, an easy way to securely pay for
physical goods and services in stores or apps with just the touch of a finger.
Users can pay securely and conveniently in stores by simply holding the phone
near the contactless reader while keeping a finger on Touch ID; there is no need
to unlock your iPhone or launch an app. With Apple Pay, you can also make
one-touch purchases within apps, without having to enter credit card or shipping
information. All payment information is kept private, encrypted and stored
securely in the Secure Element, a chip inside the new iPhones.

The iSight camera gets even better with a new sensor featuring Focus Pixels for
faster autofocus, making it easier to quickly capture any moment. iPhone 6 Plus
users will also benefit from optical image stabilization technology that
compensates for hand shake in low light and works with iOS 8 to reduce subject
motion. High-definition video on iPhone improves with faster frame rates up to
60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, as well as continuous autofocus,
cinematic video stabilization and time-lapse video. The FaceTime HD camera now
captures over 80 percent more light with a new sensor, larger f/2.2 aperture and
advanced new features including burst mode and HDR video.

With faster LTE download speeds of up to 150 Mbps, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
users can browse, download and stream content faster. The new iPhones also
support high-quality voice calls over LTE (VoLTE) as well as Wi-Fi calling. With
support for up to 20 LTE wireless bands-more than any other smartphone in the
world-the new models make it easier to experience high-speed networks around the
world. Both iPhones also include 802.11ac Wi-Fi with speeds up to 433 Mbps and
Bluetooth 4.0.

The new iPhones come with iOS 8, the biggest release since the launch of the App
Store?, delivering a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience and new
features including QuickType keyboard, a new Health app, Family Sharing and
iCloud Drive. With more than 4,000 new APIs, iOS 8 allows developers to further
customize the user experience with major extensibility features and robust
frameworks such as HealthKit and HomeKit. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users also
have access to the revolutionary App Store, which offers more than 1.3 million
apps to iPhone, iPad(R) and iPod touch(R) users in 155 countries around the
world.

Pricing & Availability

iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space gray, and will be available in the US
for a suggested retail price of $199 (US) for the 16GB model, $299 (US) for the
64GB model and, for the first time, a new 128GB model for $399 (US) with a
two-year contract.? iPhone 6 Plus comes in gold, silver or space gray, and will
be available in the US for a suggested retail price of $299 (US) for the 16GB
model, $399 (US) for the 64GB model and $499 (US) for the new 128GB model with a
two-year contract.? Both models will be available from the Apple Online
Store(www.apple.com), Apple's retail stores, and through AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile,
Verizon Wireless, additional carriers and select Apple Authorized Resellers.
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the US, Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK beginning
on Friday, September 19, and customers can pre-order both models beginning on
Friday, September 12.

Apple-designed leather cases will be available in black, soft pink, olive brown,
midnight blue and (RED) for $45 (US) for iPhone 6 and $49 (US) for iPhone 6 Plus
and silicone cases in black, blue, pink, green, white and (RED) for a suggested
retail price of $35 (US) for iPhone 6 and $39 (US) for iPhone 6 Plus through the
Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apple's retail stores and select Apple
Authorized Resellers.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


             Copyright 2014 Vanguard Management Services (Pvt.) Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Bigger is better when it comes to the new iPhones

BYLINE: Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 446 words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which started selling in Canada last Friday,
feature an all-new seamless unibody design, second generation 64-bit Apple A8
processors, a new camera sensor, a Near Field Communications (NFC) chip for
payments, as well as the most LTE bands (20) on any smartphones in the market.

The most noticeable features are the larger screens. For the iPhone 6, the
4.7-Retina HD display is a big move up from the iPhone 5s and its 4-inch
display. Despite a larger size, iPhone 6 retains a thin and light profile at 6.9
millimetres.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which has an even larger 5.5-inch display, is Apple's largest
smartphone yet and seems to be the more popular model, selling out in stores
within minutes. The carrier-unlocked versions of the iPhone 6 aren't cheap,
starting at $749 for the 16GB version, while the iPhone 6

Plus begins at $859. Here is what the new iPhones have to offer.

iPhone 6

The iPhone 6, at 4.7-inches, now goes head-to-head with many flagship devices
running on An droid and Windows Phone in terms of display size, but is still
thinner and lighter than many of its competitors.

The 4.7-inch new generation Retina HD Display features a 1133 x 750 pixel
resolution with the same 326 pixel per inch pixel density from the iPhone 5s.
This gives a larger canvas for apps and content. It has 38 per cent more viewing
area than the iPhone 5/5s while only being 13 per cent larger in volume.

Even the protective glass on the screen tapers to give the new iPhone 6 a
continuous flow and feel. The iPhone 6 looks and performs like a flagship
smartphone and will be a worthy upgrade to anyone coming from a smaller iPhone
or rival smartphone.

Improved camera quality as well as the potential for future mobile payments
using Apple Pay system plus the built-in Touch ID fingerprint scanner, sets the
iPhone 6 apart.

iPhone 6 Plus

The larger iPhone 6 presents the biggest departure in size for Apple's flagship
phone.

It shares nearly all the specs and features of the iPhone 6, with a 5.5-inch
display. This has a 1920-by-1080 resolution, providing 88 per cent more viewing
area and nearly three times the pixels of iPhone 5s, with 55 per cent larger
volume. Larger screens are better for videos, photos, reading websites and
eBooks.

Ideal for users looking for a 'tweener device between large smartphones and
small tablets, the iPhone 6 Plus excels at battery life giving up to a day and a
half use on a single charge.

Making use of the larger screen, apps automatically reorient themselves when in
horizontal mode and show more information and control options. iPhone 6 Plus
also has an optical image stabilization feature for shake free photos and
videos.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: For The Calgary Herald; By offering iPhones with bigger screens, Apple
hopes to entice users of larger devices from its rivals.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

FOR the first time, iPhone sho...

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 396 words


FOR the first time, iPhone shoppers are faced with a choice: do you go large
with the iPhone 6 or extra large with the iPhone 6 Plus?

In response to growing competition, Apple has released two versions of its
latest phone: the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and hefty 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
can now stand toe-to-toe with giant Android rivals.

While big phones are old news for Android lovers, the iPhone 6 might come as a
shock to Apple fans because it's taller and wider than its predecessor. To
compensate, Apple has moved the power button to the right-hand side so it's
easier to reach. The iPhone 6's extra girth grows on you and more screen real
estate certainly comes in handy.

The next step up to the iPhone 6 Plus is more confronting and it might be
difficult to grip for people with small hands. It's more of an in-between device
if you don't want to carry around a phone and a tablet.

iPHONE 6 FROM $869

It's thinner than the iPhone 5 and only a fraction lighter, so it doesn't feel
like more of a burden in your hand or your pocket. The curved edges are easier
to grip and look more elegant. Both new iPhone models have more grunt than the 5
and take slightly better photos (the same number of megapixels, but improved
lenses).

iPHONE 6 PLUS FROM $999

It's thicker and heavier than the iPhone 6, but still thinner than the 5. The
screen is larger than the 6 and sharper at 1920x1080 to match a Full HD
television. You get longer battery life, and optical image stabilisation to
remove shake from videos. It also borrows tricks from the iPad, like extra
buttons on the keyboard and split-screen mode in some apps like Mail.

THE VERDICT It depends on what you feel comfortable holding, as the iPhone 6
Plus is bulky and demands two hands to perform some tasks. If you're jealous of
the expanses of screen real estate available on giant Android phablets such as
Samsung's Galaxy Note, then the iPhone 6 Plus is for you. If in doubt, stick
with the iPhone 6 because it will still feel like a major step up from an older
iPhone.

Check this out

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can act as tap-and-go credit or debit cards, thanks to
the built-in near-field communications chip, but there's no launch date for
"Apple Pay" in Australia. When it does launch, iPhone 5 and 5s owners will also
be able to swipe their phone to pay at the counter if they're also wearing the
Apple Watch, due next year.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Big, and bigger . . . the new iPhone 6 comes in two sizes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple launches iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch

LENGTH: 568  words


Apple finally took the wraps off its much awaited biggest-ever variants of
iPhone: the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 comes with a 4.7-inch
display while the Plus in the iPhone 6 Plus indicates a bigger 5.5-inch display.

The company has launched both the phones with retina HD display, which as per
Apple is a new generation of displays.

In terms of specifications, the iPhone 6 Plus flaunst a 5.5-inch display with
1920 x 1080 pixels resolution, which is 185% more pixels than the 5S, and a
broader angle of view. The phone is 7.1mm thin. As suggetsed by the leaks, the
phone gets a different UI which is slightly similar to that seen on the iPad.
The phone does support landscape mode to offer horizontal views and allow an
iPad-like 2 pane display interafce. Apple has introduced new buttons in
landscape mode for easy operations, and allows cut,copy and paste features as
well. Apple iPhone 6 Plus UI takes cues from the iPad.

The iPhone 6 comes with a 4.7-inch display with 1334 x 750 pixels resolution. It
is merely 6.8mm thin.

Both the phones run on Apple A8 chipset with 64-bit processor, which is 2
billion transistors, on a 20nm process. As per the company, it is 13% smaller
than the A7, and offers 20% faster CPU, 50% faster graphics. It is coupled by
the company's M8 motion coprocessor.

Both the iPhones sport an 8-meagpixel iSight rear camera with a 2.1-meagpixel
front facing camera. The rear camera comes with true-tone flash, 1.5 micron
pixels, and F/2.2 aperture. The company has topped the camera feature with
features like 'focus pixels' for continuous auto focus that works automatically
in video, phase detection autofocus for faster autofocus in photos, and improved
features like face detection. The camera also supports Panorama shots with up to
43 megapixels. The Iphone 6 Features what Apple calls as digital image
stablisation, while the iPhone 6 Plus has optical image stabilization.

The phones come with support for full HD (1080p) video recording @30 or 60FPS.
The interesting point is that it can do 240 FPS in slow motion. There are other
features like "cinematic video stabilization," for video recording.

On the software front, the phone runs on the iOS 8, which brings along various
new features and improvements and bug fixes.

In terms of connectivity, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus come with Wi-Fi 802.11 AC, and
support for 20LTE bands. In addition to that, Apple has finally added support
for NFC on its iPhone, to make easy transactions between devices for mobile
payments and other applications. The company has announced its mobile wallet
service named as the Apple Pay t ease the ePayment process.

The iPhone 6 claims 14 hours of 3G talk time, while the iPhone 6 Plus claims 24
hours of talk time on 3G network.

As far as pricing is concerned, the price of the iPhone 6 starts at $199 for
iPhone 6 16GB variant, $299 for 64GB, going up to $399 for 128GB. The price of
the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64GB and $499 for 128GB. The
prices are applicable on contract with operstor services, which means that the
phones will be priced at a much higher price point in India. Apple has also
launched new silicon cases and new leather cases for the iPhones.

The phones will be up on pre-order from September 12 in the US, and will be out
on 17th. The phones will come to 115 countries by the end of the year. There is
no information on its launch in India.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Apple makes the big call;
TECH KNOW

BYLINE: Adam Turner

SECTION: M; homestyle; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 396 words


For the first time, iPhone shoppers are faced with a choice: do you go large
with the iPhone 6 or extra large with the iPhone 6 Plus?

In response to growing competition, Apple has released two versions of its
latest phone: the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and hefty 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
can now stand toe-to-toe with giant Android rivals.

While big phones are old news for Android lovers, the iPhone 6 might come as a
shock to Apple fans because it's taller and wider than its predecessor. To
compensate, Apple has moved the power button to the right-hand side so it's
easier to reach. The iPhone 6's extra girth grows on you and more screen real
estate certainly comes in handy.

The next step up to the iPhone 6 Plus is more confronting and it might be
difficult to grip for people with small hands. It's more of an in-between device
if you don't want to carry around a phone and a tablet.

THE VERDICT It depends on what you feel comfortable holding, as the iPhone 6
Plus is bulky and demands two hands to perform some tasks. If you're jealous of
the expanses of screen real estate available on giant Android phablets such as
Samsung's Galaxy Note, then the iPhone 6 Plus is for you. If in doubt, stick
with the iPhone 6 because it will still feel like a major step up from an older
iPhone.

CHECK THIS OUT

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus can act as tap-and-go credit or debit cards, thanks to
the built-in near-field communications chip, but there's no launch date for
"Apple Pay" in Australia. When it does launch, iPhone 5 and 5s owners will also
be able to swipe their phone to pay at the counter if they're also wearing the
Apple Watch, due next year.

iPHONE 6 FROM $869

It's thinner than the iPhone 5 and only a fraction lighter, so it doesn't feel
like more of a burden in your hand or your pocket. The curved edges are easier
to grip and look more elegant. Both new iPhone models have more grunt than the 5
and take slightly better photos (the same number of megapixels, but improved
lenses).

iPHONE 6 PLUS FROM $999

It's thicker and heavier than the iPhone 6, but still thinner than the 5. The
screen is larger than the 6 and sharper at 1920x1080 to match a Full HD
television. You get longer battery life, and optical image stabilisation to
remove shake from videos. It also borrows tricks from the iPad, like extra
buttons on the keyboard and split-screen mode in some apps like Mail.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab Times

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Ooredoo to offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Kuwait

LENGTH: 315 words


KUWAIT CITY, Oct 29: Ooredoo Kuwait announced that it will offer iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history, beginning today,
Thursday October 30. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at KD
30. Ooredoo will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users to connect using the
most reliable LTE network in Kuwait. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest
releases in the iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an
all-new dramatically thin and seamless designthat is still comfortable to hold
and easy to use. Both models are better in every way and include: the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazingfast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight and Face Time
HD cameras; ultra-fast wireless technologies.

Commenting on the introduction of the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, Sheikh
Mohammed Bin Abdullah Al Thani, General Manager and CEO of Ooredoo Kuwait said:
"We are excited to bring to our customers one of the most long-awaited devices
in the world of technology today. We hope that the plans we designed and coupled
with these devices suit the different needs of our wide range of customers." The
new iPhones include iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store, featuring a
simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages and Photos
features, predictive typing for Apple's QuickType keyboard and Family Sharing.
iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of your
health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store files and access them
from anywhere. In addition, iPhone 5s will be available starting at KD 18/month
and iPhone 5c will be available at KD 15/month. This iPhone 6 is also available
with 12 months commitment plans.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1143


                 Copyright 2014 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

Mobily rolls out iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus plans

LENGTH: 267  words


Mobily launched the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus mobile Phones in Riyadh,
Jeddah and Al-Khobar on Saturday. iPhone 6 starts at SR399, iPhone 6 Plus at SR
799.

Mobily will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers to connect to its fast
[insert applicable networks: LTE network(s).

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,
featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays,
and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and
seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision unibody enclosure of
anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with the shaped glass of the display,
delivering a bigger display in a design that is still comfortable to hold and
easy to use. Both models are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed
A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing
fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSightHD cameras; ultrafast
wireless technologies; and Apple Pay[TM], an easier way to simply and securely
make payments with just the touch of a finger.¹ iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most advanced mobile operating
system, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new
Messages and Photos features, QuickType[TM] keyboard, a new Health app, Family
Sharing and iCloud Drive.

Sami Nashwan "chief consumer officer" in Mobily said "we are eager to enrich our
customers' life with the latest smartphones, launching of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus is strongly supporting this direction". - SG

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2014 The Saudi Gazette.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

With New iPhones, What's Inside Counts

BYLINE: By MOLLY WOOD.

Email: molly.wood@nytimes.com; Twitter: @mollywood

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; MACHINE LEARNING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1174 words


Bigger. Bigger. Bigger.

The new Apple iPhones going on sale this week, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus, have crisper screens, faster processors and sharper cameras.

And, as you might have heard, they are also bigger than previous iPhones -- the
6 Plus by a long shot -- joining the stampede toward bigger handsets.

But after almost a week of trying the phones, it became clear that the hardware
was not the best part of the package. In its quest to deliver bigger phones to a
market clamoring for them, Apple has made one phone that is actually a little
too small and one that's a little too big. (Apple lent The New York Times an
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus under the condition that a review would be not be
published before Tuesday at 9 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time.)

The best part of the new phones is actually the new software inside, which is
available for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday. The software, iOS
8, combines some of the advanced features of Android with Apple's ease of use
and reliability.

Because of the software, it's hard to see many iPhone fans straying from Apple,
even if they don't buy new iPhones immediately.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch device, up from four inches on the iPhone 5 and 5S.
It's a little wider than those phones, too.

Those dimensions make it slightly smaller than the top Android and Windows
devices on the market, helping it fit easily in jeans pockets. Compared with a
Samsung Galaxy S5 or the HTC One (M8), though, the iPhone 6 screen feels
constrained. The iPhone 6 starts at $200 with a new contract.

The iPhone 6 Plus is a behemoth. It has the same size display as the LG G3, at
5.5 inches, but is significantly taller. It's longer even than the Galaxy Note
3, which has a 5.7-inch display. It starts at $300 with a new contract.

Both the 6 and 6 Plus get thinner, flatter and more rounded shapes than their
predecessors, losing the squared-off sides on the more recent models. The effect
looks sleek, but feels slippery. Dropping seems imminent as you stretch your
thumb across the larger screens.

Apple takes some small steps to mitigate the finger stretch with a feature
called Reachability, which lets you touch (not press) the home button twice to
shift the screen down to the bottom half of the display.

The feature works nicely for one-handed scrolling and finding app icons, but it
doesn't do much else. If you're in an email, for example, you can't get access
to any actions like Reply or Archive.

Apple could have taken a cue from other makers of so-called phablets (a blend of
the words ''phone'' and ''tablet'') and come up with powerful ways to take
advantage of those bigger screens.

For example, the forthcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will let users resize app
windows using a finger or stylus and view multiple windows simultaneously on its
5.7-inch display, as on a desktop computer. The 5.5-inch LG G3 lets you open two
apps at once and resize them as you like.

The iPhones do include some tricks created for bigger phones, like a zoom
feature that lets you subtly increase the size of app icons and text in native
apps.

And when you turn the phones sideways, into landscape mode, the keyboard in the
built-in apps like Mail and Messages has more options -- a microphone, undo key,
period and comma and others on the iPhone 6, and even more on the iPhone 6 Plus,
like dedicated copy and paste keys.

Those extra iPhone 6 Plus keys disappear if you choose the zoomed display,
however. And the iPhone 6 Plus is so big that in landscape mode, I had a hard
time reaching the keys to type.

Even the built-in Apple keyboard doesn't get any extra keys when holding the
phone upright, the way the Samsung and LG keyboards include number keys above
the letters, and period and comma keys.

As for the features that people love about their iPhones, they only get better.
The iPhone 6 cameras, for example, are outstanding.

Both rear-facing cameras have new sensors that deliver faster autofocus, better
face detection and the ability to capture high-resolution panoramas. The faster
focus is immediately obvious, even in casual use.

The iPhone 6 Plus in particular uses optical image stabilization to deliver
better photos in low light and reduce overall shake and blur. Sadly, that nice
feature is not on the iPhone 6.

And filmmakers are swooning over the iPhones' high-definition video, faster
frame rates (which lead to smoother video) and higher-quality slow-motion
capture. Cinematic video stabilization helps smooth out video taken while moving
and a time lapse mode snaps a shot every second or so and stitches them
together.

Of course, all the videos and photos look great on the bigger screens,
especially the iPhone 6 Plus. For camera buffs, that bigger phone is likely to
be a must-have.

Call quality on the new phones is excellent and I found battery life on the
smaller iPhone 6 to be impressive. I went almost two full days without a charge.
Battery life on the iPhone 6 Plus is more like a day of constant use and not
much more, but that's not terrible on a phone that size.

The real magic, though, happens because of Apple's new operating system.

The iOS 8 software doesn't look greatly different, but many refinements make it
more powerful and flexible. Some of the features catch up to competitors and
some are totally new.

The upgrade adds iCloud Drive, for example, which lets you more easily share
documents across devices, as you can with Dropbox or Google Drive. A Family
Sharing feature will let you share your purchased books, movies, music and some
apps with up to six family members, so they don't have to log in to your account
to watch a movie or use an app you have purchased.

After OS X Yosemite, the new operating system for Macs, is released in October,
Apple's Continuity feature will let you view incoming text messages across all
devices, hand off documents between a phone and computer and send a text or make
a call from your Mac.

Smaller improvements -- expiring messages and voice memos, Spotlight searches
that include web results, and recently used contacts that show up when you
double-press the home button to switch between or close apps -- add up to a
refined mobile OS.

Some of the features aren't perfect, and many of the sexier features are still
down the road. Right now, for example, the Health app simply doesn't do much. It
depends on integration with third-party apps (scheduled for release with the
phones) and the coming Apple Watch.

The new operating system comes on the new phones and can be installed this week
on the iPhone 5S, 5 and 4S. People who have those phones and whose two-year
cellphone contracts have not yet expired can rest easy. They will get many of
the best features of this year's upgrade cycle.

The slim new iPhones aren't a big-screen slam-dunk, but they work well, as we
have come to expect from Apple. Ultimately, it's what's on the inside that keeps
them just in front of their competitors.

Every weekday, get the latest news and analysis about the technology industry
delivered to your inbox. Sign up for the Bits Tech Update here.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/17/technology/personaltech/review-and-video-with-
new-iphone-6-and-6-plus-its-whats-inside-that-counts.html

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The iPhone 6, left, and the iPhone 6 Plus have crisper screens
and sharper cameras. (B1)
 The iPhone 6 Plus is very large and has the same size display as the LG G3, at
5.5 inches, but is significantly taller. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM WILSON/THE NEW YORK
TIMES) (B8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 impact: Apple discontinues iPhone 5S, 6 and 6 Plus in India

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 9 -- Zee Media Bureau
 US tech giant Apple Inc on Wednesday launched the much anticipated iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus during an exciting event at the Bill Graham auditorium in San
Francisco.


 With the new iPhones, Apple finally paid heed to the complaints of its
customers and did away with 16GB internal memory variant - which means that the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus variants come with a minimum 32GB internal memory.
 However, the launch of the new iPhones has affected three other iPhones of
Apple - the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
 These three iPhones have been removed from the company's website in India
suggesting that they have been 'discontinued'.
 This comes as bad news for customers who look towards buying older iPhones as
prices fall after the launch of new phones.
 Usually, Apple cuts the prices of its iPhones once new ones are launched in the
market.
 But having said that, the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus could still be
available in the market with third-party.
 And finally, this leaves Indian customers with just three series of iPhones to
choose from - iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, iPhone 6S and 6S Plu and iPhone SE.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 models go on sale in Oman next month

BYLINE: Times News Service

LENGTH: 208 words


Muscat: Telecom majors in Oman are all set to offer the much-in-demand iPhone 6
and 6 Plus from Apple.


Omantel announced that it would offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest
advancements in iPhone history beginning from November 13. Customers may get
more information at www.omantel.om.

Ooredoo also announced that it would offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
November 13.
"Customers can pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from Friday November 7
at www.ooredoo.om/iphone6," said a release.

Even though, iPhone's 6 series models are still not being sold by Apple's
authorised stores in Oman, they are available in local shops which have
purchased them from United Arab Emirates and other countries.
In local stores, the iPhone 6 16GB costs OMR325, 64GB will cost OMR410 and 128GB
will cost OMR430. The iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will cost OMR350 and 64GB will cost
OMR440.

Price range
In September, Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from eager
customers hoping to pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models during its launch.

According to Apple's official website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is $199, while
the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be $299 with a two-year contract for US customers.
Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             October 3, 2014 Friday
                                 First Edition

Pluses and minuses of the iPhone 6

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 844 words


I'll be glad when this review is over so I can go back to wearing clothes more
befitting a man of my situation.

By which I mean, I won't have to wear the tight, tight jeans I have on as I sit
here writing to you in some considerable discomfort - jeans I dredged up from
deep storage, which have turned out to be a necessary (if evil) part of the
scientific apparatus required for our review of the iPhone 6 Plus.

You've probably seen people complaining the big-screen iPhone 6 Plus has a habit
of bending out of shape when left too long in the front pocket of trousers.

Though, arguably, they're being bent into shape, not out of it. LG, Google and
others have all made a virtue out of smartphones bent like a banana - they curve
to fit your face, your derriÃ¨re etc - so it might well be that having your
iPhone 6 Plus bend on you is an outcome only to be desired. It's not as if they
stop working when they bend.

In any case, I've been carrying one around in the front pocket of my tight jeans
for a couple of days now, in the hope of reproducing the bend for purposes of
this review. I've been wearing my size-too-small jeans when sitting at my desk
(as I am now), while walking around town, while watching sport at the pub and,
most tellingly, while riding my motorbike for hours on end. If anything is going
to bend out of/into shape in your front jeans pocket it's when you're on a
motorcycle but, alas, no dice. The iPhone 6 Plus just won't bend for me.

Which is a pity, because it might actually have been the most novel feature of
the phone. The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus isn't exactly one of those
all-too-prevalent devices that fails to take any advantage whatsoever of its
larger size - as I'll get into in a moment, it does have some nice, tablet-like
tweaks to its app layout that work well on its big screen - but it's not in the
same league as, say, Samsung's Note 4 or BlackBerry's new Passport when it comes
to providing you with more than just a bigger screen. There's no big novelty
feature such as a stylus or gigantic physical keyboard: just a bigger screen, an
improved camera and a better battery life compared with the iPhone 6.

That last feature is not to be underestimated, though, and on its own could be
reason enough to get a 6 Plus rather than just a 6, provided your pockets are
deep enough. (In both senses. The iPhone 6 Plus is 37 per cent bulkier than the
iPhone 6 and about $130 more.)Charging ahead

The battery life on the 6 Plus is up there with any phone we've reviewed. Using
it fairly heavily, I typically got about 1.5 to two days' usage per charge.
Using the phone only sparingly, I got almost four days' usage before I could no
longer resist the temptation to put it on the charger. (It possibly would have
lasted another day, but it was getting ridiculous.) That's a huge improvement on
any recent iPhone, including on the regular iPhone 6, which still doesn't quite
make it through a day of moderately heavy usage.

The on-screen keyboard on the 6 Plus is much improved, too, compared both with
the ordinary iPhone 6 and previous iPhones, in particular. Rather than just
making the keys bigger, Apple has added much-needed extra keys to the edges of
its default keyboard, including some handy navigation and cut-and-paste keys,
which do improve the utility of the phone.

(Apple has also added a nice feature that lets you replace the default keyboard
with third-party keyboards such as SwiftKey, overcoming one of the major
productivity advantages Android phones have had over iPhones. Android phones
have been able to use SwiftKey and Swype for years. That new feature works on
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, as well as older phones upgraded to the new iPhone
operating system, iOS 8.) However, it's worth pointing out the extra keys on the
default iPhone 6 Plus keyboard only appear on apps that have been rewritten to
cope with the bigger screen. At the moment, most third-party apps simply scale
their screens up to fit the 1920x1080 pixel display, meaning there's no
advantage to having the bigger screen other than pure bigness.

The same goes for the enhanced landscape layout on the iPhone 6 Plus, which is
one of its nicest size-specific features. Certain apps, such as Apple's own
email client, go into a tablet-like, two-panel mode when you hold the iPhone 6
Plus sideways, and they're terribly nice to use. Email, for instance, gives you
an extra message preview panel in landscape mode, making great use of the extra
screen real estate. But most third-party apps we tested have yet to take
advantage of the new landscape mode, and we can only hope that the iPhone 6 Plus
sells in quantities sufficient to encourage app developers to make the upgrade.

I think it will. The battery life alone makes the 6 Plus worth considering
instead of an iPhone 6. If it turns out it moulds itself to your body shape over
time, well all the more reason, no?

I'm taking my pants off now.

iPhone 6 Likes Long battery life, nice use of landscape mode Dislikes Phone is
larger than the screen size requires Price $999/$1129/$1249 for 16/64/128 GB
models

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Hands on with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 467  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have landed in the UAE and you can either wait
one week and hope to get an official unit through du or Etisalat (stocks will be
very limited from what I've heard) or try your luck with the grey imports (but
be prepared to lose a kidney.) The good [...]
The post Hands on with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have landed in the UAE and you can either wait
one week and hope to get an official unit through du or Etisalat (stocks will be
very limited from what I've heard) or try your luck with the grey imports (but
be prepared to lose a kidney.)

The good folks at JadoPado invited me to get a hands-on session with both the
new iPhones at their office earlier today and here are some quick thoughts on
how I feel about the two new phones from Apple after playing with them for a few
minutes.

1) I wasn't as impressed with the design as I've been with previous iPhones. The
antenna lines running on the back of the device spoil the look. I believe the
iPhone 6 would have looked much nicer without those.

2) The protruding camera bothers me and makes the iPhone 6 look like a device
that is not from Apple. Although it rests well on a flat service and won't rock
because of the camera unless you really make it to, it's something I never
thought I'd see in an Apple product. It's the attention to detail that had made
me a fan of Apple.

3) I got to play with the silver model and the white front is a bit too glossy
for my liking. I didn't see the gold version but I'm assuming it has a similar
front. This means that I'll probably end up buying the space grey.

4) The iPhone 6 Plus isn't as big and much lighter than what I was expecting it
to be. I've been using the Sony Xperia Z2 as my primary Android phone and the
iPhone 6 Plus isn't a whole lot bigger. I was set on getting the 4.7-inch iPhone
6 but playing with the Plus made be reconsider.

5) The camera on both the new phones is super fast. It would focus and snap on
objects faster than any other phone I've tested. While the pictures looked
pretty good on the smaller screen, I'll save my judgement on when I get my own
iPhone 6 and see them on the big screen.

So there you have it- some quick thoughts on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
Strangely after playing with them, I did not have the urge to go buy one
immediately. That doesn't mean that I won't buy one but I'll wait for the
official units to be released next week or ask someone going to the US/UK to
pick one up for me.

But if you're the kind who wants to have one right now then I suggest heading
over to JadoPado and placing your order fast. They have a very limited stock and
I doubt these units will stick around.

The post Hands on with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Mobily set to launch iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Sept. 26

LENGTH: 236 words


Phil Schiller, senior vice president at Apple Inc., speaks about the iPhone 6
(C) and the iPhone 6 Plus (R) during an Apple event at the Flint Center in
Cupertino, California, on Tuesday. On the leftmost side is the Apple iPhone 5S.
(Reuters/Stephen Lam)

JEDDAH: ARAB NEWS

Mobily on Wednesday said it will launch the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
Saudi Arabia on September 26, 2014 in a move to bring the latest and best
smartphones to its subscribers.
The new generation of the iPhone is the slimmest ever introduced: the iPhone 6
is on 6.9 mm thick and the iPhone 6 Plus is 7.1 mm thick.
Apple Company has increased the screen size of the new iPhone generation, a size
of 4.7 inch with 1334 × 750 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 and 5.5 inch HD with
1920 × 1080 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 Plus. In addition, both screens enjoy
the feature Retina HD.
Apple strengthened its iPhones with a new generation of A8 processors, which are
faster than the previous one, in addition to a new operating system, IOS 8. The
battery performance was improved to operate for a longer period.
Mobily will provide iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in all colors as announced by the
company: silver, gold and gray and as per the smartphones packages.
Mobily has a broad experience in launching the iPhone smartphones in the
domestic market. It was the first company in the Kingdom to launch the first
Apple iPhone and smart devices in early 2009.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2014 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Big-screen battle: Apple iPhone 6 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4

BYLINE: Ravi Sharma

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 2553 words


Smartphone battles won't get bigger than this. At least for now! Samsung's
successful premium phablet Galaxy Note's latest iteration Galaxy Note 4 this
time faces an all-new, mighty competitor in Apple's iPhone 6 Plus.

For three years, Samsung's Galaxy Note series virtually ruled the top-end
phablet segment. But with Apple (rather belatedly) entering the segment, Samsung
finally may have to worry about retaining its monopoly. In our detailed
comparison of the two giant screen phones, we pitted them against each other.
Here are the results...

Design

Apple and Samsung have taken contrasting approach to design with their
respective phablets. While iPhone 6 Plus is all about curves, Galaxy Note 4 is
characterized by sharper lines and edges. Neither phablet will, however, win the
award for best-designed device of the year.

Like the last two years' iPhones, iPhone 6 Plus is also made of aluminium and
glass which exudes a premium feel. However, there are more misses than hits with
its design.

iPhone 6 Plus's curved body makes it convenient to operate with one hand, but
also makes it susceptible to frequent drops. During the time we spent with the
Apple phablet, we found that despite the matte-finish back, it is rather
slippery and we had to be extra careful during one-hand usage. The curved glass
around the screen makes it quite easy to swipe the thumb from the left of the
screen to go one step back in apps.

The rear camera of iPhone 6 Plus protrudes a little so it does not rest flat.
This design choice, of course, is to keep iPhone 6 Plus as thin as possible, but
loses more than a few points for the Apple phablet.

Then there are the awkward plastic inserts on the back for the antenna, which is
more of a functionality decision than a design one. In our gold-coloured unit,
the white stripes looked like a mistake. On the other hand, the grey inserts in
the Space Grey version and white inserts in the Silver model look much better
and not as awkward.

Apple has also not made the bezels thin enough, which leads to iPhone 6 Plus
(5.5-inch screen) being much bigger in size than Galaxy Note 4 (5.7-inch). It
is, however, not as wide as the Samsung phablet, thus making one-hand operation
easier.

Samsung has used a mix of plastic and metal in Galaxy Note 4. The aluminium
frame on the sides has chamfered edges and sports a white paint job in our
white-coloured review unit. The back has a plastic covering featuring faux
leather texture, which gives pretty good grip. The back panel is curved
ever-so-slightly, to make it fit the curve of the palm a little better.

As we said, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is shorter than iPhone 6 Plus. However, it is
wider than the Apple iPhone 6 Plus by a few millimetres, which makes a lot of
difference when the phablet is being operated via one hand. Indeed, we found
iPhone 6 Plus slightly easier to operate with one hand during our review period.

After placing the speaker at the bottom with last year's Note 4, Samsung has
again moved it to the back, which leads to muffled sound when it is kept face-up
on the bed or any similar surface.

Though Galaxy Note 4 looks good, we still can't say that Samsung has nailed the
design part. Plus, it is much thicker and slightly heavier than iPhone 6 Plus.

Despite its (few) flaws, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is a better fit for those looking
at functionality as well as design compared to iPhone 6 Plus.

Display

iPhone 6 Plus sports a sweet 5.7-inch Full HD (1080x1920p) IPS display, but
Galaxy Note 4 tops that with a 5.7-inch QHD (1440x2560p) Super AMOLED screen.
While the Apple phablet has colder tones, the Samsung phablet shows rather
warmer and vibrant colours (that even seem a little oversaturated at times).

Both high-resolution displays are great, offering panels that never concede a
single pixel to the naked eye. As we have said before, a QHD display on a
smartphone screen is not necessary as the pixel density is high enough with Full
HD resolution, and the same holds true for Samsung Galaxy Note 4. We noticed the
effect of the QHD panel only in a few apps and games, where textures appear more
detailed, but such instances were few and far between.

Both Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4 are top-end phablets and
offer the best displays despite the widely varying colour tones. The viewing
angles are great, so looking at the display from the sides does not distort
colours at all. However, Galaxy Note 4's sunlight legibility is slightly less
than that of iPhone 6 Plus when compared side by side at full brightness.

With both Galaxy Note 4 and iPhone 6 Plus sporting excellent display, it is a
personal decision to go for the more vivid Samsung display or the relatively
colder Apple panel.

Phablet-optimized software

Samsung has a definite edge over Apple when it comes to phablet-optimized
features. With the Note series in its fourth edition, it is not a surprise that
the Samsung model is much ahead of the first Apple phablet in dishing out
software and features meant to do more with the big screen.

First there's the S Pen, a stylus that has become the trademark of the Note
series. You can write on the screen; select and save details on display to use
later; copy web pages, images etc with a few swipes and share with others via
email, among other features. If you write contact details (like email ID, phone
number, name etc) on the screen, the phone will save it in your address book (or
call/message the number, open the email app to send a mail). You can even take a
photo of a business card to save the details automatically.

Then there's the capability to open multiple apps simultaneously. This is
definitely one of the best features we have used on Android devices, and boosts
productivity significantly. You can, for example, search the web on one window
while writing an email on the other. Samsung's custom software also lets you
minimize an active app so that you can use it later.

There are several other features you can use on the Android 4.4 (KitKat)-powered
Galaxy Note 4 to make full use of the big screen, such as moving the keyboard to
one side of the screen to operate it more easily using one hand.

In comparison, iPhone 6 Plus's phablet-specific software feels very undercooked.
There are two features to make use of the big screen easier - landscape mode
view and Reachability. Frankly, we did not find ourselves using the landscape
view at all to make it easier to operate during the time we spent with the
device.

Reachability, on the other hand, is something we used quite frequently. What
this feature does is that it hides the bottom half of the screen so that you can
access the content at the top half with your thumb; you can active this mode by
lightly tapping the Home button twice in quick succession.

It is a decent feature, but every time you select an option on the screen in
Reachability mode, the display reverts to full screen view, and you need to
again double tap the Home button to bring the screen's content within reach. Of
course, it makes sense to go back to the full screen view to show its full
content, but can be irritating while operating some apps.

This round, quite obviously, goes to Samsung Galaxy Note 4 due to its full suite
of phablet-specific features.

Performance

Both Apple and Samsung have brought out their big guns with iPhone 6 Plus and
Galaxy Note 4, respectively.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 runs on the 2.7GHz quad-core Snapdragon 805 processor with
3GB RAM, the best combination available for Android phones in the market right
now. In comparison, iPhone 6 Plus's 1.4GHz dual-core A8 processor and 1GB RAM
look like child's play. But numbers don't tell the real picture and Apple has
never relied on high-end specifications to give great performance.

The hardware-software amalgamation is better in iPhone 6 Plus than Galaxy Note
4. Performing any operation feels more natural and has a fluid feel on the Apple
phablet, a result of the closed Apple ecosystem. There is no denying the fact
that it is among the fastest devices in the market today, and gives a user
experience like none other.

That's not to say Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is a slouch. It is easily the fastest
Android device, and easily matches up to iPhone 6 Plus. In fact, switching
between apps and swiping across screen feels faster on the Samsung model; it's
just that apps launch faster on the Apple phablet.

Then there's the difference between the implementation of the software.

With iOS 8, you can and make phone calls and send messages using your Mac, and
use Twitter in Safari browser so that opening links is easier. Plus, opening the
Control Centre with an upward swipe from the bottom of the screen feels more
natural than the downward swipe you need to make from the top of the Note 4's
screen to access similar controls.

The TouchWiz UI of Samsung is easily the most-derided feature in the tech world.
Though it has improved since the company unveiled a flatter and less bloated
version of its proprietary skin with Galaxy S5 this year, it still feels a
little clunky. The software and hardware don't work as cohesively on Galaxy Note
4 as they do on iPhone 6 Plus, but we did not come across any lag during our
usage.

Playing graphics-intensive, resource-consuming games on both phablets delivered
a similar experience. All games were just as fast on either device, but Samsung
Galaxy Note 4 showed a few more details that iPhone 6 Plus masked due to more
available pixels.

Multimedia is a mixed bag on both devices, though iPhone 6 Plus's experience
seems a bit more balanced. Watching videos on the big screens of both phablets
is a treat. All popular file formats were supported by the two devices and
videos appeared crisp, with the main variation being the colour temperature that
we discussed above.

The real difference while playing media content is in terms of sound quality.
Though the audio output of both models is similar, the sound quality delivered
by Galaxy Note 4 at high volumes is relatively inferior.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4's connectivity suite is noticeably bigger than that of
iPhone 6 Plus. It lets users share files via NFC as well as Bluetooth, while
infrared can be used to control the TV like a remote. On the other hand, Apple
has limited its devices to only AirDrop and iTunes, a major limitation in
transferring files to devices to other platforms. The relative difficulty of its
Bluetooth throwing a fit hooking up to non-Apple devices too remains.

Both iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4 have their own strengths and
weaknesses, and it is really up to the buyer to select a winner in this segment.

Camera

Both Apple and Samsung make great cameras, and this holds true for iPhone 6 Plus
and Galaxy Note 4 too. In fact, these phablets actually have the best cameras
that the two companies have made till date.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has a 16MP rear camera with LED flash, while iPhone 6 Plus
has an 8MP camera with dual-LED flash.

(Left: Apple iPhone 6 Plus; Right: Samsung Galaxy Note 4)

In daylight, the Samsung camera takes shots that appear a little too vibrant and
don't have accurate white balance. On the other hand, photos captured via iPhone
6 Plus's camera show colder but more accurate colours. White balance is
relatively better here too.

In terms of details, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is ahead of iPhone 6 Plus. The photos
taken with Galaxy Note 4 are full of details and there is nearly no graininess
to speak of due to Samsung's noise suppressing technology. Even when you zoom
in, Galaxy Note 4's photos do not show any loss of details.

(Left: Apple iPhone 6 Plus; Right: Samsung Galaxy Note 4)

Similarly, iPhone 6 Plus's 8MP sensor does pretty well in capturing details, but
it's just not as good as Galaxy Note 4's in this aspect. Noise level is pretty
low here too.

Photos taken in the dark are better in iPhone 6 Plus as it keeps a balance in
the dark and bright tones while keeping the noise down. On the other hand,
objects under light appear a little too bright in photos taken using Galaxy Note
4's camera, while the other effects are similar to that of iPhone 6 Plus's.

Then there's the front (or as everyone calls it now... selfie) camera. Samsung's
3.7MP selfie camera can take photos in three modes - normal, panorama and
wide-angle. The photos taken using the selfie camera are pretty detailed, but
shots taken in the dark show a little noise. On the other hand, iPhone 6 Plus's
1.2MP front camera shows decent level of detail, but is better than Galaxy Note
4 in suppressing noise.

Overall, the iPhone 6 Plus camera is a tad better in terms of overall camera
performance than that of Samsung Galaxy Note 4's camera. The difference is not
too much, but it's still there.

Battery

Galaxy Note 4 sports a 3,220mAh battery versus iPhone 6 Plus's 2,915mAh
powerhouse. While the latter lasts a little over a day on full charge with
moderate to heavy usage, the former tops it by delivering battery life of a day
and a half once it is fully charged. The usage patterns includes making 30
minutes of calls (with the SIM on 3G network) and playing YouTube videos as well
as games each, couple of hours of web browsing and using Facebook and Twitter.
Two email accounts with push notifications were used on both devices and GPS was
active at all times.

While Apple does not have any special software to improve battery life, Samsung
has several ways to eke out extra juice. The best way is to activate the ultra
power-saving mode, which really helps the Galaxy Note 4 last over half a day on
5-10% battery by cutting off various radios and turning the device into a
feature phone.

Special features

Apart from S Pen, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has a fingerprint scanner, heart rate
monitor, pedometer, UV and blood oxygen sensor etc. The health sensors are
pretty accurate and let you keep track of your activity levels and alert you
when the UV radiation around you is too high or your blood oxygen level is too
low or high. The fingerprint sensor can be used to lock the phone as well as
authorize PayPal payments.

On the other hand, iPhone 6 Plus has a fingerprint sensor and integrated health
sensors. The fingerprint sensor unlocks the phone and authenticates contactless
payments via Apple Pay (which is not yet available in India). The health sensors
track not only how many steps you have walked but can also distinguish how many
flights of stairs you have climbed or how much you have run.

Apple's Healthkit app tracks data from other apps to give you a full view of
your health and activity levels, which Samsung's S Health does not. In this
sense, iPhone 6 Plus is a better fit for health nuts.

Verdict

iPhone 6 Plus and Galaxy Note 4 are quite different yet very similar. Both have
big screens, fast processors, great battery life, excellent cameras, fingerprint
scanners and a bunch of health sensors. But the implementation of these features
is what sets them apart from each other, as well as other phablets in the
market.

In our view, the feature-rich Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is a device meant for those
who demand the ultimate productivity gadget. On the other hand, iPhone 6 Plus is
a device that is made for people who want a big-screen smartphone that works
beautifully but is devoid of bells and whistles. It would suit the Apple
aficionados more. Between the two, we would go with Samsung Galaxy Note 4.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               November 06, 2014

Over 2,000 Glo Subscribers Pre-Register for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 354 words


National telecom carrier, Globacom, has announced that over 2,000 subscribers
had so far pre-registered for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple's two latest
devices that will soon be available for purchase at all GloWorld outlets
nationwide upon its formal launch in Nigeria this month.

The development followed the signing of an agreement between the telecom
operator and Apple's authorised distributor for Africa, Core Group.

According to a statement made available to journalists in Lagos yesterday,
Globacom is offering its customers the added advantage of bundling the devices
with the company's super fast Internet service, Glo Bolt.

The release from Globacom stated that buyers of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
any GloWorld outlet nationwide will enjoy the same after-sale support available
to buyers of the devices anywhere else in the world.

"When you purchase iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from GloWorld outlets, you have
rest of mind, as you are sure of the genuineness and newness of the devices you
have bought," Globacom said in the statement. "In addition, you get the best
bargain possible for the devices and you don't have to worry about how to enable
their functionalities, as they come bundled with super fast Glo Bolt internet
service," the statement said. Globacom also said unlike the devices purchased
outside Nigeria or from the grey market in the country, the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus obtained from GloWorld outlets have one year official Apple warranty, in
addition to other benefits accruable to original Apple products purchased from
authorised channels across the world.

"Nigerians will not have to travel to Dubai or the United States of America to
get genuine iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, thanks to Globacom. All you need to do
is to walk into any of our signature retail shops, GloWorld, our accredited
dealer outlets and Glo Zones in the country to get your genuine iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus," the statement said.

Globacom urged Nigerians to avail themselves of the opportunity and enjoy the
premium quality, reliability and speed of Globacom's robust 3G plus network, as
well as exciting data bundles.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Apple fan frenzy as iPhone 6 hits store shelves

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercuyrnews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 825 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Christmas came in September this year for Apple devotees, who
stormed the company's Bay Area stores Friday morning to buy new iPhones, though
not all got the models on their wish lists.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were met with delirious excitement by fans, many of whom
had awakened at the crack of dawn -- or even camped out -- to buy them first.
With significantly larger screens, the new iPhones help Apple match competitors
like Samsung, which have long offered devices that blur the line between
smartphones and tablets.

Hundreds of people clogged Chestnut Street in San Francisco's Marina
neighborhood, where the line to enter the Apple Store wrapped around the block.
Many were fatigued after a sleepless night in the cold, but they perked up once
they'd secured the prized phones. Raul Ramos, a 68-year-old San Francisco
resident, was jubilant as he strolled out of the store with a gold 6 Plus in
hand.

"I'm not going home to sleep," said Ramos, a retired pharmacist who has camped
out for every new model since the iPhone 3. "I'm going to be playing with it."

Like Ramos, many Apple fans on Chestnut Street set their sights on the 6 Plus,
which has a 5.5-inch screen that dwarfs Apple's previous versions. But supplies
did not last long. Reza Asadi, who spent a night of his San Francisco vacation
on the sidewalk in hopes of buying the 6 Plus, left the Apple Store
disappointed.

"After 14 hours of waiting, I didn't manage to get what I wanted," said the
40-year-old journalist and London resident, who bought a space-gray iPhone 6
instead.

Fans clustered on University Avenue in Palo Alto were treated to a visit from
CEO Tim Cook, who opened the doors of the Apple Store with a broad smile.

"Thanks to all the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners around the world!" he
wrote on Twitter Friday morning.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last week as part of a wave of new
products and services at a star-studded event in Cupertino. If supplies don't
run out, many analysts predict that Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones
this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5S and
5C last year. 451 Research analyst Carl Howe expects sales to reach 12 million
to 15 million units, noting that cities around the world have reported record
lines.

"This is a very strong launch," he said.

The devices also went up for sale in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K. on Friday, and Apple will open
up sales in more than 20 additional countries next Friday.

The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract, while the 6 Plus starts at
$299. Apart from their superior size, the phones offer sharper displays,
improved battery life and an upgraded camera, Apple has said. In addition, the
gadgets are equipped with Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that allows users
to buy items in stores with a wave of their phones.

Braving a cold and gray night in San Francisco, Apple fans were, if not
comfortable, at least well fed. Apple employees served up coffee and biscuits
for breakfast, and later in the morning, Chase representatives dressed in shirts
that read "#feedtheline" doled out burritos.

Fans slept at their own peril. Kelly Sanders, a 22-year-old nurse who came to
trade her iPhone 5S for a 6 Plus, said she dozed off in the wee hours of the
morning with about 20 people ahead of her in line. She woke up two hours later
to find some 40 people standing between her and the doors of the Apple Store.

With rampant cutting in line, "you couldn't shut your eyes," said Sanders, who
was visiting from Las Vegas.

People in line said tensions flared during the night between die-hard Apple fans
and people who planned to resell the devices on the booming gray market. San
Francisco photographer Diane Rieger, 32, said she agreed to buy the phone for a
local startup, and expected to take home about $500 for her work. But she was
dismayed by the resellers' behavior.

"I'm worried about humanity," she said. "Forget the phone -- don't be that kind
of person."

Tony Ring-Dowell, a four-year veteran of the iPhone line, agreed that the scene
was more cutthroat this year. But by the time he strode out of the Apple Store
with a pair of iPhone 6s, he said he was "elated."

"This year I'm even more excited because the phone is so different and I waited
much longer for it," said Ring-Dowell, who lives in Daly City.

Shaun Johnson, who works on PayPal's mobile team, said he felt confident
springing for the 5.5-inch 6 Plus after test-driving a cardboard model of the
device that was circulating the line. Though he had to show up shortly after 5
p.m. Thursday to claim the device, Johnson and those he befriended in line found
a place to seek refuge.

"We spent most of the night in a wine bar," the 35-year-old San Francisco
resident said.

Staff writer Patrick May contributed to this story. Contact Julia Love at
408-920-5536. Follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook (L) takes a selfie
photo with a man waiting in line to buy the new iPhone 6 at an Apple Store on
September 19, 2014 in Palo Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to
purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook (C) takes a selfie photo with a
people waiting in line to buy the new iPhone 6 at an Apple Store on September
19, 2014 in Palo Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the
new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)
PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook greets customers at an Apple
Store as sales begin for the new iPhone 6 on September 19, 2014 in Palo Alto,
California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: Apple's iPhone 6 (L) and iPhone 6 Plus (R) boxes and
phones are shown together at a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014
in Orem, Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014.
(Photo by George Frey/Getty Images
OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: Apple's iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus (L) phones are
shown together at a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014 in Orem,
Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014. (Photo by
George Frey/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Apple IPhone 6 & 6 Plus to be available in China on Oct 17

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 30 -- Apple announced that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be
available in China beginning Friday, October 17 from the Apple Online Store,
Apple's retail stores, and an expansive network of retail stores through all
three major carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.

With support for TD-LTE and FDD-LTE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus provide
customers access to 4G/LTE networks from China Mobile, China Telecom and China
Unicom across mainland China. Customers can pre-order iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
from the Apple Online Store beginning Friday, October 10. Beginning Tuesday,
October 14, customers can reserve the new iPhones for in-store pick-up starting
Friday, October 17.

"We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China
on all three carriers at launch," said Apple's CEO Tim Cook. "With support for
TD-LTE and FDD-LTE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers will have access to
high-speed mobile networks from China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom for
an incredible experience."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2014 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

First look: Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus;
TREVOR TAN offers his initial impressions of the new iPhones, which he saw in
Cupertino, California, after they were presented by Apple

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Apple

LENGTH: 610 words


As had been widely rumoured, Apple launched two iPhones this year; one bigger
than the other, and both bigger than the iPhone 5/5s.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 6 Plus features a 5.5-inch
display.

Both models use the same new 64-bit A8 processor that is supposed to deliver
20-per-cent faster performance and 50-per-cent faster graphics than the iPhone
5s.

The new iPhones also have the new M8 motion co-processor that can measure both
distance and elevation, and a built-in barometer that reckons elevation by
measuring differences in air pressure.

In a first for the iPhone, Near Field Communication or NFC, is built in, as is
Wi-Fi 802.11ac and a Touch ID home button.

The colours - space grey, silver and gold - are the same as for the iPhone 5s.
Storage options are 16GB, 64GB and 128GB.

Design

Other than having different screen sizes, the newest iPhones share the same
design elements. Gone are the chamfered edges of the iPhone 5/5s. The newcomers
have slim aluminium chassis with rounded edges.

The front glass panel is also curved around the edges and seamlessly joins the
rounded edges of the aluminium shell.

The rear of both iPhones sheds the duo-tone look of the iPhone 5 series and has
a more uniform colour. Only the antenna band is slightly different in colour.

Both new iPhones are thinner than the iPhone 5/5s, which were 7.6mm thick. The
iPhone 6 is only 6.9mm thick, while the iPhone 6 Plus is 0.2mm thicker at 7.1mm.

However, both new iPhones are heavier than the iPhone 5s, which weighed 112g.
The iPhone 6 weighs 129g; the Plus tips the scales at 172g.

Display

Apple describes the display of both new iPhones as having "Retina HD" quality.
Certainly, both are better than what is usually described as high-definition
(HD) quality - that is, 1,280 x 720 pixels.

The 4.7-inch display of the iPhone 6 has a screen resolution of 1,334 × 750
pixels to give it a pixel density of 364 pixels per inch (ppi).

The 5.5-inch display of the iPhone 6 Plus has a screen resolution of 1,920 ×
1,080 pixels, with a pixel density of 401 ppi. So you can watch a full-HD video
in its full glory on an iPhone.

They are supposed to have a better colour gamut, more accurate white balance and
higher contrast. The iPhone 6 has a 1,400:1 contrast ratio to the Plus
(1,300:1).

Text, websites and videos look clear and sharp, and colour shift is negligible
when the display is viewed from the side.

Camera

The 8-megapixel f/2.2 rear camera did not get an improved megapixel count or
pixel size. But it got a very important autofocusing upgrade.

The image sensor now has Focus Pixels, Apple's fancy term for phase detection
autofocus which is usually found in DSLR cameras. So autofocusing should be much
faster whether for still or moving images.

The camera allows for slow-motion videos at 240 frames per second (fps), an
improvement from the iPhone 5s' 120fps.

With the new iOS 8, time-lapse photography is also built into the camera
software.

The iPhone 6 Plus has an optical image stabiliser that works with the A8 chip,
gyroscope and M8 motion co-processor to measure motion data and provides lens
movement to compensate for camera shake.

Handling

The rounded edges, unlike those of the iPhone 5/5s, make the new iPhones really
easy to hold.

The Sleep/Wake button that had been sited on top of iPhone for the longest time
is now sited on the right edge of both new models, within easy reach of your
thumb.

Being smaller, the iPhone 6 does feel easier to use with one hand. Two hands
would probably do better for the Plus.

For a full review of both models, keep a lookout today at Digital Life Online
(www.straitstimes.com/digital-life).

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new devices have different look, feel

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 463  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

A new Apple iPhone 6 Plus is seen during an Apple event at the Flint Center in
Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum. Instead
of the blockier older look, though, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin - much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light - light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices seems to detract from the premium feel that Apple has
cultivated.

iPhone 6 rollout bypasses mainland
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event That said, once
the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back. Both phones have
the new "Retina HD" screens; however, the 6 Plus benefits from having a larger
one. Both screens produce clear, crisp images. Visiting ESPN with its bright
reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right-hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily was not able to test
the Facetime burst function or the time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two screen sizes and three technically different models (six
altogether), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It is not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course, looks are in the eye of the beholder.
And although other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches,
Apple's device is rectangular.

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the devices
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full, hands-on test drive with
the software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

New iPhones spark record-breaking 4 million pre-orders

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 424 words


CUPERTINO -- More than 4 million pre-orders for the new iPhones were placed on
the first day, shattering sales records for Apple and prolonging wait times for
its enthusiastic fan base.

In a statement issued Monday, Apple detailed the debut of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, which went up for advanced sale online in the wee hours of Friday
morning. Although some customers will receive their devices this Friday, Apple
acknowledged that many will have to wait until October for the coveted packages
to arrive. In the meantime, the new phones, which feature larger screens, will
hit the shelves of local retail stores Friday morning.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we
can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this
Friday."

Apple received 2 million pre-orders for the iPhone 5, the last model for which
it disclosed statistics on advance sales. The next yardstick for the new
iPhones' success will come opening weekend. Apple sold 9 million gadgets last
year during the first weekend of sales for the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus last Tuesday at a star-studded event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, along with a long-awaited smartwatch. An
Apple spokeswoman declined to breakdown the early sales figures between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 Plus appeared to sell out first on
carriers' websites, but that may be because supplies of the larger device are
more limited, said Ken Dulaney, an analyst at research firm Gartner.

Analysts predicted that consumers would flood stores when Apple finally matched
its peers with larger screens. Although the sales records make for good press,
consumers are easily frustrated by long waits, Dulaney said.

"That seems like a little bit of poor planning," he said. "When you announce the
device, you want to ship it."

Consumers have shown a willingness not only to wait for the new iPhones, but to
fork over more money for them. The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract,
but the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than the flagship device
fetched last year. It's favorable math for the Cupertino-based company, Dulaney
noted.

"These are good times for Apple," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536;follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Wolverton: New iPhones offer fans a big step up

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 939 words


With its new iPhones, Apple added more than just bigger displays. But I suspect
those big screens will be more than enough to entice plenty of iPhone fans to
upgrade.

Apple began selling the new devices -- the iPhone 6 and the jumbo-size iPhone 6
Plus -- on Friday. I've been testing both for the better part of a day and have
liked what I've seen so far. I've not had the phones long enough to test all
their features or Apple's claims about them, but I've used them long enough to
get some strong first impressions.

The most obvious difference between the new iPhones and their predecessors is,
of course, the size of their screens. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, which
is about 38 percent larger than that in the iPhone 5s. The iPhone 6 Plus,
meanwhile, has a 5.5-inch display, which is about 88 percent bigger than last
year's model.

The new displays put the iPhones more or less in line with their Android rivals,
such as Samsung's Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4, and allow them to much more
easily display text, photos and videos. Reading documents and emails on the new
models was a joy compared to reading them on my iPhone 5s.

Apple has tweaked iOS 8 to take advantage of the extra large screen on the 6
Plus. When users rotate the device so it's positioned horizontally, iOS will
rotate the home screen too. Inside particular apps, iOS will split the screen to
show more information. In the Mail app, for example, users can see both the list
of messages in their inbox and the full text of a particular message.

These are tricks Apple borrowed from the iPad, and they work well on the new
phone.

In addition to their bigger screens, the new phones offer a revamped design,
with edges that curve right into the glass of their displays. And the new
devices are actually thinner than their predecessors, helping keep their overall
size down.

I'm not a big fan of jumbo-size devices, so the iPhone 6 Plus still feels too
big in my hands. But thanks in part to its svelte shape, the regular iPhone 6
feels like it is just about the right size.

The other significant advantage of a larger phone is that it provides room for a
higher capacity battery. Apple claims that the iPhone 6 will provide up to 14
hours of talk time and the iPhone 6 Plus up to 24 hours, compared to just 10
hours on the iPhone 5s. I didn't get a chance to verify those claims, but the
iPhone 6 Plus did last through all my tests without needing to recharge, despite
not starting with a full battery.

The other big feature that sets the new models apart from their predecessors is
the ability to make wireless payments with the new Apple Pay service. Borrowing
yet another page from its Android rivals, Apple has included in the new devices
a near-field communications antenna, which is the standard method for such
payments. At special registers, users will be able to pay for items with their
credit or debit card accounts by merely pointing their phones at them and
touching the phone's fingerprint sensors.

Unfortunately, early adopters won't be able to use the new feature because Apple
isn't slated to turn on Apple Pay until sometime next month.

Apple has also upgraded the camera system on the new phones. One of their most
impressive features is a superfast new autofocus system. The camera appears to
take about half as much time to focus on subjects as that in the iPhone 5s and
can switch nearly instantaneously from macro to distance shots and back again.
The feature is particularly noticeable when shooting video, as it continuously
and quickly adjusts the focus without users needing to manually tap on the
screen.

The new phones will also shoot regular video at up to 60 frames per second and
slow-motion videos at up to 240 frames per second -- up from 30 and 120 frames
per second, respectively, in the iPhone 5s -- offering amazing new views of fast
action. Both also offer enhanced image stabilization, which is supposed to help
reduce jerkiness in videos and compensate for fast-moving subjects in pictures.
However, I wasn't able to tell much of a difference over last year's phone.

Many of the new phones' other features are less noticeable, but will likely
improve your experience with them. They have significantly faster processors and
support faster data rates over both Wi-Fi and cellular networks. They also
support Voice over LTE, a new standard for making voice calls that will finally
allow users of Verizon and Sprint iPhones to surf the Internet while talking on
the phone.

I liked what I saw of the new iPhones -- particularly the regular iPhone 6. Big
screens may be old hat for Android users, but I think they're going to be a
welcome change for iPhone fans.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or Twitter.com/troywolv.Troy's
First impressions
What: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones
Likes: Big new screens; thin, lightweight designs; longer battery life,
particularly on the 6 Plus; split-screen viewing in iPhone 6 Plus; much faster
autofocus in camera; faster processors and wireless radios.
Dislikes: iPhone 6 Plus is too big to hold easily and comfortably in one
average-sized hand; one key new feature -- Apple Pay -- won't work until next
month; entry level models have too little storage space.
Specs: 64-bit dual-core processors; 4.7-inch, 1334 x 750 pixel screen (on the
iPhone 6); 5.5-inch, 1920 x 1080 pixel screen on (on the 6 Plus); 1.2-megapixel
front and 8-megapixel rear cameras.
Price: For iPhone 6 with a two-year contract: $200, for 16-gigabyte, $300 for
64-gigabyte and $400 for 128-gigabyte models. For iPhone 6 Plus, $300 for
16-gigabyte, $400 for 64-gigabyte and $500 for 128-gigabyte models.
Web: www.apple.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6s review

LENGTH: 1423  words


By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

TLDR: The iPhone 6s is the best iPhone yet.

You didn't need me to tell you that. Apple's already doing a great job at that.
And almost every review you've read has highlighted that. So what could I
possibly add that hasn't been talked about? Not much really. I figured that the
best option would be to highlight what's new about these iPhones and then
compare how the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus differ. Hopefully this will help
you decided which one might be the right one for you.

Before we get into it, I would like to highlight that the iPhone 6s is my
personal unit that I upgraded from my iPhone 6 Plus. You can read why I moved to
the smaller size here. The iPhone 6s Plus was provided to me by Apple on loan
for review purposes.

Apple changes the design of the iPhone every couple of years so the design of
the iPhone 6S is, expectedly like it's predecessor. What's new is the material
that Apple has used for the enclosure- it's a new alloy of 7000 Series aluminum
and is super strong that should prevent any bending issues people had with the
older iPhone.

Apple has also added a new color Rose Gold color option with the iPhone 6S and
it is beautiful. I didn't like the color much in pictures and thought that it
looked very pink but in reality, it resembles a shade of copper and has become
my favorite color. I do have one complain though- of the four colors that the
iPhone 6s is available in, three have a white front and only the space grey is
black. I would like Apple to change that with the iPhone 7 and see more dark
fronts.

The Winner: Both the iPhones look identical. It really comes down to your
personal preference- if you like bigger phones, buy the Plus, otherwise pick up
the iPhone 6s. Personally, I'd pick the iPhone 6s because its more manageable
with one hand.

The biggest change that Apple has brought about in the iPhone 6s is 3D Touch
which adds pressure sensitivity to the screen allowing you to quickly access
functions that would otherwise require multiple taps. It's a power users tool
and my favorite new feature. The way it works is that you push a little harder
on an App's icon to get a menu which ranges from app to app. For example, the
camera app allows you to directly go into Selfie mode or the Phone app shows
some of your favorite contacts.

3D Touch also works within apps through peek and pop functions. If you're in
your inbox, you can peek into a preview of your email or press harder to open
it. In Instagram, while looking at a user's profile, you can peek into each
photo. You can also 3D touch the edge of your screen to go back to a previous
app or open multi-tasking, although this particular action is the one I found
the hardest to use- especially if you have a cover on your iPhone.

Although 3D Touch is a step in the right direction, it requires tweaking and
refinement, which is expected from a first gen feature. The good thing is that
many of the tweaks are software based so Apple should easily be able to control
the experience with iOS updates. Coming to the actual hardware, where I would
love to see it go is in the direction of the new trackpads on MacBooks that
completely tricks your brain into thinking that you've pressed the trackpad.
That's Apple magic.

The Winner: The larger size of the iPhone 6s Plus makes it harder to use with 3D
Touch gestures such as swiping from one end of the phone to the other so my
recommendation is to go with iPhone 6s.

The camera on the iPhone finally gets a megapixel bump after the 8MP sensor was
introduced on the iPhone 4s. That does not mean that Apple hasn't improved the
camera on the iPhones that followed- it has improved tremendously. But the
megapixel count was stuck at 8MP and with the iPhone 6s, Apple has made the jump
to 12MP. Increasing the megapixels doesn't automatically improve the quality of
the camera but it does let you zoom more into pictures and provides a bigger
cropping area.

The bigger improvement to the camera is on the front with the FaceTime HD camera
being bumped to 5MP and with a screen flash that will allow you to take good
selfies even in low-lit conditions. Apple has also updated the video camera to
4K but you really need a stable pair on hands or OIS on the camera which is only
present on the iPhone 6s Plus and works with both stills and videos.

On the software side, Apple has introduces Live Photos that take 1.5 seconds of
recordings before and after the photo is taken giving you moving pictures. I had
used this feature on HTC phones in the past and really liked it so I'm glad that
Apple has added them on the iPhone. A software update will fix one of my
complains which was the sudden shakiness of you lowering your hand after taking
a photo.

The Winner: The iPhone 6S plus is the clear winner here mainly because of the
OIS that you get on stills and movies which is especially helpful if you're
planning on shooting in 4k. Also, the larger screen makes for a better
viewfinder experience.

The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus are based on the new Apple A9 processor and
come with 2GB of RAM which helps tremendously switching between apps. Having
owned last year's iPhone 6 Plus, I was a bit concerned about the performance on
the Plus model which was noticeably laggier than the non Plus model.

The iPhone 6 Plus has a higher 1920×1080 resolution screen (2M pixels) compared
to the regular iPhone 6 which has a 1334×750 resolution screen or 1M pixels.
However, the iPhone 6 Plus internally renders at an even higher 2208×1242
resolution (2.7M pixels) and then scale it down to 1920×1080. Clearly, the A8
and A9 chips do a lot more work on the Plus variants resulting in the lagginess.

The good news is that the Plus version of the phone runs much smoother with the
iPhone 6s models. However, even with the iOS 9.1 update released a few days
back, it's not as smooth as the regular 6s model which runs like butter. I could
still see a few stutters on the iPhone 6s Plus but I believe that with the raw
performance that the A9 processor offers, Apple will be able to optimize many of
the UI effects.

The winner: If you want the best performance, the iPhone 6s is definitely the
clear winner with a butter smooth UI.

One of my biggest complains with the iPhone 6 when it was originally released
was the battery life. There was hardly a day when I could get past 6PM on a full
charge and it was the reason I sold my iPhone 6 to buy the Plus. The larger size
of the Plus allows for a bigger battery and one that easily lasts you a full
day.

With software update to iOS 8, the battery life on iPhone 6 improved and with
iOS 9 Apple introduced the battery saver option that got more juice out of your
battery. On the iPhone 6s, I now get enough battery to last until early parts of
the night.

However, the iPhone 6s Plus continues to be the king when it comes to battery
life. On regular days, I have well over 40% capacity left by the time I hit my
bed but even on days when I'm out and about using the iPhone to record
interviews, videos and pictures, as well as tethering data, the iPhone 6s Plus
still lasts me till the end of the day.

Winner: Clearly the iPhone 6s Plus with it's bigger battery is the best option
if you want a device that lasts you all day and then some. The iPhone 6s
struggles to make it to the end of the day without getting some recharging.

I've tried to cover most of the bigger changes that Apple has made to the new
iPhone 6s. There are some other changes as well such as an addition of a 4th
microphone and an insanely faster TouchID that barely lets you see the lock
screen. Apple has also made the iPhone 6s a bit more water resistant. You get
all of that with both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus.

Between the two phones, there is no "better" one. It all depends on what's
important to you. If you like large phones, the iPhone 6s Plus is the way to go.
You get additional battery life and a better camera experience with it. On the
other hand, if you prefer a device more manageable in one hand, then the iPhone
6s would be a better option. It's easier to use with gestures and has better
performance.

It's the best iPhone yet. But you didn't need me to tell you that.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/90/144611764948.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/84/144611765095.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/87/144611765253.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/47/144611765410.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/6/144611765551.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/85/144611765675.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/36/144611765771.gif



LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Who's getting the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the UK?

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: Washington


National First Responders Organization has issued the following news release:

Apple has released its unlocked pricing for the iPhone 6 and its bigger brother
6 Plus in Europe, but there's no word yet on how much it will cost with a mobile
tariff.

If you're in the UK, Germany, or France and can drop a few hundred pounds or
euros on a new iPhone 6, you're in luck. Apple's new bigger iPhones will go on
sale on Friday 19 September -- the same day it becomes available in the US,
Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, and Singapore.

The rest of Europe will have to sit tight unless they make the trip to a store
overseas. While Apple only confirmed availability in the UK, France, and
Germany, dates released by Swedish telcos suggest that it will go on sale in
other markets a matter of days, rather than weeks, later.

In the UK, the 4.7-inch display iPhone 6 has a suggested retail price of £539
for the 16GB model, £619 for the 64GB model, while the newly-added 128GB model
will set you back £699.
The History of the iPhone
Tech Family Tree: The iPhone

Tech Family Tree: The iPhone

Read more

The 5.5-inch display iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the UK for a suggested
retail price of £619 for the 16GB model, £699 or the 64GB model, and £789 for
the 128GB model.

While carrier-subsidised pricing for the iPhone 5s and 5c was released on the
same day as the official launch, no UK operators are giving any hint today of
which tariffs the iPhone duo will be available on, and what size of upfront cost
to expect.

Both the iPhone 6 and iPhone Plus come in gold, silver or space grey and will be
available from the Apple online store, Apple's UK retail stores, and through O2,
Vodafone, EE, Three, GiffGaff, Virgin, TalkMobile, as well as Apple resellers.

All of the major networks began allowing would-be iPhone 6 owners to register
their interest in the new phone on their respective websites.

Consumers in Germany after the iPhone 6 will be looking at [#x20ac]699 for the
16 GB model, [#x20ac]799 for the 64 GB model and [#x20ac]899 for the new 128GB
model. The iPhone 6 Plus in Germany starts at [#x20ac]799 for the 16 GB model,
[#x20ac]899 for the 64 GB model and [#x20ac]999 for the new 128 GB model.

Both models will be available through Apple's online and physical stores, as
well as operators Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone, O2, and Debitel.

In France, consumers will be able to buy both devices at Orange, SFR, Bouygues,
Free, and NRJ, with iPhone 6 starting at [#x20ac]709 for the 16GB model,
[#x20ac]819 for the 64GB model, and [#x20ac]919 for the 128GB version. For those
that want the larger iPhone 6 Plus, they'll be looking at [#x20ac]809 for the
16GB model, [#x20ac]919 for the 64GB model or [#x20ac]1019 for the 128GB
version.

In Italy, the starting price for the iPhone 6 from Apple directly is [#x20ac]729
for the 16GB model, [#x20ac]839 for the 64GB device, and [#x20ac]949 for the
128GB edition. The larger of the two new devices starts at [#x20ac]839 for the
16GB model, [#x20ac]949 for the 64GB model and [#x20ac]1,059 for the 128GB
model.

Meanwhile, the Swedes are looking at 6395 SEK ($901) for the iPhone 6 16GB
model, 7395 SEK for the 64GB edition and 8395 SEK for the 128GB model. The
iPhone 6 Plus will cost 7395 SEK for the 16GB model, 8395 for the 64GB model and
9,395 SEK for the 128GB edition.

Three Sweden and Telia say they will start selling the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on 26
September. Other carriers in Sweden planning to sell the devices are Telia,
Telenor and Tele2. So does Apple's new iphone work on Sweden's 4G networks?
Telia says "Ja".

For more information please visit: http://www.nfro.org

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple discontinues iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus after iPhone 7 launch in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


NEW DELHI: Seems Apple is changing its India strategy. For the first time ever,
the US-based technology giant has discontinued its two-year older models in
India. Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and older models have disappeared from the
company's India website.

This comes just hours after Apple launched its brand new iPhones -- iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, at an event in San Francisco, California.Apart from the newly
launched iPhones, the listing on Apple India's website currently shows iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE. While iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus launched in
India last October, the company launched iPhone SE globally in March this year.
The smartphone was launched in India in April 2016.Incidentally, while the
discontinuation of older models is a first for India, Apple has been following
this practice in the US for past many years. Even though Apple has removed
iPhones older than two-generations from its India website, these models will
likely continue to be available on third-party e-commerce websites and retail
stores in India.Along with the discontinuing the older models, Apple has also
given a storage bump to its last year's iPhone models - iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus. These models will no longer be available in 16GB and 64GB versions. The
new storage options available in these iPhones are 32GB and 128GB.Apple,
however, has retained the 16GB model in iPhone SE, which will continue to be
available in 16GB and 64GB storage options. As for the all-new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, these will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants.The new iPhones
will launch in India on October 7 and will have a starting price of Rs 60,000.On
the specifications front, the iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D
Touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display (again, with
3D Touch). Running iOS 10, both smartphones are powered by a new, Apple-designed
quad-core A10 Fusion processor. The company claims that the new CPU is 40%
faster than its predecessor - A9, which powers the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.
Apple iPhone 7 has a 12MP iSight camera with 6-element lens, f/1.8 aperture,
high-speed sensor, 4K video recording and a Quad-LED two-tone flash. On the
other hand, the iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras (one wide-angle with
f/1.8 aperture and other telephoto with f/2.8 aperture for depth-of-field) along
with Quad-LED flash.Another new feature hitting the iPhone models is water and
dust resistance. Both smartphones have a new Home button which is now
touch-sensitive and uses a new Taptic Engine for better response.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     December 27, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

You May Soon Get iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus For Zero Down Payment

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 344  words


As per the previous leaked zero down payment plans for the new iPhones, Reliance
may offer the iPhone 6 for Rs 3,099 per month for 24 months, whereas iPhone 6
Plus may be offered with the plan for Rs. 3,599 per month for 24 months.

Saturday, December 27, 2014: Back in October, Reliance Communication had first
reported about the zero down payment plans for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
But after that there were no update from either of the companies about the plan.
Now going further with its statement, Reliance might soon come up with its 'Zero
Plan' for new iPhones in India.

The Apple India website (http://www.apple.com/in/iphone/buy/) has linked its
page with the Reliance's official http://shop.rcom.co.in/
(/admin/cms/entry/12786948/LINK). For now, the link is leading to the home page
of the Reliance eShop, while not giving any firm details about the offer in
store. The page has not yet listed the new Apple smartphone yet, while hinting
that may the offer is in its final stage.

As per the previous leaked zero down payment plan for the new iPhones, Reliance
may offer the iPhone 6 for Rs 3,099 per month for 24 months, whereas iPhone 6
Plus may be offered with the plan for Rs. 3,599 per month for 24 months. There
were no updates about which variant would be listed under the RComm's Zero plan.
But as per the given deals, the per month pricing translation makes it to Rs
74,376 over two years for the iPhone 6 and Rs. 86,376 for iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple had released the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in India for Rs
53,500 for the 16GB variant, whereas 64GB variant and the 128GB variant were
released for Rs 62,500 and Rs 71,500 respectively. One the other hand the iPhone
6 Plus 16GB variant was priced at Rs. 62,500 whereas the 64GB variant and 128GB
variant were priced at Rs 71,500 and Rs 80,500, respectively. Notably, under the
Reliance's Zero Plan, consumers will be able to grab the mobile under 6-month,
12-month, or 24-month contracts based up on their choice. Also they won't be
required to give any down payment to avail the device.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils new phones, watch

BYLINE: ERIC JOU in Cupertino

LENGTH: 1858  words


Technology giant Apple launches three new products: two iterations of their
iPhone smartphones, and its first foray into the wearable market - the Apple
Watch.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Technology giant Apple Computers announced at a press event in Cupertino,
California today three new products: two new iterations of their iPhone
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, and Apple's first foray into to
the wearable market -- the Apple Watch.

Describing it as the "the next chapter in Apple's story", Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduced the Apple Watch to a standing ovation from invited guests and tech
media.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink it and strap it to your
wrist," said Cook.

The new Apple Watch is a square screened device with a sapphire display that
provides haptic, or skin-contact, feedback. The watch has sensors on its back to
monitor heart rate. The focus of the watch -- with so many health and fitness
features built in -- appears to be health oriented.

The new Apple Watches come in two sizes and three basic models: stainless steel,
an aluminum-cased sport model and a high-end 18-karat gold version, all with a
selection of interchangeable bands.

The watches, which require the use of an iPhone, support apps that include
Chinese messaging app QQ messenger and micro-blogging app Sina Weibo.

The invitation-only event was held in the Flint Center for the Performing Arts
in Cupertino, a throwback to the venue where Apple first launched the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago and the same stage where the iMac was launched.

"It is great to be back to the Flint Center, down the road from the Apple home
center," said Cook. "We had some of the most important apple products on this
stage"

In lieu of the normal announcements of updates happening in the Mac World, Cook
moved directly into the meat of the conference, talking about the iPhone.

"Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," he
said. "I couldn't be more excited and more proud to show it to you now."

Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to introduce the new smartphones -- the 4.7-inch screen iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Both sport a myriad of technology upgrades, from faster WiFi to faster LTE
cellular connections. Both phones will launch with the new iOS 8 operating
system. Software updates will go out to older iPhones (the 4S and later) on
September 17.

The new phones come with what Apple calls Retina HD, an upgrade to their current
Retina display technology, the 6 supports up to 1 million pixels and the 6-plus
up to 2 million pixels.

The new phones are also thinner. On the new 6 Plus, apps can be used in
Horizontal views.

Previously, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs made comments about bigger-sized
phones having issues in terms of use, as in being difficult to use with one
hand. Apple's move to bigger displays is seen as emulating what Android makers
such as Samsung and HTC have already done.

Beyond the displays, Apple has put out a new 64-bit chip, the A8, the second
generation, which promises to be 25 percent faster in CPU use and 50 percent
better in graphics processing. This new processing power is supposedly better in
terms of power use. The new iPhones will have better battery life than the
iPhone 5S, the company says.

To show off the power of the new phone, Apple brought Super Evil Megacorp
co-founder and chief creative officer Stephan Sherman on to the stage to show
off their new Massive Online Battle Arena game VainGlory.

The new iPhone will make standard calls from Wifi to Cellular. Schiller said the
technology allowed users to talk on Wifi and then transition seamlessly into
cellular voice.

The upgrade to the iPhones' camera isn't much on paper, but Apple claims the new
iPhone 6's have censors comparable to popular DSLR cameras. As for video, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will take 1080p video at 60 frames per-second and slo-mo
videos at 240 fps. Apple has also included time-lapse functions.

Along with the new iPhones, Apple is pushing a new Apple Pay mobile payment
system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised, it's no wonder that
people have dreamed of replacing these for years, but they've all failed," said
Tim Cook. "We love this kind of problem, this is exactly what Apple does best,
and so we created an entirely new payment process and we call it Apple Pay."

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of internet software and services,
talked about the security of Apple Pay. Credit and debit cards uploaded to the
iPhone are iPhone only. Credit card information isn't stored on the device.

"We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Cue.

Apple Pay comes with every iPhone 6 and 6plus and will start in the US with
American Express, MasterCard and Visa.

Daniel Matte, an analyst with Canalys, said that Apple's announcement delivered
what Apple needed to deliver and the Apple Watch stole the show.

"On the iPhone side, they delivered what they needed to," said Matte. "I think
they're in a very competitive position, putting out two bigger sizes like what
the market has been demanding."

Matte says that the 5.5-inch screen model will work well and appeal to a lot of
people. His only concern is the supply. Matte says that despite China not being
listed as one of the first countries for roll out, it still may be faster than
previous iPhone launches. Matte says that Apple is focused on the China market.

In regards to the Apple Watch, Matte pointed out that this was the first major
non-Steve Jobs product.

"I think the take away is that this is a new area of software, a new direction,
a new user interface, a post Steve Jobs product," said Matte. "It'll take a lot
of time to evaluate the software to see if it's something consumers will take
to, but I do think that the price point and the cool factor -- such as the
software and the different functionalities -- will appeal to a lot of customers
and sales will be quite strong."

Apple's demo of the Apple Watch showed a few Chinese made applications. Matte
says that this, plus Apple's push into China, shows that Apple is committed to
the Chinese market.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 plus will go on sale in the US and Hong Kong among other
countries for 199 for the 16gb with a 2 year contract and 299 for the 64gb. The
6 Plus will start at 299 with a two-year contract on September 19. Both come in
silver, gold and black.

The Apple Watch will go on sale in early 2015 starting at $349.

ericjou@chinadaily.com.cn
Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

SIDEBAR

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Hands-on

Apple's latest entries in the iPhone series are two different screen sized
phones. As when Apple upped the screen sizes with the iPhone 5, the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus take screen sizes to higher level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum blocks.
In lieu of the blockier older look, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin, much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light, light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices feels like it detracts from the premium feel that Apple
has cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones come with the new "Retina HD" screens, however the 6 Plus benefits
from having a larger screen size. Both screens produce clear crisp images.
Visiting ESPN with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily wasn't able to test the
Facetime burst function and the Time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Hands-on Impression

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two different screen sizes and technically three different
models (all together 6), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It's not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course looks are in the eye of the beholder,
considering other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches.
Apple's device is "rectangular".

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the device
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo being played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full hands-on test drive with the
software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

Ericjou@Chinadaily.com.cn

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils new phones, watch

BYLINE: ERIC JOU in Cupertino

LENGTH: 1858  words


Technology giant Apple launches three new products: two iterations of their
iPhone smartphones, and its first foray into the wearable market - the Apple
Watch.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Technology giant Apple Computers announced at a press event in Cupertino,
California today three new products: two new iterations of their iPhone
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, and Apple's first foray into to
the wearable market -- the Apple Watch.

Describing it as the "the next chapter in Apple's story", Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduced the Apple Watch to a standing ovation from invited guests and tech
media.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink it and strap it to your
wrist," said Cook.

The new Apple Watch is a square screened device with a sapphire display that
provides haptic, or skin-contact, feedback. The watch has sensors on its back to
monitor heart rate. The focus of the watch -- with so many health and fitness
features built in -- appears to be health oriented.

The new Apple Watches come in two sizes and three basic models: stainless steel,
an aluminum-cased sport model and a high-end 18-karat gold version, all with a
selection of interchangeable bands.

The watches, which require the use of an iPhone, support apps that include
Chinese messaging app QQ messenger and micro-blogging app Sina Weibo.

The invitation-only event was held in the Flint Center for the Performing Arts
in Cupertino, a throwback to the venue where Apple first launched the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago and the same stage where the iMac was launched.

"It is great to be back to the Flint Center, down the road from the Apple home
center," said Cook. "We had some of the most important apple products on this
stage"

In lieu of the normal announcements of updates happening in the Mac World, Cook
moved directly into the meat of the conference, talking about the iPhone.

"Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," he
said. "I couldn't be more excited and more proud to show it to you now."

Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to introduce the new smartphones -- the 4.7-inch screen iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Both sport a myriad of technology upgrades, from faster WiFi to faster LTE
cellular connections. Both phones will launch with the new iOS 8 operating
system. (Software updates will go out to older iPhones (the 4S and later) on
September 17.)

The new phones come with what Apple calls Retina HD, an upgrade to their current
Retina display technology, the 6 supports up to 1 million pixels and the 6-plus
up to 2 million pixels.

The new phones are also thinner. On the new 6 Plus, apps can be used in
Horizontal views.

Previously, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs made comments about bigger-sized
phones having issues in terms of use, as in being difficult to use with one
hand. Apple's move to bigger displays is seen as emulating what Android makers
such as Samsung and HTC have already done.

Beyond the displays, Apple has put out a new 64-bit chip, the A8, the second
generation, which promises to be 25 percent faster in CPU use and 50 percent
better in graphics processing. This new processing power is supposedly better in
terms of power use. The new iPhones will have better battery life than the
iPhone 5S, the company says.

To show off the power of the new phone, Apple brought Super Evil Megacorp
co-founder and chief creative officer Stephan Sherman on to the stage to show
off their new Massive Online Battle Arena game VainGlory.

The new iPhone will make standard calls from Wifi to Cellular. Schiller said the
technology allowed users to talk on Wifi and then transition seamlessly into
cellular voice.

The upgrade to the iPhones' camera isn't much on paper, but Apple claims the new
iPhone 6's have censors comparable to popular DSLR cameras. As for video, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will take 1080p video at 60 frames per-second and slo-mo
videos at 240 fps. Apple has also included time-lapse functions.

Along with the new iPhones, Apple is pushing a new Apple Pay mobile payment
system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised, it's no wonder that
people have dreamed of replacing these for years, but they've all failed," said
Tim Cook. "We love this kind of problem, this is exactly what Apple does best,
and so we created an entirely new payment process and we call it Apple Pay."

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of internet software and services,
talked about the security of Apple Pay. Credit and debit cards uploaded to the
iPhone are iPhone only. Credit card information isn't stored on the device.

"We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Cue.

Apple Pay comes with every iPhone 6 and 6plus and will start in the US with
American Express, MasterCard and Visa.

Daniel Matte, an analyst with Canalys, said that Apple's announcement delivered
what Apple needed to deliver and the Apple Watch stole the show.

"On the iPhone side, they delivered what they needed to," said Matte. "I think
they're in a very competitive position, putting out two bigger sizes like what
the market has been demanding."

Matte says that the 5.5-inch screen model will work well and appeal to a lot of
people. His only concern is the supply. Matte says that despite China not being
listed as one of the first countries for roll out, it still may be faster than
previous iPhone launches. Matte says that Apple is focused on the China market.

In regards to the Apple Watch, Matte pointed out that this was the first major
non-Steve Jobs product.

"I think the take away is that this is a new area of software, a new direction,
a new user interface, a post Steve Jobs product," said Matte. "It'll take a lot
of time to evaluate the software to see if it's something consumers will take
to, but I do think that the price point and the cool factor -- such as the
software and the different functionalities -- will appeal to a lot of customers
and sales will be quite strong."

Apple's demo of the Apple Watch showed a few Chinese made applications. Matte
says that this, plus Apple's push into China, shows that Apple is committed to
the Chinese market.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 plus will go on sale in the US and Hong Kong among other
countries for 199 for the 16gb with a 2 year contract and 299 for the 64gb. The
6 Plus will start at 299 with a two-year contract on September 19. Both come in
silver, gold and black.

The Apple Watch will go on sale in early 2015 starting at $349.

ericjou@chinadaily.com.cn
Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

SIDEBAR

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Hands-on

Apple's latest entries in the iPhone series are two different screen sized
phones. As when Apple upped the screen sizes with the iPhone 5, the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus take screen sizes to higher level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum blocks.
In lieu of the blockier older look, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin, much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light, light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices feels like it detracts from the premium feel that Apple
has cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones come with the new "Retina HD" screens, however the 6 Plus benefits
from having a larger screen size. Both screens produce clear crisp images.
Visiting ESPN with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily wasn't able to test the
Facetime burst function and the Time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Hands-on Impression

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two different screen sizes and technically three different
models (all together 6), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It's not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course looks are in the eye of the beholder,
considering other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches.
Apple's device is "rectangular".

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the device
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo being played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full hands-on test drive with the
software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

Ericjou@Chinadaily.com.cn

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       October 5, 2014 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 And iPhone 6 Plus China Bookings Cross 6 Million Count Within Six Hours

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 279  words


Retailers and three mobile carriers in China - China Mobile, China Telecom and
China Unicom have booked over 2 million reservations for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus within the mere initial six hours of launch.

Saturday, October 04, 2014: According to multiple reports from China, the
retailers and telecom operators have came across over 2 million reservations
within the initial six hours of opening of new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus for
the end users. Apple received approval from Chinese government in the end of
September.

Apple Insider revealed the stats citing few Chinese publication reports, stating
that the retailers and three Chinese mobile carriers including China Mobile,
China Telecom and China Unicom have booked over 2 million reservations for
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

As per the reports, majority of the bookings have been made for 64GB variant of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The smartphones are lined up for release on 17
October over all three Chinese carriers. During the opening weekend after the
original release date, that is 9 September, Apple stated that it sold 10 million
of its new iPhone models globally. Apple plans to roll out new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus across 115 countries in this year. Up till now, the smartphone has
been officially released in over 20 markets, including United States, UK,
France, Germany, Canada, Australia, Japan, Hong Kong, and Singapore.

Apple is expected to officially launch the smartphones in India, on 17 October,
however it has already paved its way through the grey market in the country. The
company has listed the smartphone with "coming Soon" tag in three colour
variants including Gold, Silver, and Space Grey.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Townsville Edition

Time is right to take look at new hi-tech watch

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 505  words


REVIEW The first thing you notice about the Apple Watch is that there isn't much
watch to notice. The Watch comes in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm, and three
models.

Those three models mean that the same basic watch dressed up in three ways means
it is an attractive to more than one market, and more than the just tech heads.

I tried on the Watch and it was noticeably lighter than the Garmin 220 runner's
watch that is usually on my wrist. The Watch Sport, with an alloy case, is even
lighter.

Just like the home button on your iPhone lets you control everything, the
digital crown on the side of the Watch is your first port of call.

Roll it and apps slide up or down, touch it to select what you want. The obvious
question about the Apple Watch is "do you need to wear it as a companion to your
iPhone".

The answer is yes, no and maybe.

Let's say you want to go out for a run. If you have your iPhone with you, the
Watch pairs to the smartphone and uses the GPS in the phone to give you pace and
distance information.

If you don't want to carry a iPhone on your run, the Watch will still measure
your pace and distance using a built-in accelerometer.

You can pair your Watch with a iPhone 5 or higher, and the Watch lets you use
Apple Pay.

So, while you will only be able to use the Apple Pay tap-and-touch with a iPhone
6 or iPhone 6 Plus, if you have a iPhone 5, 5S or 5C and an Apple Watch you can
still tap-and-touch to pay.

The watch has 11 faces to choose from, with each face being customisable. For
instance, you can choose to have a display that shows time and sunset and
sunrise time with space on the edge to indicate how you're going with your
fitness goals.

While many people are likely to see the Watch as a better option than the
fitness activity tracker they bought but don't bother wearing, the watch also
has appeal to those a bit more serious about their fitness.

While the Apple Watch stole the show, two new iPhones are nothing to scoff at.
The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus were just as expected - except for the name.
That Plus was a bit out of left field. Yes, they are thin. Yes, they are big.

The iPhone 6 Plus, like all phablets, presents a challenge for some small hands.
With the iPhone 6 Plus, I had trouble reaching the top of the screen when
holding it with one hand - but the new double tap gesture helps there.

Just tap twice (not press) on the home button and the app drops down so that it
only takes up the bottom half of the screen, putting even the top row of icons
within easy reach.

The S5 is waterproof, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are not.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have the look of a shrunk iPad Air. They're thinner than
the iPhone 5S and have a rounded, modern look.

One weakness of the iPhone has always been its battery.

The iPhone 6 Plus is said to give 12 hours of Wi-Fi browsing (compared to 10
hours for the 5S) and 80 hours of audio (40 hours on the iPhone 5S).The only
thing that certain is that now, with Apple and Samsung both in the phablet
market, you no longer have to compare Apples with oranges.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Thumbs up for latest iPhone models?;
With Hong Kong release imminent, our reviewer takes to the MTR for a test ride

BYLINE: Bien Perez bien.perez@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 449 words


Apple will release its newest products, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Hong
Kong and eight other places around the world tomorrow.

Pre-orders for the smartphones - the company's thinnest yet and with the largest
displays to date - hit a record four million in the nine markets last Friday.

Ahead of their release, the                South China Morning Post briefly
tested both devices using SmarTone Telecommunications' 4G mobile network.

I have been a satisfied iPhone user since Apple first partnered with mobile
network operator Three Hong Kong in 2008 to release the iPhone 3G in the city.

The new phones are solid and smooth to the touch. As Apple brings back its
curved design, gone are the edges found on the previous iPhone models.

The larger of the new models takes getting used to and is a tad slippery at
first. A protective case to provide a better grip is recommended.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display that offers 38 per cent more viewing area
than the iPhone 5s' 4-inch screen, according to Apple. The iPhone 6 Plus has a
5.5-inch display, with 88 per cent more viewing area than the iPhone 5s.

Riding the MTR and using the new phones with one hand, I had no problem
navigating from Twitter to LinkedIn, Gmail and the mobile SCMP site even while
answering phone calls. Using the iPhone 6 Plus, I read a Jo Nesbo novel as
easily as I do on my iPad.

The volume buttons on the left-hand side of the new iPhones have a thin,
elongated design, which make them easy to find and use. The on/off button has
also been moved from the top of the phone to its right-hand side, which is
conveniently within reach even with the jumbo-sized iPhone 6 Plus.

My next test was to try putting the devices comfortably into my front right
jeans pocket, which is where I usually carry my phone. I had my reservations,
but this proved no problem.

The iPhone 6 is 6.9 millimetres  thick and the iPhone 6 Plus 7.1mm. These
figures compare favourably with the iPhone 5s, which is 7.6mm thick. .

The user-friendly "reachability" and "display zoom" features are a welcome
addition to the large-display devices.

The reachability feature shifts the page on-screen down so a user's thumb can
access elements previously out of reach. Double-touch - not double-press - the
home button to activate the feature. With display zoom, users can increase the
size of what is seen on the  screen.

So which new iPhone model should you choose? The most convenient path is the
iPhone 6, but I suggest trying out the iPhone 6 Plus at your mobile service
provider's shop to get used to the size. Or not.

Available in grey, silver and gold, prices for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
start from HK$5,588 and HK$6,388.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 KSA launch set at Sep 26 from Mobily

LENGTH: 298  words


Mobily announced the launch of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the
Kingdom's markets on Friday 26th September 2014, in a move that reflects the
company's leadership in bringing the latest and best smartphones to its
subscribers. The new generation of the iPhone is the slimmest ever introduced,
as the thickness of iPhone [...]
The post iPhone 6 KSA launch set at Sep 26 from Mobily appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

Mobily announced the launch of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the
Kingdom's markets on Friday 26th September 2014, in a move that reflects the
company's leadership in bringing the latest and best smartphones to its
subscribers.

The new generation of the iPhone is the slimmest ever introduced, as the
thickness of iPhone 6 is 6.9 mm, whereas the iPhone 6 Plus thickness is 7.1 mm
only. Apple Company has developed also the screen size of the new iPhone
generation, a size of 4.7 inch with 1334 × 750 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 and
5.5 inch HD with 1920 × 1080 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 Plus and both screens
enjoy the feature Retina HD.

Apple was also keen to strengthen their iPhones with a new generation of A8
processors which are faster than the previous one in addition to a new operating
system IOS 8. The battery performance was improved to operate for a longer
period with no need to recharge.

Mobily will provide iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in all colors as announced by the
company: Silver, Gold and grey and as per the smartphones packages.

It is noteworthy that Mobily has a broad experience in launching the iPhone
smartphones in the domestic market, as it was the first company in the Kingdom
that managed to launch the first Apple iPhone and smart devices in early 2009.

The post iPhone 6 KSA launch set at Sep 26 from Mobily appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Apple reports huge demand for iPhone 6

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 428 words


CUPERTINO -- Websites crashed and sales soared Friday as consumers raced to be
among the first to buy the latest iPhones.

Apple saw a record number of pre-orders after the newest versions of its iconic
phone went up for advance sale in the wee hours of Friday morning, a company
spokeswoman said. The demand is stretching resources at the nation's major
cellphone carriers, where the new iPhones appeared to be back ordered and
several website glitches were reported. Apple drummed up excitement for the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which feature larger screens, at a glitzy event in
the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on Tuesday.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible," Apple spokeswoman
Teresa Brewer said in a statement.

The new gadgets are scheduled to arrive in retail stores Friday, but many
consumers decided to stake their claims online, pushing back shipment times. By
midday Friday, Verizon's website forecast an Oct. 7 delivery date for the iPhone
6 and an Oct. 21 arrival for the iPhone 6 Plus. AT&T indicated on its website
that the iPhone 6 would ship sometime in October, and the larger iPhone 6 Plus
would not go out until November. AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said demand for this
year's new models topped what the company had seen in the previous two years.

"Suffice to say that our customers are really, really interested in these great
new devices," he said.

With screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are
considerably bigger than Apple devices released last year, which measured 4
inches diagonally. Although many manufacturers have delivered devices with
larger screens in recent years, Apple has held out until now, creating pent-up
demand for a supersize iPhone. Analyst Bob O'Donnell of TECHnalysis Research
predicted that Apple's share of the smartphone market will climb a few
percentage points now that it is offering bigger screens, which consumers find
handy as they watch videos and play games on their phones.

"It's the kind of change that dramatically impacts how you think about and use
your phone," he said.

The iPhone 6, which starts at $199 with a two-year contract, and iPhone 6 Plus,
priced at $299, feature a sharper display, extended battery life and an improved
camera. Apple announced at the event Tuesday that consumers will be able to make
calls using Wi-Fi on the devices, but some consumers may have to wait for that
feature. Siegel of AT&T said WiFi calls will not be available until early next
year.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LONDON, ENGLAND - SEPTEMBER 10: Shoppers wait in tents outside the
Apple Store on Regent Street as they queue to be the first to purchase the
forthcoming 'iPhone 6' mobile phone on September 10, 2014 in London, England.
The hotly anticipated mobile phone is due to be released on September 19, 2014.
(Photo by Oli Scarff/Getty Images)
Tomoaki Watanabe, right, 22, and Shion Tamura, center, 20, chat as they camp out
in the front end of a line outside an Apple Store to buy Apple's new mobile
phones at Tokyo's Ginza shopping district in Tokyo, Thursday, Sept. 11, 2014.
The iPhone 6 will feature a 4.7-inch screen, up from the 4-inch screen on the
models released in each of the previous two years. The iPhone 6 Plus will have a
5.5-inch screen and other improvements, including longer battery life. The
mobile phones will be on Japanese market on September 19. (AP Photo/Koji
Sasahara)
biz section---The iPhone 6 Plus is displayed during an announcement of new
products by Apple on Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP
Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Mum On Orders, Upbeat On Early Sales; China Is Included This Time; Apple
usually releases initial iPhone preorders; 6S Plus demand strong

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 529 words


Apple on Monday balked at giving first-day pre-order numbers for the iPhone 6 S,
despite doing so for most other models.

Instead, Apple said that its iPhone 6 S smartphones were "on pace" to beat the
first-weekend sales record (10 million units) set by iPhone 6 handsets last
year.

The iPhone 6 S was available for pre-order starting Saturday in 12 countries vs.
10 for the iPhone 6. The additional two countries this year are China and New
Zealand.

Last year, Apple announced 4 million pre-orders of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
handsets, compared with 2 million for the iPhone 5 in 2012. It didn't make
2013's iPhone 5 S available for pre-order.

The iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus handsets will be sold in stores starting
Friday, Sept. 25.

"Customer response to iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple said. "We
are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when the
new iPhones go on sale September 25."

Apple said it is struggling to keep up with "exceptionally strong" demand for
the larger-screen iPhone 6 S.

"We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6 S
Plus as well as  iPhone 6 S units available at Apple retail stores when they
open next Friday," the company said.

Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi saw the news as "mixed."

"Typically Apple provides an update on the number of orders it receives during
its first 24 hours," he said in a Monday note. "Apple did not provide this
figure today, raising the question of whether it might be lower than last year's
total of 4 million."

Given that China accounts for more than 20% of iPhone unit sales, initial iPhone
6 S pre-orders should have been larger than last year's, Sacconaghi said.

Apple did signal that first-weekend sales, including two weeks of pre-orders,
will top last year's iPhone 6 launch. But this largely reflects its ability to
supply handsets, he said. Pre-orders are a better gauge of consumer demand.

Sacconaghi rates Apple stock as outperform with a 135 price target. Shares rose
1% to 115.30.

Apple is likely to announce first-weekend iPhone 6 S sales on Monday Sept. 28,
Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a note Monday. He expects sales of 12
million to 13 million units, vs. 10 million a year earlier.

"The iPhone 6 S cycle seems to be off to a 10%-20% better start than the iPhone
6," Munster said, but "excluding China, the numbers likely suggest 0%-10%."

He added: "We are modeling 3% year-over-year growth for the 6 S cycle." Because
Wall Street had seen only flat unit sales, "we view today's update as a solid
start to the 6 S cycle."

Munster reiterated his overweight rating on Apple stock and price target of 172.

The initial Phone 6 S Plus handset shortage could suggest a mix shift towards
the more expensive models, boosting average selling prices, Wells Fargo
Securities analyst Maynard Um said. The Plus models also are believed to carry
higher profit margins.

Um rates Apple stock as outperform with a fair value of 125 to 135.

The iPhone 6 S handsets feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster processor
and improved front- and rear-facing cameras.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                  EAST EDITION

Apple Mum On Orders, Upbeat On Early Sales China Is Included This Time Apple
usually releases initial iPhone preorders; 6S Plus demand strong

SECTION: A; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 536 words


BY PATRICK SEITZ

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY

Apple on Monday balked at giving first-day pre-order numbers for the iPhone 6 S,
despite doing so for most other models.

Instead, Apple said that its iPhone 6 S smartphones were "on pace" to beat the
first-weekend sales record (10 million units) set by iPhone 6 handsets last
year.

The iPhone 6 S was available for pre-order starting Saturday in 12 countries vs.
10 for the iPhone 6. The additional two countries this year are China and New
Zealand.

Last year, Apple announced 4 million pre-orders of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
handsets, compared with 2 million for the iPhone 5 in 2012. It didn't make
2013's iPhone 5 S available for pre-order.

The iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus handsets will be sold in stores starting
Friday, Sept. 25.

"Customer response to iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple said. "We
are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when the
new iPhones go on sale September 25."

Apple said it is struggling to keep up with "exceptionally strong" demand for
the larger-screen iPhone 6 S.

"We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6 S
Plus as well as  iPhone 6 S units available at Apple retail stores when they
open next Friday," the company said.

Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi saw the news as "mixed."

"Typically Apple provides an update on the number of orders it receives during
its first 24 hours," he said in a Monday note. "Apple did not provide this
figure today, raising the question of whether it might be lower than last year's
total of 4 million."

Given that China accounts for more than 20% of iPhone unit sales, initial iPhone
6 S pre-orders should have been larger than last year's, Sacconaghi said.

Apple did signal that first-weekend sales, including two weeks of pre-orders,
will top last year's iPhone 6 launch. But this largely reflects its ability to
supply handsets, he said. Pre-orders are a better gauge of consumer demand.

Sacconaghi rates Apple stock as outperform with a 135 price target. Shares rose
1% to 115.30.

Apple is likely to announce first-weekend iPhone 6 S sales on Monday Sept. 28,
Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a note Monday. He expects sales of 12
million to 13 million units, vs. 10 million a year earlier.

"The iPhone 6 S cycle seems to be off to a 10%-20% better start than the iPhone
6," Munster said, but "excluding China, the numbers likely suggest 0%-10%."

He added: "We are modeling 3% year-over-year growth for the 6 S cycle." Because
Wall Street had seen only flat unit sales, "we view today's update as a solid
start to the 6 S cycle."

Munster reiterated his overweight rating on Apple stock and price target of 172.

The initial Phone 6 S Plus handset shortage could suggest a mix shift towards
the more expensive models, boosting average selling prices, Wells Fargo
Securities analyst Maynard Um said. The Plus models also are believed to carry
higher profit margins.

Um rates Apple stock as outperform with a fair value of 125 to 135.

The iPhone 6 S handsets feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster processor
and improved front- and rear-facing cameras.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Camera comparison: Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj & Hitesh Raj Bhagat

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 881 words


By now, everyone knows that the Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4
have great cameras. By how do they stand up when pitted against each other? We
found out in a head-to-head comparison.

How we tested it

There's not a lot you can do by way of settings (especially in the iPhone 6 Plus
and especially when using the default photography apps). However, we did stick
to the default apps and the default 'full auto' settings and auto ISO settings -
since that is how most people will use them. For the low light photographs where
camera shake was a high possibility, we used a tripod and the self-timer to
capture the photograph.

There are a total of 10 different scenarios, representing different types of
lighting, different subjects and a different times of day. We made sure that the
lenses were clean, captured each scenario with both phones, one after the other
and multiple photographs were taken. For the final comparisons, the best photo
of the lot were chosen. As far as possible, the same composition was used.

However, you may still notice some differences in the amount of detail captured
because the sensors used have different resolutions: the Note 4 camera sensor is
16 Megapixels while the iPhone 6 Plus camera sensor is 8 Megapixels.

Scenario 1 - The Garden

These photographs were taken outdoors at 8am. Looking at the complete photo, the
iPhone 6 Plus has obviously captured the more pleasing image. On a closer look,
the green grass looks slightly oversaturated but the rest of the objects were
truer to life. Noise levels were kept in check on both phones. The iPhone 6 Plus
takes this round because it just looked better to everyone who saw it.

Winner: iPhone 6 Plus

Scenario 2 - The Squirrel

These photographs were taken on the same day as the Garden, at roughly the same
time (8:15am). Here, the iPhone 6 Plus pulled off the more pleasing image but
the Note 4 captured more detail -seen in the fine lines of the squirrel and on
the yellow watering can. There was no clear winner.

Winner: Tie

Scenario 3 - The Globe

Captured indoors at night using a tripod and the room was lit by warm white CFL
bulbs. The globe has a single, 25 watt tungsten bulb inside it. The Note 4
offered a brighter image overall (areas around the globe were better lit)
however iPhone 6 Plus offered a higher level of detail and captured better
colour which was able to bring out the subtle variations of the globe surface.

Winner: iPhone 6 Plus

Scenario 4 - Bottles

This photograph was captured indoors and the only light was from six, overhead,
60 watt tungsten bulbs. The bottles were placed on a glass table and a tripod
was used. Both photographs look remarkably similar but if you zoom in, it's
clear that the Note 4 offered higher detail and lower levels of noise. The
higher noise in the iPhone 6 Plus was also muddling the edges of the bottles
together.

Winner: Note 4

Scenario 5 - Pac Man

This photograph was captured indoors and the subject is a Pac Man lamp with a 15
watt tungsten bulb inside. The black areas of the lamp are opaque while light
comes out from the coloured designs. The room was lit with six, overhead 60 watt
tungsten bulbs and the phones were placed on the wooden counter using a
Gorillapod. The Note 4 captured some details better (like the magenta paper) but
overall, the iPhone takes this round because of more accurate colour -
especially the yellow Pac Man.

Winner: iPhone 6 Plus

\xA0

Scenario 6 - Woolen Braids

This image was captured indoors at 1pm with natural light streaming in from a
window to the right of the subject. The iPhone 6 Plus gave a yellow tint to the
entire image. This one was no contest - the Note 4 easily managed to best the
iPhone with a sharper and overall more pleasing image.

Winner - Note 4

Scenario 7 - Thor Lowlight

This image of a plastic Thor figurine was taken indoors at night with a single
overhead light source. The Note 4 captured the better shot with the subject more
evenly lit up. The iPhone had more accurate colour but the Note 4 captured a lot
more detail with lesser noise. This one goes to the Note 4 because the colours
were easily corrected and it performed better in low light.

Winner - Note 4

Scenario 8 - Ganesha

This image taken in the morning hours with the Ganesha stone carving placed
under a building shade. Ganesha's face was selected as the focus point and the
phones were handheld. While both phones took well-detailed shots, the iPhone 6
Plus shows more vivid colours while the Note 4 impressed with natural,
true-to-life colours. This one's a tie.

Winner- Tie

Scenario 9 - Watch details

The watch was placed outside on a metal grill in the afternoon. Both phones
captured a similar shade of green. There was no contest here because the Note 4
clearly captured the sharper image - better details were visible all the way up
to a 100% crop.

Winner - Note 4

Scenario 10 - Plant outdoors

This is a close up of a plant taken during the early evening hours. The depth of
field on the iPhone 6 Plus looks better at first glance. However, at a 50% crop,
you can clearly see the better detail captured by the Note 4.

Winner - Note 4

Conclusion

That makes a total of 3 wins for the iPhone 6 Plus, 2 ties and 5 wins for the
Note 4. This comparison was based entirely on photographs taken in auto mode.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Plus-size iPhones live up to the hype;
In first test drive, bigger real estate comes in handy

BYLINE: Edward C. Baig

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1318 words


Are the bigger iPhones worth all this big-time attention? The answer is a
resounding yes, a point emphasized by consumers who've preordered the 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus in record numbers. These are the phones
Apple devotees have been waiting for: iPhones that measure up to what's fast
becoming the new normal -- the large, modern smartphone display. Count me among
those glad they're here.

People have preordered on faith, since they haven't seen these super-sized
iPhones up close or experienced what they feel like in pockets and handbags. I
have and let me be reassuring -- you won't regret your decision, though going
big may require a small adjustment, and my experience wasn't totally
trouble-free.

The new phones are enclosed in sturdy anodized aluminum. And though the handsets
are bigger and heavier their predecessors, they're also thinner. The sleep/power
button has moved to the side. Each has the Touch ID fingerprint scanner
introduced on the iPhone 5s.

The 6 Plus is the first Apple phone to enter the phablet category popularized by
Samsung's Notes. Samsung has been running ads -- a bit defensively I think --
knocking the new iPhone as playing catch-up with even its older Notes models.
But while Samsung's phablets are equipped with souped-up styluses called the S
Pen for writing and other tricks, Apple eschews the pen.

Here's a closer look at the 6 Plus and the 6.

SIZING UP THE SIZES. The iPhone 5 and 5s really do look like a kid brother
placed next to the 6 or 6 Plus; the iPhone 4 or 4s models are practically
toddler-sized.

I prefer the 6 Plus because I like the biggest of the big screens, and like that
I have to squint less often. It felt fine in my jeans pocket, but won't fit
every snug purse or small pair of hands.

The 5.5-inch 6 Plus has an 88% larger viewing area than the 5s. The 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 has a 38% larger area. Both have splendid Retina HD displays, with
resolutions of 1334 X 750 and 1920 X 1080 respectively.

The screens accommodate an extra row of home screen icons. And when you're
checking your calendar, you can glance at seven days of appointments at once on
the 6 Plus in the weekly landscape view, compared with six days on the 6 or five
days on the 5.

It's harder (but not impossible) to use the iPhone 6 Plus one-handed, even with
Apple adding a gesture called Reachability which makes the top portion of the
display move down toward the bottom when you gently double-tap the home button.

It's also still a tad unnatural to hold a really large phone up to your ear
during a call. In that sense the 6 felt more comfortable.

Apple made other accommodations on the 6 Plus: When you rotate the phone to its
side, some apps display a two-panel view. On both new phones you have the option
of choosing a standard view with normal-size icons and fonts, or a zoomed view
that gives you bigger controls but less room for other stuff.

Developers may have to make some adjustments before their apps are iPhone 6 Plus
- ready. The search icon inside the YouTube app actually touched the Bluetooth
icon and the battery gauge in the Apple task bar.

The rumored rugged Sapphire display didn't happen (though Sapphire covers the
Touch ID button and the camera lens), so if you're the type to protect your
phone with a case, you'll obviously have to spring for a bigger replacement.

CAMERAS. Larger displays double as larger viewfinders, a benefit to
photographers. You can use either volume button to fire off a picture, which is
nice. I generally found the 6 easier to maneuver, though the 6 Plus has an
optical image-stabilization feature that the 6 lacks, to reduce the shakes when
you're shooting video. Video I shot on the 6 Plus from a moving car came out
smooth. However, on the 6 Plus I once couldn't stop shooting a video, an
apparent bug. You can now shoot high-definition videos at a faster (60fps) frame
rate and also shoot time-lapse videos. And Apple has also improved the focusing
system. I was pleased with the quality of pictures and videos I shot.

Of note, selfie fans can now capture 10 photos per second as part of a burst
mode feature added to the front camera. I took advantage of a timer feature that
gives you three or 10 seconds to prepare for your close-up burst.

iOS 8. The operating system need not play second fiddle to the hardware; iOS 8
brings numerous improvements, starting with a better predictive Apple keyboard
you come to appreciate quickly. The ability to install third-party keyboards as
on Android phones is an added plus.

The new Health app is a useful repository for all sorts of health and fitness
data. I used it to display the number of stairs I climbed, a measurement made
possible by the barometer inside the new phones.

IOS 8 has also improved notifications and messaging. For example, you can tap
and swipe to add a recording to an outgoing text message that can expire in two
minutes. Also promising is a Family Sharing feature that lets you and other
members of the household share a calendar, photos and iTunes, iBook and app
purchases. You can make the kids ask before they buy. Expect frequent requests:
The App Store now has more than 1.3 million apps.

APPLE PAY. Can Apple get you to shop your way through a mall with a wave of your
phone? We'll find out come October, when Apple Pay debuts for the 6 and 6 Plus.

I got to demo Apple Pay but not test it in the real world with crowded shoppers.
The process certainly seems simple. In a store, you'll place the phone within
about an inch of a compatible terminal while pressing the Touch ID fingerprint
scanner to transact -- pretty robust security right there. There's no need to
unlock the phone.

Your credit cards are stored in the up-to-now seldom used Passbook app. Payment
info is kept secure inside a chip on the phone. The merchant never sees your
actual credit card number, and Apple is kept in the dark on what you bought or
spent. If your phone is lost or stolen you can remove your cards from Passbook
remotely through Find My iPhone. But there's no need to actually cancel your
credit cards.

BATTERY. Both new phones have bigger batteries, which should yield better
results than on prior iPhones. Apple is touting longer battery life on the 6
Plus compared with the 6, up to 14 hours watching video, vs. 11 hours. I didn't
conduct a formal test, but after a day of heavy mixed use, the battery on the 6
Plus pooped out about 7:15 p.m.

GROWING PAINS. With the 6 and 6 Plus, Apple ditched a 32GB storage model. If you
take lots of pictures and videos or download frequent apps, the 16GB entry
capacity may not cut it. Now the step-up is 64GB or 128 GB.

Inside is a new Apple-designed A8 chip and the phone is snappy. But I hit a few
snags, especially with the 6 Plus. A few times, the 6 Plus failed to rotate from
landscape to portrait or back (the rotation lock was unlocked). Once the Mail
app froze. Another time the 6 Plus restarted on its own. Reachability also
didn't work one time until I rebooted the phone. Hopefully this is an
aberration.

Notwithstanding such growing pains, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are smartphone
stars. Really big stars.

Baig is the co-author of iPhone For Dummies, an independent work published by
Wiley.

---

THE BOTTOM LINE

IPhone 6 and 6 Plus

www.apple.com

IPhone 6 is $199 (16 GB), $299 (64GB) and $399 (128GB) with two year contracts
from AT&T, Sprint and Verizon Wireless or $649, $749 or $849, contract-free from
T-Mobile.

IPhone 6 Plus is $299, $399 and $499 on AT&T, Sprint and Verizon with two-year
contracts, or $749, $849 or $949 contract-free from T-Mobile.

Pro. Large displays provide extra screen real estate. Touch ID. IOS features
such as Health app and redesigned predictive keyboards. Improved camera and
Photos app. Optical image stabilization (iPhone 6 Plus only).

Con. IPhone 6 Plus may be too large for some users. 6 Plus was buggy. You may
need to buy new cases or other accessories to accommodate larger displays.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Retailers look to woo Apple lovers, who line up for newest iPhone

BYLINE: Denise Allabaugh, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


Sept. 20--WILKES-BARRE TWP. -- A long line of people awaiting the launch of the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus stretched outside the Verizon Wireless store on
Schechter Drive early Friday.

"They started camping out last night. The earliest person got here as the store
closed last night," said Chris Blasi, advanced solutions architect for Verizon
Wireless. "It's been very busy."

In the past, customers paid about the same price for their iPhone and were
presented with the same options no matter where they went.

Now, providers like Verizon Wireless and retailers like Best Buy, Target, Radio
Shack and Wal-Mart offer discounts and other perks like trade-in and sign-on
bonuses and gift cards to try to win more customers.

"That makes good sense because they got the crowds out there and they
(retailers) all want to get a piece of the action," said Anthony Liuzzo, Ph.D.,
director of business programs for Wilkes University.

Verizon Wireless provided customers a $200 gift card when they traded in an
iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5 or iPhone 5c and purchased a new iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus. Owners of the iPhone 5S received a $300 Verizon gift card.
Verizon Wireless also accelerated upgrades on Friday, Mr. Blasi said.

While the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus drew lines, crowds and
retailer promotions, Dr. Liuzzo said it did not elevate to the level of an event
like Black Friday since tech enthusiasts who want the latest phones were only
purchasing a specific item.

"I don't think anybody really needs it, but people want it. It's a specialty
good," he said. "It's kind of a status symbol among some people."

Kingston resident Ian Mondelice, 26, traded in his iPhone 5S for the iPhone 6
Friday and got a $300 gift card at Verizon Wireless.

"I'm only paying about $50 for the phone so that's a good deal," Mr. Mondelice
said.

Mr. Mondelice arrived as Verizon Wireless opened at 8 a.m. and solutions
specialist Ainsley Maiers set up his new iPhone at about 10 a.m. amid a crowded
store.

"Usually, you wait hours," he said. "I like the bigger screen, the faster
processor, the better camera and more features like Apple Pay."

According to Apple, pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus topped 4
million during the first 24 hours, a new record for the tech giant.

Kris Jones, founder of ReferLocal.com and KBJ Capital and co-Founder of the
French Girls app, bought an iPhone 6 from the Verizon website on the morning it
went on sale and said he couldn't wait to get it Friday.

"Honestly, I was worried about Apple post-Steve Jobs, but with the release of
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus as well as Apple Pay and Apple Watch, I think Apple is cool
again," Mr. Jones said.

Mr. Jones likes the iPhone 6's improved resolution for FaceTime and its bigger
screen, which he said makes for a better experience viewing pictures, launching
apps and navigating the phone.

The iPhone 6 screen is 4.7 inches and the iPhone 6 Plus screen is 5.5 inches,
said Connor Scalleat, founder of Krate, a website and mobile application
development company in Forty Fort. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have Apple's new A8
processor, which is 50 percent faster than the iPhone 5S, he said.

Mr. Scalleat said his favorite addition to the iPhone 6 is Apple Pay, an easy
way to make payments with the touch of a finger.

"In addition, Apple is boasting loads of added security features such as remote
deactivation, no card numbers displayed, and they do not track your purchases,"
he said.

Contact the writer:

dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-YC-Retailers-look-to-woo-Apple-lovers-who-line-up-for-newest-
iPhone-0920-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "premium" and "budget" tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

Which is the Fairest iPhone of All?

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 598  words


Looking at the performance numbers for the latest additions to the Apple iPhone
family compared with the 2014 launch would only tell half the story. We are all
very familiar with the Apple's so-called "tick-tock launch cadence" of releasing
significant hardware changes every other year. When the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
launched in September, we shared with you some data highlighting the opportunity
that remained in the market (Apple's replacement opportunity is far from over),
not only for Apple's new models but also for the 2014 models now available at a
lower price point.

Now that we have a full month of sales figures for the newest additions to the
family, the time is right to examine how 2015 performance compared to the
previous two launches. With launch windows that were very similar over the past
three releases, the comparison when we look at the three months ending in
October is a fair one. From a share perspective of 33.3% overall, Apple's
performance is well below its 40.8% share in 2013 and 41.5% share in 2014. Yet
overall volumes are pretty much identical to what was sold in 2013, while down
25% from 2014's sales. To put Apple's performance into perspective, the overall
market is about 6% down over 2014 and 22% up over 2013.

When looking at the specific comparison among the new models, the iPhone 6s and
6s Plus are actually performing reasonably well as a percentage of iOS sales.
Specifically, the iPhone 6s represented 24.4% of iPhone sales in the three
months ending in October 2015 compared to the 33% of the iPhone 6 in 2014 and
22% of the iPhone 5s in 2013. The iPhone 6s Plus represented 10.8% of iPhone
overall sales in the three months ending in October 2015, compared to 10% of the
iPhone 6 Plus in 2014, and 16% of the iPhone 5c in 2013.

Buyers of the new iPhone models certainly feel they know enough about them, as
42% of them did not conduct any research before buying the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus. This compares to 37% who did no research before buying the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus in 2014.

Finally, when we consider key purchase drivers, things have changed a bit over
the years. In 2014, 47% of the Apple's flagships buyers mentioned LTE as a
driver, while that percentage dropped to 31% for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus buyers.
The size of the screen remained at the top of the list in 2015 as it did in
2014, but dropped to 52% from 56%. While Live Photos are not directly mentioned,
they might be driving the high number (42%) of buyers of the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus who mentioned the quality of the camera as a driver. This compares to 36%
for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014.

One last point to consider when evaluating the relative success of the newest
iPhone models is that sales of models that do not have a full hardware redesign
tend to ramp up more gradually. Between September and December 2013, sales of
the iPhone 5s as a percentage of all iPhone sales went from 13% in September to
37% in October, 47% in November, and 45% in December. The iPhone 6 over the same
months in 2014 went from 32% to 48%, to 39%, to 55%. The iPhone 6s represented
25% of iPhone sales in September and 37% in October, pointing to a ramp-up
similar to that of the 5s.

This is a lot of data to digest for a short blog, but the underlying message is
clear: the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have, thus far, delivered solid performances in
the US market and attention needs to be paid to the next few months as the sales
ramp-up continues.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/5/145059272750.jpg

Which is the Fairest iPhone of All?

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/9/145059272952.png



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2015 World of Media JLT
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Central Queensland News

                               September 24, 2014

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 31

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RCQ


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               September 23, 2014

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSB


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Northern Star and Rural Weekly (New South Wales)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly-released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LNS


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Queensland Times (Ipswich)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQT


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

But which is best?

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 521  words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple's newly released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are put through
their paces

The Verdict

Reasons to go with iPhone 6 Plus:

Full HD screen - one with 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Turn the phone on its side and the home screen turns with you.

Photos and video playback look better.

The eight-megapixel snapper's optical image stabilisation is more sophisticated
and effective.

Bigger battery which just keeps going.

Best for bigger mitts or greedier eyes.

APPLE fans suffering Android envy over bigger screen sizes have finally been put
out of their misery.

But the question many will be asking themselves now is the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
really better?

When Apple released the 5s and 5c last year, the choice was a bit simpler, as
the two phones easily split into "~premium' and "~budget' tiers.

With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus it's a tougher call, as the stylings and specs are
almost identical.

Ultimately, however, the decision comes down to what you use your phone for.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen and weighs 129grams, while the 6 Plus has
a 5.5-inch screen and weighs 172grams.

Both are significantly larger and heavier than the iPhone 5s (a 4-inch screen
and 112grams), although the 5s is thicker by at least 0.5mm.

We've tried out both the new iPhones and although it's fair to say that while
the 6 Plus feels pretty comfortable in the hand - those new rounded corners help
a lot - the size of the larger device will surprise people who are used to the
older models.

Before you dismiss the 6 Plus though, it's worth remembering that the larger
screen size offers a number of other advantages, including bigger battery life,
better optical image stabilisation and a new landscape mode for the home screen
and certain apps (email and messages for example) when held horizontally.

Price is also a consideration of course.

Pricing for the 16GB model iPhone 6 starts at $869. There is a $999 cost for the
64GB model, while the new 128GB model is $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus starts at $999 for the 16GB model, $1129 for the 64GB model and
$1249 for the new 128GB model.

Both models come with the new, faster A8 processor and M8 processor, and arrive
kitted out with Apple's new iOS 8 operating system.

So perhaps the better question is not which size are you more comfortable with,
but what do you use your iPhone for?

If you mainly use it for, you know, making calls, sending texts and a bit of
light entertainment on your commute then you're probably better off sticking
with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.

If you tend to do a lot of work on your iPhone (sorting through a mass of
emails, for example) or are a keen photographer then it's definitely worth
thinking about the 6 Plus, especially if you don't already have an iPad or iPad
mini.

The new iPhone takes its design cues from the iPad, with larger volume buttons
and rounded corners. The iPhone 6 meanwhile is a tad smaller than most other
Android flagship models, including the Galaxy S5 (5.1-inch), the HTC One M8
(5-inch) and Moto X (5.2-inch).

The best advice is to go into a store and see for yourself which is more
comfortable - try navigating around the screen and slipping the device into your
pocket. Just remember to pay for it before you walk out.

- With the INDEPENDENT

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                             October 6, 2014 Monday
                                 First Edition

Apple makes the big call;
cyberspaces

BYLINE: TECHKNOW ADAM TURNER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 316 words


IN response to growing competition, Apple has released two versions of its
latest phone: the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and hefty 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
can now stand toe-to-toe with giant Android rivals.

While big phones are old news for Android lovers, the iPhone 6 might come as a
shock to Apple fans because it's taller and wider than its predecessor. To
compensate, Apple has moved the power button to the right-hand side so it's
easier to reach. The iPhone 6's extra girth grows on you and more screen real
estate certainly comes in handy.

The next step up to the iPhone 6 Plus is more confronting and it might be
difficult to grip for people with small hands. It's more of an in-between device
if you don't want to carry around a phone and a tablet.

iPHONE 6 FROM $869

It's thinner than the iPhone 5 and only a fraction lighter, so it doesn't feel
like more of a burden in your hand or your pocket. The curved edges are easier
to grip and look more elegant. Both new iPhone models have more grunt than the 5
and take slightly better photos (the same number of megapixels, but improved
lenses).

iPHONE 6 PLUS FROM $999

It's thicker and heavier than the iPhone 6, but still thinner than the 5. The
screen is larger than the 6 and sharper at 1920 x 1080 to match a Full HD
television. You get longer battery life and optical image stabilisation to
remove shake from videos. It also borrows tricks from the iPad, such as extra
buttons on the keyboard and split-screen mode in some apps like Mail.

THE VERDICT It depends on what you feel comfortable holding, as the iPhone 6
Plus is bulky and demands two hands to perform some tasks. If you're jealous of
the expanses of screen real estate available on giant Android phablets such as
Samsung's Galaxy Note, then the iPhone 6 Plus is for you. If in doubt, stick
with the iPhone 6 because it will still feel like a major step up from an older
iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: iPHONE 6 FROM $869 iPHONE 6 PLUS FROM $999

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 Plus 'not as bendy as believed'

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 325 words



HIGHLIGHT: Consumer product testers say iPhone should withstand normal use.


The iPhone 6 Plus, despite an ongoing Bendgate debacle, is not as bendy as some
users have suggested, claims a consumer technology product testers.

Consumer Reports, a firm which has been testing products of all shapes and sizes
since 1936, carried out tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with 'scientific' lab
equipment to see if the reports of the iuPhone 6 Plus 'bending' in users pockets
were true.

Consumer Reports said: "To stress test these phones, we used what's called a
"three-point flexural test," in which the phone is supported at two points on
either end, then force is applied at a third point on the top."

Alongside the iPhone 6 Plus, the LG G3, Samsung Galaxy Note 3, and the HTC One
M8 were also tested to see their strengths compared to Apple's latest offerings.

'All the phones after testing.' Photo credit: Consumer Reports

The firm said: "All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough.
The iPhone 6 Plus, the more robust of the new iPhones in our testing, started to
deform when we reached 90 pounds of force, and came apart with 110 pounds of
force. With those numbers, it slightly outperformed the HTC One (which is
largely regarded as a sturdy, solid phone), as well as the smaller iPhone 6, yet
underperformed some other smart phones.

"While nothing is (evidently) indestructible, we expect that any of these phones
should stand up to typical use."

Apple hit back claims that the iPhone 6 Plus is easily bent by stating that such
damage would be 'rare' with normal use.

In a statement, Apple said: "Our iPhones are designed, engineered and
manufactured to be both beautiful and sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature
a precision engineered unibody enclosure constructed from machining a custom
grade of 6000 series anodized aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength.
They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

iPhone 6 sales start Friday; Available at SaskTel, Big Three

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 364 words


The long-awaited, muchhyped iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be going
on sale in Saskatchewan beginning Friday. The iPhone 6, which was launched with
much fanfare last Tuesday in Cupertino, Calif., will be available at SaskTel
retail store locations and select SaskTel Authorized Apple iPhone dealers, the
Crown telecommunications company announced Monday.

Telus, Bell and Rogers customers in Saskatchewan will also be able to buy the
new iPhone 6 on Friday, according to spokespersons for the three wireless
companies.

"We always experience high demand for Apple devices and we are confident SaskTel
customers will enjoy using the remarkable new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on
SaskTel's leading network," Ron Styles, Sask-Tel president and CEO, said in a
media release.

SaskTel will allowiPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers to connect to its 4G
(fourth generation) LTE (long-term evolution) network.

Prices for the iPhone 6 will be starting at $265 for the 16 gigabyte (GB) model
and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at $375 for the 16GB model based on
a 24-month contract.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are said to be "the biggest advancements in
iPhone history," featuring two new models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD
displays, and packed with innovative technologies, such as iSight and FaceTime
HD cameras and iOS 8, Apple's latest mobile operating system, which has a health
application that allows users to monitor their health and fitness levels
instantly.

A spokeswoman for SaskTel said Apple is allowing SaskTel to offer the iPhone 6
at the same time as competitors like Rogers and Telus.

"It's exciting for us to be able to offer it to our customers at the same time
as the other competitors in the market," said Michelle Englot, director of
external communications at SaskTel.

"Apple is very particular about who provides their phones and (other) devices,
so we're happy that we've proven ourselves and get the same consideration as
anyone else."

While the Big Three competitors (Telus, Bell and Rogers) will be offering the
iPhone 6 on Friday, Englot added that none of them has the same "footprint" in
terms of coverage in Saskatchewan that SaskTel has.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated Press; Phil Schiller, Apple's
senior vice-president of worldwide product marketing, discusses the new iPhone
6, centre, and iPhone 6 Plus, right, Sept. 9 in Cupertino, Calif. The much-hyped
phones will be available in Saskatchewan starting Friday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                     October 18, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Big Demand at iPhone 6 Launch But Queues Smaller Than Before

LENGTH: 405  words


Oct. 18 -- Shanghai Municipal Government issued the following news release:

Although queues were smaller than in the past, customers line up in front of the
Apple flagship store at Lujiazui in Shanghai to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, which went on sale on the Chinese mainland yesterday.

Apple Inc started delivering the iPhone 6 to the Chinese mainland yesterday,
with the latest Apple model available through Apple stores, telecoms companies
and online shops.

The 64-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus model seemed to be the most popular choice in
Shanghai, quickly selling out at some online outlets.

But while queues formed in front of Apple stores, the numbers waiting were fewer
than for previous iPhone debuts in the city.

As the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched in the Chinese mainland a month
after its global debut, some hardcore fans are thought to have already bought
the new phone through overseas channels.

Some deliveries of the iPhone 6 models went to the four local Apple stores to
customers who had pre-ordered online.

Others were for customers who pre-ordered through local branches of China
Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom.

More than 150,000 pre-orders for the phone were made through carriers in
Shanghai, their figures show.

Prices of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, without contracts, range from 5,288
yuan (US$861) to 7,999 yuan, depending on the model. These include the 16, 64
and 128GB capacity versions.

Local carriers offering the iPhone 6 with contracts were giving discounts of up
to 50 percent on monthly fees.

The iPhone 6 Plus 64GB was the model to sell out first in China Telecom and
China Unicom's channels.

There will be a three-week wait for the next iPhone 6 Plus 64GB batch delivery,
said a staff member at the Apple store on Huaihai Road.

Customers can also buy the iPhone 6 online from retailers such as JD.com and
Suning.

Despite smaller queues, the release of the iPhone 6 once again created iPhone
fever in the company's largest potential market. More than 20 million pre-orders
were placed in China after October 10, reported Xinhua news agency.

For 4G networks, iPhones sold in Apple stores, China Unicom and China Telecom
outlets support both 4G standards including TD-LTE (time division-long term
evolution) and FDD-LTE (frequency division duplex-LTE).

China Mobile's models support TD-LTE only domestically but both technologies
during roaming overseas.

Source: Shanghai Municipal Government

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                     October 18, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Big Demand at iPhone 6 Launch But Queues Smaller Than Before

LENGTH: 405  words


Oct. 18 -- Shanghai Municipal Government issued the following news release:

Although queues were smaller than in the past, customers line up in front of the
Apple flagship store at Lujiazui in Shanghai to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, which went on sale on the Chinese mainland yesterday.

Apple Inc started delivering the iPhone 6 to the Chinese mainland yesterday,
with the latest Apple model available through Apple stores, telecoms companies
and online shops.

The 64-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus model seemed to be the most popular choice in
Shanghai, quickly selling out at some online outlets.

But while queues formed in front of Apple stores, the numbers waiting were fewer
than for previous iPhone debuts in the city.

As the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched in the Chinese mainland a month
after its global debut, some hardcore fans are thought to have already bought
the new phone through overseas channels.

Some deliveries of the iPhone 6 models went to the four local Apple stores to
customers who had pre-ordered online.

Others were for customers who pre-ordered through local branches of China
Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom.

More than 150,000 pre-orders for the phone were made through carriers in
Shanghai, their figures show.

Prices of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, without contracts, range from 5,288
yuan (US$861) to 7,999 yuan, depending on the model. These include the 16, 64
and 128GB capacity versions.

Local carriers offering the iPhone 6 with contracts were giving discounts of up
to 50 percent on monthly fees.

The iPhone 6 Plus 64GB was the model to sell out first in China Telecom and
China Unicom's channels.

There will be a three-week wait for the next iPhone 6 Plus 64GB batch delivery,
said a staff member at the Apple store on Huaihai Road.

Customers can also buy the iPhone 6 online from retailers such as JD.com and
Suning.

Despite smaller queues, the release of the iPhone 6 once again created iPhone
fever in the company's largest potential market. More than 20 million pre-orders
were placed in China after October 10, reported Xinhua news agency.

For 4G networks, iPhones sold in Apple stores, China Unicom and China Telecom
outlets support both 4G standards including TD-LTE (time division-long term
evolution) and FDD-LTE (frequency division duplex-LTE).

China Mobile's models support TD-LTE only domestically but both technologies
during roaming overseas.

Source: Shanghai Municipal Government

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Electronics For You

                                October 1, 2014

Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus to hit Indian markets soon

LENGTH: 111  words


Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be available in India from
17th October. In the US iPhone 6 starts at $649 and iPhone 6 Plus at $749.
iPhone sports 11.9cm (4.7-inch) screen and iPhone 6 Plus has a 14cm (5.5-inch)
display. With iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus Apple has made the thinnest devices
ever. As iPhone 6 is powered by the new A8 processor, it is expected to be 50
per cent more energy-efficient. Both the models sport an 8MP iSight camera with
face detection feature. iPhone 6 is also capable of capturing 43MP panorama
photos. Users will be able to pay their bills on retail stores by simply tapping
their smartphones on the payment terminals.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple kicks off gala event with larger iPhones

LENGTH: 421  words


Apple Inc unveiled two new iPhones on Tuesday with sharper and larger displays,
confirming longstanding speculation it will move into a market segment dominated
by arch-rival Samsung Electronics.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled two new iPhones on Tuesday with sharper
and larger displays, moving into a market segment dominated by arch-rival
Samsung Electronics.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus will support more than 200
telecoms carriers worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market
for the company.

Apple is expected to introduce its first new product since the iPad in 2010, a
smartwatch, later on Tuesday.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi estimated on Tuesday that if Apple
were to sell 30 million iWatches at $250 each, it would add about $7.5 billion
to its revenue.

Rival electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and
Qualcomm Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook unveiling
the first device developed under his reign attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its event
online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream went down
for many users about a half-hour in, prompting many to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

The battery life the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9,
2014. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Mobily set to launch iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 211  words


MOBILY will launch the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Saudi markets on Friday
(Sept. 26), in a move that reflects the company's leadership in bringing the
latest and best smartphones to its subscribers.

The new generation of the iPhone is the slimmest ever introduced, as the
thickness of iPhone 6 is 6.9 mm, whereas the iPhone 6 Plus thickness is 7.1 mm
only.

Apple company has developed also the screen size of the new iPhone generation, a
size of 4.7 inch with 1334 × 750 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 and 5.5 inch HD
with 1920 × 1080 pixels accuracy for iPhone 6 Plus and both screens enjoy the
feature Retina HD.

Apple was also keen to strengthen their iPhones with a new generation of A8
processors which are faster than the previous one in addition to a new operating
system IOS 8. The battery performance was improved to operate for a longer
period with no need to recharge.

Mobily will provide iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in all colors as announced by the
company: Silver, Gold and grey and as per the smartphones packages.

It is noteworthy that Mobily has a broad experience in launching the iPhone
smartphones in the domestic market, as it was the first company in the Kingdom
that managed to launch the first Apple iPhone and smart devices in early 2009. -
SG

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2014 The Saudi Gazette.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     December 27, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 to be available at zero down payment in India soon

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 191  words


With the launch iPhone 5S and 5C last year and later Iphone 6 and 6 Plus this
year, Apple indeed is considering India as one of its important markets. The
company is expected to 'very soon' launch zero down payment scheme on the new
Iphone 6.

The official Apple page about where to buy an iPhone 6 today, a link has been
given that points to the Reliance online store page. Though the Reliance page is
yet to list iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, this link indicates that the new iPhones
are soon coming to India bundled with zero down payment option.

According to leaked information on the tariff plans of the iPhones under the
plan, the iPhone 6 could start at INR 3,099 per month for 24 months and the
iPhone 6 Plus could start at INR 3,599 per month for 24 months (via Firstpost).

Note that the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in India at INR 53,500 for the
16GB model and INR 62,500 for the 16GB model, respectively.

Last year too, the Cupertino giant partnered with Reliance and Airtel to offer
iPhone 5S and 5C at lower costs, prices starting as low as zero. Partnering with
Reliance for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, thus, does not comes as a surprise.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                RedEye, Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Carry Toews and Kane in your pocket

BYLINE: Sara Amato, RedEye, Chicago

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 117 words


June 03--Listen, we know how much you love the Blackhawks. And we want to help
you love them even more. So RedEye put together four different iPhone wallpapers
so you can carry your love for the Blackhawks around with you wherever you go.

iPhone 4/4s: Download

iPhone 5/5s/5c: Download

iPhone 6: Download

iPhone 6 plus: Download

iPhone 4/4s: Download

iPhone 5/5s/5c: Download

iPhone 6: Download

iPhone 6 plus: Download

iPhone 4/4s: Download

iPhone 5/5s/5c: Download

iPhone 6: Download

iPhone 6 plus: Download

iPhone 4/4s: Download

iPhone 5/5s/5c: Download

iPhone 6: Download

iPhone 6 plus: Download

___ (c)2015 RedEye (Chicago) Visit RedEye (Chicago) at www.redeyechicago.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150603-1RC-BRF-Carry-Toews-and-Kane-in-your-pocket-0603-20150603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1RC


                                 Copyright 2015


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple sold 10 million iPhones in first weekend

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 282 words


Apple sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus as the gadgets
debuted this past weekend, the company said Monday.

The sales figures, which mark a new record for Apple, came as little surprise
after a weekend in which legions of people around the Bay Area and many
countries around the globe lined up for hours to buy the new phones. The
Cupertino-based company bested the 9 million phones it sold last year when the
iPhone 5s and 5c debuted.



"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"We would like to thank all of our customers for making this our best launch
ever, shattering all previous sell-through records by a large margin."

Though Apple still managed to log plenty of sales, supplies of the new iPhones
appeared to be straining under demand. The iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, sold
out quickly in Bay Area stores.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible."

Analysts expected that Apple would enjoy a gusher of sales when it finally
responded to consumers' cries for phones with larger screen. The iPhone 6, which
starts at $199 with a two-year contract, measures 4.7 inches diagonally, and the
$299 6 Plus has a screen of 5.5 inches.

Apple has also said the phones have sharper displays, better cameras and
extended battery life. In addition, people who purchase the new gadgets will
gain access to Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that lets customers make
purchases in stores with a wave of their phones.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man wearing a child on his chest (who declined to be identified)
checks out the new iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Chestnut St. in San Francisco,
Calif., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area
News Group)
Elaine Strauss, of San Francisco, is one of the first customers to leave with a
new iPhone 6 from the Apple Store on Chestnut Street in San Francisco, Calif.,
on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area News
Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Fans out in full force to welcome Apple's latest

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 724  words


After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

Customers who had placed online orders for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus waiting
in line outside the Apple store in Sanlitun, Beijing on Oct 17. [Photo provided
to China Daily]

After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

Originally released in the US and other select markets in late September, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus mark the fourth official iPhone release on the mainland
since the iPhone 4.

On Friday morning, around 100 excited Apple aficionados were queuing outside the
company's flagship Beijing store in Sanlitun as its doors opened. Most had
ordered online and were there in person to enjoy the handover.

"I came all the way from Shijiazhuang (in Hebei province, around 260 km
southwest of Beijing) to pick up the phone," said one retailer surnamed Song.

"I bought an iPhone 6 and a 6 Plus. They are gifts to my wife. I got two, so she
can choose."

Chinese media reports said there had been customers waiting in line overnight in
Taiyuan, Shanxi province, and China News Service said many eager customers had
been seen waiting outside China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd
(China Unicom) stores across the country for the midnight release of the iPhone.

China Unicom even posted images of people waiting through the night on their
official Sina Weibo, the Twitter-like micro-blogging service.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sold over 10 million units in their first weekend sale
in September.

Describing himself as an Apple "super fan", Liu Yi has queued up for every
first-day iPhone release since the product was launched in China.

He arrived at the Sanlitun store at around 7:50 am, but despite others being
ahead of him in the queue they had not registered and he was rewarded with being
the first buyer in the area to receive an iPhone 6.

"I come to the stores on launch day because I enjoy the festive atmosphere," he
said.

A recent graduate surnamed Tong, who was also at the scene but not in line, said
he was there just to enjoy the party atmosphere.

"I am here to join in the fun," said Tong, admitting that the only Apple product
he owns is a second-generation iPad.

"I have been a fan of Apple products for a long time and I frequently visit the
store[#xff0d]I just like the feel of the place."

Friday's Beijing launch was certainly a smoother and better affair than previous
years. During the launch of the iPhone 4s in 2012, for instance, fighting broke
out among scalpers and customers due to the high demand for the iPhone.

Despite launching a month later on the mainland, and the smaller crowds waiting
outside its stores than previous years, Canalys analyst Wang Jingwen said Apple
products are still as popular as ever in China.

Apple unveils iPad Air 2 with Touch ID to secure Apple pay
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

"Consumers have learned different ways to purchase their Apple products, from
ordering online to ordering from retailers and carriers," said Wang. "Apple has
also put out information on where consumers can buy their iPhones."

Film industry worker Wang Kelu had ordered three iPhones online and arrived,
like many others, on Friday morning to pick them up in person.

"I also came to buy phones for my friends. I wanted other iPhone 6 Pluses, but
they didn't have any left so I guess I'll come back again tomorrow."

Apple's Friday launch came hot on the heels of a company product announcement on
Thursday in California which revealed new upgrades for the iPad Mini 3, iPad Air
2 and OSX Yosemite, as well as a software update for the Mac operating system.

Wang said that the arrival of the iPhone 6 Plus may hit iPad sales, given the
former's screen size is already close in size to a small tablet.

"Right now there are a lot of what we call phablets on the market in China, made
by domestic and foreign companies, such as Samsung and LG," said Wang.

"At 5.5 inches, the 6 Plus might turn away consumers from new tablet devices,
not just in China but everywhere."

"That said, right now there really isn't a competitor on the market to match the
iPhone 6 Plus."

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at 5,288 yuan ($860), and for the iPhone 6 Plus at
6,088 yuan.

Apple unveils iPad Air 2 with Touch ID to secure Apple pay
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple responds to reports of bent iPhones;
After millions of sales, company says just 9 customers contacted it

BYLINE: MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 375 words

ABSTRACT

Despite wide publicity over a problem, Apple said only nine customers had
contacted the company with a bent iPhone 6 Plus.

FULL TEXT

Social media channels have overflowed in the past week with commentary on
whether Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure, particularly in a pants
pocket.

It turns out that actual complaints to the company, at least so far, are much
less prevalent.

''With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus,'' Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said in a statement.

The statement comes after some early adopters complained that the new iPhone 6
Plus, which is significantly larger than previous generations of the iPhone, was
permanently bending from simply being carried in a pocket for long periods of
time.

After one new iPhone 6 Plus owner on Tuesday complained that his phone warped
after sitting in his front pants pocket during a long drive, the story was
quickly picked up by technology blogs and news outlets.

Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs Unbox Therapy, a YouTube channel dedicated to
showcasing the latest tech hardware, filmed himself straining to bend an iPhone
6 Plus with his bare hands. The video has been viewed more than 25 million times
in less than two days.

As Apple has grown bigger and more successful, it has also become a bigger
target for criticism. The company says it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones over the first three days of release, a record for the
company.

Some of the attention is self-inflicted, however.  In the past week, Apple
released a software update to the iPhone that was supposed to fix some early
bugs in an updated version of its mobile operating system, iOS 8.

The update made some users' phones unable to make or receive calls and also
rendered the touch identification technology software useless, according to
reports.

Apple quickly withdrew the software update about an hour after it was released
on Wednesday.

On Thursday evening, Apple issued another update to its operating system, along
with an apology. Fewer than 40,000 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users were
affected by the previous faulty update, according to Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

The Complex Plus Effect

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Dec. 6 -- IPhone 6 Plus is not just a smartphone; it's a statement
phone"- Lauren Goode at Recode.Buying an iPhone used to be an easy decision. You
could decide your colour, how much storage space you need and you went out and
bought yourself the best smartphone in the market. Since Apple introduced the
iPhone 6 in September, it got a little tricky. And if there was one question
that I have been asked thousands of times during the last month, it is, '6 or 6
Plus'. The answer is not that simple.

As you may be aware, the iPhone 6 comes in two sizes. The iPhone 6 with a
4.7-inch screen and the bigger iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch screen. The first
biggest differentiator between them is the price. Both the phones are available
in the same three colours-Space Grey, Silver and Gold -and come with the same
storage space, 16GB, 64GB or 128GB. The cheapest of the lot, the 16GB iPhone 6,
will put you back by about '53,249 and the cheapest 6 Plus will cost you
'62,500. Since 16GB internal storage is not enough for most people, the storage
option to consider would be 64GB. Here an iPhone 6 will cost you '62,500 and a 6
Plus can be had for '71,500.

Once you get over the price and before we get to the biggest differentiator that
is the sheer size of the phones, there are very few factors that put the 6 Plus
apart from its smaller sibling. Even though the phones run on the same A8 chip,
have the same iOS 8 software and come with the same features like the
8-megapixel camera and the Touch ID fingerprint sensor, the screen on the 6 Plus
has a resolution of 1080p, which comes to around 401 pixels per inch and the
screen on the 6 has a resolution of 720p which comes to around 326 pixels per
inch. Having those many more pixels per inch makes a big difference in favour of
the 6 Plus. The display on that big phone is one of the most gorgeous things I
have ever seen on a mobile phone before. Also the bigger screen, and the
resulting bigger body of the 6 Plus means that you get a much bigger battery
which means it will easily last two days on a single charge even with heavy use.
Also the camera module on the 6 Plus has a moving mechanism called 'Optical
Image Stabilisation' which lets you make gorgeous photos even in the lowest of
light conditions.

While the iPhone 6 Plus looks like the better phone among the two phones, there
is a small catch. The 6 Plus is not for everyone, and that is owing to the
massive size of the thing. The slim profile, the rounded edges and the software
features like 'Reachability' which bring down the top of the phone to the bottom
by double-tapping the home button take away most of the pain of using such a big
phone. But there will still be adjustments you will need to make to your
lifestyle to get used to the size. One-handed use, slim jeans, using the phone
while jogging will all be out of your life. And you will forever be dreading
accidentally bending your phone by something as simple as squatting to tie a
shoe lace.

But if you can manage the size, the gorgeous 5.5-inch screen will make you more
productive and will give you a lot of joy. You will read more, watch more and
play more than ever before. And be warned. Once you use the 6 Plus, you can
never go back to a smaller phone. Earlier iPhones like the iPhone 4 and even the
iPhone 5S look like toy phones once you get used to the 6 Plus.

Matham is a tech geek.

Follow him on Twitter @AdarshMatham

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 officially coming to Israel October 23;
Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will sell for considerably less than their current
prices in Israel.

BYLINE: Globes correspondent

LENGTH: 156 words


Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will arrive in Israel next Thursday, October 23,
according to an Apple announcement made this afternoon.

Those who planned to buy the new iPhones at one of the stores that sells them
already should wait, because they sell the iPhone 6 for NIS 4,500, and the
official price is expected to be NIS 1,000 less. The iPhone 6 Plus is expected
to cost NIS 4,200.

The iPhone 6 is 6.9 mm thick and has a 4.7 inch screen, while the iPhone 6 Plus
is 7.1 mm thick and has a 5.5 inch screen. The iPhone 6 Plus has Full HD
quality, with a resolution of 1080x1930 pixels, at 401 pixels per inch (ppi)
pixel density. The iPhone 6 has a slightly lower resolution, 750x1334 pixels, at
326 ppi.

The iPhone 5S has a 4 inch screen with a resolution of 640-x1136 pixels, at 326
ppi.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
October 13, 2014

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Dialog presents iPhone 6 Plus and 6 in Sri Lanka

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Dec. 5 -- Sri Lanka's only authorised partner network for Apple
iPhone, Dialog Axiata, launched the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 in Sri Lanka,
dialing a new chapter in the country's premier mobile device offering.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 operates on 4G and users can avail of Sri
Lanka's widest 4G LTE network with Dialog to stay connected on the go. Dialog
also presents the best after sales service with warranty and expert support for
Apple iPhones in Sri Lanka, offering the best complete solution in the country.

Dialog offered the new iPhones for pre-order last week, and received an
overwhelming response with close to 500 orders for both models.

"As the country's only authorized partner network for Apple iPhone, Dialog is
privileged to present the iPhone 6 to Sri Lanka, as we transcend the mobile
device experience with unparalleled best-in-class service. We are committed to
add value to our customers, to surpass their connectivity experience and the
partnership with Apple and the presentation of the official iPhone 6 for the
first time in Sri Lanka is a testimony to this vision," said Lasantha
Thevarapperuma, Head of Business, Mobile Telecommunications of Dialog Axiata
PLC.

Customers can experience the Apple iPhone 6 Plus and 6 live demos at selected
Dialog outlets, and enjoy connectivity to Sri Lanka's fastest 4G LTE network.

The iPhone 6 is available in 16 and 64 GB models whilst the iPhone 6Plus comes
with 16 GB. The models are available in Gold, Silver and Space Gray.

The Apple iPhone 6 features a larger 4.7 inch Retina HD display, whilst the 6
Plus offers 5.5 inches. The '6' is also the slimmest iPhone so far at a
staggering 6.9 millimeters.

Both models are built on 64-bit desktop-class architecture and increased battery
life.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       June 25, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone6sforsale.net Announces Wholesale iPhone 6, 6 Plus Deals for Worldwide
Customers

LENGTH: 353  words


June 25 -- Apple keeps releasing new iPhone versions with updated features to
offer a wide range of adorable possibilities to the modern users. With millions
of iPhone devices sold worldwide, the popularity of the iPhone has skyrocketed
in the recent years. But people who still have not purchased an iPhone,
iPhone6sforsale.net brings cheap priced iPhone for sale for those discerning
customers. The web store is offering discount deals on the latest iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus devices.

Besides offering cheap prices, the web store is offering unlocked devices, and
hence one can choose a service provider or a data carrier that offers the most
beneficial plans to the users. This brings consumers the dual benefit of
choosing an affordable data plan along with a cheaply priced iPhone 6 or iPhone
6 Plus device. The online store's iPhone 6 for sale brings different iPhone 6
devices with various configurations. The spokesperson of the store maintains
that one can easily find an iPhone 6 at a budget price with a low-end
configuration. "No matter what the configuration it has, one will enjoy the
pleasure of owning an iPhone 6," he states.

Customers can choose from a 16 GB, 64 GB or 128 GB iPhone 6 as per their
requirement and the budget. Each unlocked iPhone device comes with the complete
set of accessories, such as the 16 GB Apple earpods, remote and Mic lighting and
USB cable and USB power adapter. iPhone 6 is often considered as a powerful
device to enjoy a host of advanced features that a handheld gadget can offer to
the modern consumer.

iPhone6sforsale.net also brings iPhone 6 plus for sale for people to grab this
latest Apple device at a discount price and enjoy its great features. An iPhone
6 Plus device with a 4G network connectivity can allow a user to browse the
internet at a significant speed while on the go. Besides, the device allows
people to enjoy a great multimedia experience to enjoy music, videos etc in
their free times.

People willing to take advantage of these discount deals on Apple iPhone and
iPhone 6 can visit the website http://www.iphone6sforsale.net.

Source: iPhone6sforsale.net

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                                  APM Edition

New iPhones prove that big is beautiful

BYLINE: Hedirman Supian

SECTION: ITC; Technology; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 561 words



HIGHLIGHT: Larger displays provide a compelling reason to upgrade to Apple's
latest models


SINGAPORE - Apple has finally caved in to consumers clamouring for larger
screens with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

The bigger displays are arguably the smartphones' most compelling new feature.
The 4.7-inch LCD display on the iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch on the 6 Plus are
brighter and offer a much wider viewing angle than their predecessors.

The iPhone 6 Plus crams more pixels on its display, offering a higher resolution
along with a bigger screen.

Viewing videos captured at 60 frames per second on these devices is like peering
at an object out of a clear window.

With the iPhone 6 Plus' bigger display, however, using the gadget with one hand
can be a bit of a stretch.

I could reach and tap the bottom corners of the display with my thumb, but had
to balance the back of the smartphone precariously with my remaining fingers,
preventing me from keeping a sturdy grip on it.

With their smooth edges and curved bodies made of anodised aluminium and
stainless steel, both smartphones exemplify Apple's consistency in pushing the
boundaries of product design.

These are the thinnest smartphones that Apple has made, with their svelte curves
blending harmoniously with the bigger screens.

Apart from battery capacity and display size, both iPhones share almost the same
technical specifications. Both sport the newer A8 64-bit processor.

No details have been revealed about the A8's clock-speed.

A comparison of the performance of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with smartphones from
the likes of Samsung or Microsoft is also difficult as the A8 runs a different
operating system, and cross-platform apps or games that push the performance of
processors are scarce.

The iPhones hardly lagged when I played graphics-intensive games or viewed
high-resolution videos. Just like the iPhone 5s, I've yet to come across an app
or game that pushes the 64-bit processor to its limit.

The main cameras on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus come with a resolution of 8
megapixels each. Given their impressive array of camera features, iPhone users
may no longer need to rely on a dedicated point-and-shoot camera.

Despite having the same resolution as their predecessors, the new models produce
the most stunning photos and videos that I have seen on a smartphone.

Photos sport more accurate colours and better exposure. A built-in timelapse
feature is available for both the front and back cameras.

The iPhones also boast new fast-focusing features that are used in DSLRs. You
barely need to tap the screen to direct the focus on the camera as it
automatically and instantly does so when you point it at an object.

Both phones include an image stabilisation feature, which is useful for
low-light photography and making videos.

The 6 Plus has a slight edge in this area because its camera is also equipped
with optical image stabilisation - it makes constant adjustments to compensate
for a user's movements.

While there are a number of compelling reasons for users to upgrade to the
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, the larger displays are the biggest reason - you wouldn't
want to go back to using a smaller iPhone after having your visual experience
enhanced by more screen real estate.

Prices for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus start at S$988 and can go up as high as
S$1,448 if you purchase one without a mobile subscription contract.

Both models will be available from all three major telcos in Singapore from
tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

License trips iPhone retailers in China

LENGTH: 228  words


China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network access license.

Screenshot of China Mobile's pre-order webpage of iPhone 6. This webpage has now
been removed. [Photo/Nipic.com]

Although China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network
access license from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.

The ministry usually distributes licenses twice a month. But as the new iPhone
had missed the deadline earlier this month, another chance might come near the
end of this month, China Business News reported Thursday.

Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and China Telecom all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
pre-order service, which was launched earlier this month.

By Wednesday, China Mobile had received 72,000 pre-orders, China Unicom 15,000
and China Telecom 18,000.

Besides the three carriers, other retailers in China are also ready for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus sales.

On Wednesday, Chinese large online shopping sites Taobao.com and Paipai.com
launched special sections to accept iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders.

Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event
iPhone 6 may boost China's export growth

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 11, 2014

License trips iPhone retailers in China

LENGTH: 228  words


China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network access license.

Screenshot of China Mobile's pre-order webpage of iPhone 6. This webpage has now
been removed. [Photo/Nipic.com]

Although China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network
access license from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.

The ministry usually distributes licenses twice a month. But as the new iPhone
had missed the deadline earlier this month, another chance might come near the
end of this month, China Business News reported Thursday.

Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and China Telecom all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
pre-order service, which was launched earlier this month.

By Wednesday, China Mobile had received 72,000 pre-orders, China Unicom 15,000
and China Telecom 18,000.

Besides the three carriers, other retailers in China are also ready for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus sales.

On Wednesday, Chinese large online shopping sites Taobao.com and Paipai.com
launched special sections to accept iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders.

Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event
iPhone 6 may boost China's export growth

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Apple fan frenzy as iPhone 6 hits store shelves

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercuyrnews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 825 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Christmas came in September this year for Apple devotees, who
stormed the company's Bay Area stores Friday morning to buy new iPhones, though
not all got the models on their wish lists.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were met with delirious excitement by fans, many of whom
had awakened at the crack of dawn -- or even camped out -- to buy them first.
With significantly larger screens, the new iPhones help Apple match competitors
like Samsung, which have long offered devices that blur the line between
smartphones and tablets.

Hundreds of people clogged Chestnut Street in San Francisco's Marina
neighborhood, where the line to enter the Apple Store wrapped around the block.
Many were fatigued after a sleepless night in the cold, but they perked up once
they'd secured the prized phones. Raul Ramos, a 68-year-old San Francisco
resident, was jubilant as he strolled out of the store with a gold 6 Plus in
hand.

"I'm not going home to sleep," said Ramos, a retired pharmacist who has camped
out for every new model since the iPhone 3. "I'm going to be playing with it."

Like Ramos, many Apple fans on Chestnut Street set their sights on the 6 Plus,
which has a 5.5-inch screen that dwarfs Apple's previous versions. But supplies
did not last long. Reza Asadi, who spent a night of his San Francisco vacation
on the sidewalk in hopes of buying the 6 Plus, left the Apple Store
disappointed.

"After 14 hours of waiting, I didn't manage to get what I wanted," said the
40-year-old journalist and London resident, who bought a space-gray iPhone 6
instead.

Fans clustered on University Avenue in Palo Alto were treated to a visit from
CEO Tim Cook, who opened the doors of the Apple Store with a broad smile.

"Thanks to all the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners around the world!" he
wrote on Twitter Friday morning.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last week as part of a wave of new
products and services at a star-studded event in Cupertino. If supplies don't
run out, many analysts predict that Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones
this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5S and
5C last year. 451 Research analyst Carl Howe expects sales to reach 12 million
to 15 million units, noting that cities around the world have reported record
lines.

"This is a very strong launch," he said.

The devices also went up for sale in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K. on Friday, and Apple will open
up sales in more than 20 additional countries next Friday.

The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract, while the 6 Plus starts at
$299. Apart from their superior size, the phones offer sharper displays,
improved battery life and an upgraded camera, Apple has said. In addition, the
gadgets are equipped with Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that allows users
to buy items in stores with a wave of their phones.

Braving a cold and gray night in San Francisco, Apple fans were, if not
comfortable, at least well fed. Apple employees served up coffee and biscuits
for breakfast, and later in the morning, Chase representatives dressed in shirts
that read "#feedtheline" doled out burritos.

Fans slept at their own peril. Kelly Sanders, a 22-year-old nurse who came to
trade her iPhone 5S for a 6 Plus, said she dozed off in the wee hours of the
morning with about 20 people ahead of her in line. She woke up two hours later
to find some 40 people standing between her and the doors of the Apple Store.

With rampant cutting in line, "you couldn't shut your eyes," said Sanders, who
was visiting from Las Vegas.

People in line said tensions flared during the night between die-hard Apple fans
and people who planned to resell the devices on the booming gray market. San
Francisco photographer Diane Rieger, 32, said she agreed to buy the phone for a
local startup, and expected to take home about $500 for her work. But she was
dismayed by the resellers' behavior.

"I'm worried about humanity," she said. "Forget the phone -- don't be that kind
of person."

Tony Ring-Dowell, a four-year veteran of the iPhone line, agreed that the scene
was more cutthroat this year. But by the time he strode out of the Apple Store
with a pair of iPhone 6s, he said he was "elated."

"This year I'm even more excited because the phone is so different and I waited
much longer for it," said Ring-Dowell, who lives in Daly City.

Shaun Johnson, who works on PayPal's mobile team, said he felt confident
springing for the 5.5-inch 6 Plus after test-driving a cardboard model of the
device that was circulating the line. Though he had to show up shortly after 5
p.m. Thursday to claim the device, Johnson and those he befriended in line found
a place to seek refuge.

"We spent most of the night in a wine bar," the 35-year-old San Francisco
resident said.

Staff writer Patrick May contributed to this story. Contact Julia Love at
408-920-5536. Follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook (L) takes a selfie
photo with a man waiting in line to buy the new iPhone 6 at an Apple Store on
September 19, 2014 in Palo Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to
purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook (C) takes a selfie photo with a
people waiting in line to buy the new iPhone 6 at an Apple Store on September
19, 2014 in Palo Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the
new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)
PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook greets customers at an Apple
Store as sales begin for the new iPhone 6 on September 19, 2014 in Palo Alto,
California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the new iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - SEPTEMBER 19: Jasmine Juan and David Rahimi travelled from
California to the Sydney Apple Store to be the first in the world to lay hands
on the new iPhone 6 at Apple Store on September 19, 2014 in Sydney, Australia.
Australian buyers get first dibs because of the local time zone, which is
several hours ahead of the US and other parts of the world. (Photo by Cole
Bennetts/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

ET Review: Apple iPhone 6 & 6 Plus

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1063 words


By Hitesh Bhagat

It's easy to see the iPhone's appeal. Apple was singlehandedly responsible in
shifting the market towards responsive touchscreen phones. They also made app
stores and after market accessories popular, creating multiple new markets along
the way. Each iPhone iteration along the line has seen tremendous success,
despite the odd hiccup or two (remember antenna-gate and the more recent
bendgate)?

First impressions

The iPhone has always stood for three key things: a beautiful design, seamlessly
integrated hardware and software and nearly limitless, highquality apps. Much of
the same tradition is carried forward here.

The phones are completely new from the inside out and both have been designed to
cater to the shift in preference for larger screens. As the quantity of content
we consume has increased, so have screen sizes. The iPhone 4 and 5 series now
look positively tiny in comparison.

At first glance, you'll notice the more rounded edges of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus. They both have the exact same design but different screen sizes: 4.7-inch
for the 6 and 5.5-inch for the 6 plus. On the face of it, the iPhone 6 seems to
be logical choice for anyone upgrading from an existing iPhone while the 6 Plus
is designed to attract anyone who's already using a phablet sized device.

The screen curves lightly at all four edges - to meet the curve of the sides. On
the iPhone 6, it makes the device feel premium. On the 6 Plus, it just feels
slippery because of the larger dimensions. The 6 Plus also seems to have
unnecessarily large bezels and this makes it larger than other phones with
similar screen sizes.

We feel that the only glaring design flaw is the protruding camera lens at the
back. When placed flat on a surface without a case, the phone will rest on the
lens. It's probably bad for the lens in the long run (despite it being sapphire
glass - you don't a camera lens to be the first thing that makes contact with a
hard surface) and also makes the phone wobble when placed flat. It's almost as
if Apple designed it to be used only with a case.

Hardware

Odd as it may seem - the devices do not have identical specifications. The 6
Plus has a larger battery which is understandable given the larger size. But it
also has a higher resolution display (having the same resolution on both would
have made it easier on developers) and a better camera equipped with optical
image stabilisation.

The rest of the device is all aluminium and the unibody shape now does without
the chamfered edges. Apple never gives out detailed hardware specifications,
insisting that it's the experience that matters more than specs on paper. While
this is true for the most part, this feels like another Apple bastion (after
screen size) that is destined to fall with time. A lot of people buy a device
based solely on specs now.

Both new iPhones have a 1.4Ghz dual core A8 processor and 1GB RAM. This seems
like a far cry from the 2.5Ghz quad/octa core processors and 3GB RAM that many
of the other flagship phones have. To make up for this, the devices have much
more powerful PowerVR quad core graphics. Needless to say, you'll not be wanting
for performance because the combination of iOS 8 and optimised hardware results
in a very zippy device. The phone blazes through all the software benchmarks.
Specifically browser rendering benchmarks and 3D gaming.

\xA0

Software

Both devices are preloaded with iOS 8, which behaves slightly differently on
both. The first thing you'll notice is that the interface rotates into landscape
view on the 6 Plus. Recognising the larger size of the device/screen, Apple has
also included some tweaks that can help in onehanded use.

For example, Reachability can bring the top part of the screen down if you can't
reach something. Some of the other native apps (Mail, Calendar) have dual pane
views which can make better use of a larger screen. Apart of these things, iOS 8
will look and feel pretty similar if you're already using it on an older device.

Display

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch screen (1334 x 750 pixels) while iPhone 6 Plus has a
5.5-inch screen (1920 x 1080 pixels). Apple also says that both phones have
retina-class displays: roughly 326 pixels per inch (ppi) on the iPhone 6 and 401
ppi on the iPhone 6 Plus. Look carefully and you'll still see individual pixels
on the 6. In comparison, Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 has a 5.7-inch display ( 2560 x
1440 pixels; 515 ppi).

Having said all that, both iPhones have a very pleasing display - brilliant,
accurate colours, excellent viewing angles and high levels of contrast. The 6
Plus still has the edge because of the higher resolution.

Camera

Strong camera performance is expected and the new iPhones will not disappoint.
The 6 Plus in particular has optical image stabilisation which compensates
effectively for camera shake. Apart from this, specs are similar: same sensor
size, same resolution (8MP), phase detection autofocus (being used in
smartphones for the second time - first was on Galaxy S5) and dual tone LED
flash. For video, the primary camera is capable of 1080p video at 60fps while
the front camera can do 720p video at 30fps.

The slow motion video is quite enticing - rear cameras on both phones can
capture 720p video at 240 frames per second. Try capturing a fire, falling water
or action sports in this mode.

As expected, daytime photos are stunning from both phones. The 6 Plus has the
obvious edge in low light thanks to OIS. There are very few cameras that can
stand up to the quality that the iPhone 6 Plus offers. Only thing is, we would
have liked to see 4K video recording and more options for exposure adjustment.

Also see

The reduced prices of the iPhone 5S have made it a very enticing buy for anyone
who thought it was too expensive earlier. For the iPhone 6, the obvious
competition would be Samsung's Galaxy Alpha. It's available for Rs 38,900 (only
one version, 32GB without memory expansion) and has the same size screen.

Other flagship 5-inch phones like the HTC One M8, Sony Xperia Z3 and Galaxy S5
also qualify as competition. For the iPhone 6 Plus, we think a worthy competitor
is the Galaxy Note 4. The Note 4 has a better camera overall, a higher
resolution screen, expandable memory, removable battery, a precise
pressure-sensitive stylus and many more features (heart rate monitor, IR
emitter, 4K video recording etc).

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Ncell brings iPhones through bundling

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 321  words


KATHMANDU: Ncell, the country's leading mobile service provider, has launched
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the Nepali market bundled with its SIM and data
offer.

Ncell unveiled three variants of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus each of 16GB, 64GB
and 128GB amid a function today.

Under the bundled offer, customers buying any of these handsets would get 1GB
data for free every month for six months.

Customers can currently buy iPhone 6 of 16GB internal memory at Rs 83,999, 64GB
at Rs 94,499 and 128GB at Rs 107,999. Likewise, iPhone 6 Plus with internal
memory of 16GB costs Rs 94,499, 64GB is priced at Rs 107,999 and 128GB at Rs
120,999.

The prices of the handsets are subject to exchange rate movement.

The phones are also available under equated monthly installment (EMI) from Nepal
Investment Bank, Himalaya Bank and Nabil Bank, as per the press statement.

Prakul Kumar of Tinkune, Kathmandu, who bought iPhone 6 Plus from Ncell Centre
at Krishna Towers became the first authorised iPhone handset buyer in Nepal.
Soma Thapa, customers relations director of Ncell, handed over the handset to
him and Bishal Karki of New Baneswor, another iPhone 6 Plus buyer amid a
function at the centre today morning.

Likewise, Ncell also organised a separate event for its corporate customers in
the evening. At the function, Ncell had set up a separate experience and sales
zone to facilitate customers to enjoy the experience of using Ncell services in
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, and buy the handsets.

Customers can buy iPhone handsets bundled with Ncell offer from seven Ncell
Centers, including Ncell Centre in Krishna Towers, Durbarmarg, Maharajgunj,
Kumaripati, Chabahil, Kalanki and Banepa. Customers already using Ncell services
can also transfer the on-net balance offered with the sets into their existing
numbers. This can be done while buying the set from the Ncell Centre.

The bundled offer will remain in place until the next notice.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Apple reports huge demand for iPhone 6

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 429 words


CUPERTINO -- Websites crashed and sales soared Friday as consumers raced to be
among the first to buy the latest iPhones.

Apple saw a record number of pre-orders after the newest versions of its iconic
phone went up for advanced sale in the wee hours of Friday morning, a company
spokeswoman said. The demand is stretching resources at the nation's major
cellphone carriers, where the new iPhones appeared to be back ordered and
several website glitches were reported. Apple drummed up excitement for the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which feature larger screens, at a glitzy event in
the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on Tuesday.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible," Apple spokeswoman
Teresa Brewer said in a statement.

The new gadgets are scheduled to arrive in retail stores Friday, but many
consumers decided to stake their claims online, pushing back shipment times. By
midday Friday, Verizon's website forecast an Oct. 7 delivery date for the iPhone
6 and an Oct. 21 arrival for the iPhone 6 Plus. AT&T indicated on its website
that the iPhone 6 would ship sometime in October, and the larger iPhone 6 Plus
would not go out until November. AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said demand for this
year's new models topped what the company had seen in the previous two years.

"Suffice to say that our customers are really, really interested in these great
new devices," he said.

With screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are
considerably bigger than Apple devices released last year, which measured 4
inches diagonally. Although many manufacturers have delivered devices with
larger screens in recent years, Apple has held out until now, creating pent-up
demand for a supersize iPhone. Analyst Bob O'Donnell of TECHnalysis Research
predicted that Apple's share of the smartphone market will climb a few
percentage points now that it is offering bigger screens, which consumers find
handy as they watch videos and play games on their phones.

"It's the kind of change that dramatically impacts how you think about and use
your phone," he said.

The iPhone 6, which starts at $199 with a two-year contract, and iPhone 6 Plus,
priced at $299, feature a sharper display, extended battery life and an improved
camera. Apple announced at the event Tuesday that consumers will be able to make
calls using Wi-Fi on the devices, but some consumers may have to wait for that
feature. Siegel of AT&T said WiFi calls will not be available until early next
year.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Buyers bite big at larger Apple iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 377 words


Apple's website was swamped Friday in what appeared to be a record-setting
buying binge fueled by smartphone buyers' desire for large-screen iPhones.

Bigger did indeed seem to be better to the throngs who jockeyed in a virtual
scrum to get access to the Apple website to order iPhone 6 and the larger-size
iPhone 6 Plus models.

Many people took to Twitter with terse tales of frustration and perseverance
needed to get through and pre-order the new Apple smartphones set for release on
September 19.

The delivery date for iPhone 6 Plus steadily crept outward as the morning wore
on and word by mid-day here was that pre-orders had sold out for what will be
the biggest Apple smartphone. Apple was promising delivery of the biggest iPhone
in three to four weeks.

Those ordering iPhone 6 models or early to order its larger sibling iPhone Plus
are still in line to receive them as originally scheduled next Friday.

Technology news website Re/code quoted an Apple spokesperson as saying "response
to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible with a record number of
preorders overnight."

Apple on Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions of
the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

The frenzy at Apple's website on Friday indicated that in the eyes of myriad
iPhone lovers, bigger is indeed better.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

The new iPhone 6 starts at the same price of existing iPhones at $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $299 with a two-year contract.
Unlocked or unsubsidized models will start around $650.

Apple's move, expanding the latest iPhone with a four-inch screen, comes as
consumers are switching to handsets with bigger displays to watch videos and
browse the Internet.

gc/rl

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

iOS 8.0.2 released to take care of issues caused by the previous update

LENGTH: 356  words


A day after Apple pulled a plug on iOS 8.0.1 update which created a few issues
for Iphone 6 and 6 Plus users, Apple has now released the second update to iOS 8
operating system. This iOS 8.0.2 update has been released to resolve issues like
loss of call services and problems with TouchID which were faced by users who
upgraded to the iOS 8.0.1.

Apple had a day back apologised for the issues caused by the iOS 8.0.1 update,
and suggested a workaround for Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users to downgrade to
iOS 8.

This update brings bug fixes and improvements to features which include
Healthkit Apps, third-party keyboards, Photo Library, cellular services, SMS/MMS
messages and others.

Here is the complete changelog by the company:

- Fixes an issue in iOS 8.0.1 that impacted cellular network connectivity and
Touch ID on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

- Fixes a bug so HealthKit apps can now be made available on the App Store

- Addresses an issue where 3rd party keyboards could become deselected when a
user enters their passcode

- Fixes an issue that prevented some apps from accessing photos from the Photo
Library

- Improves the reliability of the Reachability feature on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus

- Fixes an issue that could cause unexpected cellular data usage when receiving
SMS/MMS messages

- Better support of Ask To Buy for Family Sharing for In-App Purchases

- Fixes an issue where ringtones were sometimes not restored from iCloud backups

- Fixes a bug that prevented uploading photos and videos from Safari

To download the update, do this:

The update is available over-the-air and can easily be downloaded. Users of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus can go to 'Settings' in the menu and  'General' in
it. There will be an option called Software Update given in it. Opt for it and
download the update.

Ever since the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, users have been
companing about some of the other issue. Appart from software issues, Apple
users have also complaint about the iPhone 6 Plus bending issues when kept in
pockets. Due to this bendgate issue, Apple has been trolled by other its
competitors as well. You can read about it here.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 launch before Diwali, but iPhone 6 Plus could be delayed

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

LENGTH: 424  words


So the iPhone 6 is coming to India before Diwali afterall. It is reliably learnt
that Apple resellers here are expecting to start sales of the Apple iPhone 6
16GB by October 18 at a price of around Rs 55,000.

Previously, the market had speculated that the iPhone 6 will not be available in
India before Diwali and they might miss out on festive sales. However, retailers
are now preparing to sell the phone just before Diwali.

An executive at Apple Premium Reseller Imagine Store in New Delhi said the
iPhone 6 will be available in their stores by October 18 or 19, priced between
Rs 55,000 and Rs 60,000 for the 16GB model.

Another executive at Apple Premium Reseller iPlanet, with operations in
Coimbatore, Mysore and Bengaluru, also confirmed the dates. However, iPlanet did
not reveal the price bracket the phone will come in.

Meanwhile, cross-border e-commerce player Grabmore.in has started taking
pre-orders for the iPhone 6 from Indian customer before the launch and claims to
have delivered many units in India till now after the smartphone was made
available in the US.

"We had already delivered many units to our customers in India within four to
five days of the launch. However, due to the huge demand in the US, the delivery
of pending bookings along with new orders will be done by end of October or
early November," said Satish Das, Executive Director, Grabmore.

Grabmore.in had initially priced the iPhone 6 16 GB at Rs. 61,999. Later, they
updated it to Rs. 54,999. It is shipping from the US itself with one-year global
warranty.

"We are offering the unlocked iPhone 6 16 GB model which was launched in the US
to our Indian customers at a price of Rs. 54,999 now. We are expecting it to be
available locally by October 17 or 18. If this happens we will deliver the
locally available iPhone 6 handsets, instead of the imported version. The iPhone
6 16 GB price in India is expected to be close to around Rs. 55,000. If the
price at which we are selling happens to more than the local price then we will
surely refund the excess amount," said Das.

The market had also speculated that the iPhone 6 Plus will arrive along with the
iPhone 6 and would be available at a starting price of around Rs. 65,000 to Rs.
70,000. However, it is quite possible that the iPhone 6 Plus may not be
available in India now. "The iPhone 6 Plus will take some time to arrive as the
supply is pretty slow. We are offering the imported version of the iPhone 6 Plus
16 GB for Rs 59,999. We are expecting the iPhone 6 Plus to be priced around Rs
60,000," added Das.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                                October 29, 2014

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus now available at all Vodafone outlets

LENGTH: 395  words


Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have finally arrived in Malta and are
exclusively available at all Vodafone retail outlets. Vodafone is the official
Apple representative in Malta.

"We are extremely excited to offer our customers even more choice in the shape
of the new iconic iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," said Luan Vella, Terminals Senior
Executive. "With our high speed and reliable network and our great value plans,
Vodafone customers can be assured of a great experience at great value. We are
also particularly pleased that the arrival of the iPhone 6 coincides with
Vodafone's roll-out of 4G to our prepaid and contractual customers, so they can
get full benefit from the iPhone 6 experience thanks to the much faster download
speeds that 4G offers"

Vodafone is pleased to offer the best prices on the market, with the iPhone 6
costing [#x20ac]739, or just [#x20ac]149 with Vodafone RED premium plans for the
16GB model, and the iPhone 6 Plus priced at [#x20ac]849 or just [#x20ac]199 with
Vodafone RED premium plans for the 16GB model.

The iPhone 6 is available in grey, gold and silver. It has a 4.7 inch display
that is the largest ever on offer and also features brilliant colour and higher
contrast at even wider viewing angles with its 1334 x 750 resolution. It runs on
iOS 8, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, and includes the all
new A8 chip that can sustain higher performance than the previous A7 chip. This
allows giving customers the luxury of playing graphics-intensive games and
enjoying video at higher frame rates for longer than ever.

The iPhone 6 Plus also comes in grey, gold and silver  and features a 5.5 inch,
1920 x 1080 resolution screen. It operates on an A8 64-bit ARM with M8 motion
coprocessor, which is a remarkably small and efficient chip which is able to
deliver incredible performance with up to 50 per cent more energy efficient than
the A7 chip. Another feature is Metal, a new technology that lets developers
create highly immersive console-style games on iPhone and which is optimised to
allow the CPU and GPU to work together to deliver detailed graphics and complex
visual effects.

For further information on the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, visit one of
Vodafone's retail outlets across Malta and Gozo, call 247 from a Vodafone line
or 9999 9247 from any other line, visit www.vodafone.com .mt or log onto
Vodafone Malta's Facebook Page.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2014 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Kerala IT News

                          October 8, 2014 6:30 AM EST

Redington India to offer iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus on Oct 17

BYLINE: Kerala IT News

LENGTH: 360  words


New Delhi: Redington India has announced it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus at leading retail outlets across India beginning October 17, 2014 at 12:01
am. Customers can pre-book both models at the leading retail outlets.

The iPhone 6 is priced at Rs. 53,500/- for the 16GB model, Rs. 62,500/- for 64GB
and Rs. 71,500/- for 128GB. The iPhone 6 Plus is priced at Rs. 62,500/- for the
16GB model, Rs. 71,500/- for 64GB and Rs. 80,500/- for 128GB.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus features 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays,
and are packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and
seamless design. The new iPhones feature a precision unibody enclosure of
anodized aluminum that conforms seamlessly with the shaped glass of the display,
resulting in a completely smooth and continuous surface.

Packed with innovative new technologies, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus include the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
for blazing fast performance and power efficiency; advanced iSightA and FaceTime
HD cameras; ultrafast wireless technologies; and Apple Paya, an easier way to
simply and securely make payments with just the touch of a finger. Both models
include iOS 8, the latest version of the world's most advanced mobile operating
system.

Redington provides end-to-end supply chain solutions for all categories of
Information Technology products (PCs, PC building blocks, networking, software
and enterprise solution products) and Consumer and Lifestyle products (Telecom,
Digital Lifestyle products, Entertainment products and Digital Printing
Machines) to over 100 international brands and relationship with major brands
have been for years.

With its corporate office in Chennai, it has 56 Sales locations, 70 owned
service centres and 292 partner service centres across India. In addition,
through its subsidiaries both in India and overseas, Redington has 78 Sales
offices, 104 warehouses and 109 own service centres and 310 partner centres. A
team comprising of over 2200 highly skilled and committed professionals helps
the Company deliver its products and services to every corner of the country.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 Sourcing Partners, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched in China

SECTION: PHOTOS

LENGTH: 131 words


Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones finally arrived on the
Chinese mainland, the world's biggest smartphone market, on October 17.

The iPhone 6 is available in , silver and grey with a suggested retail price of
5,288 yuan ($860.16) for the cheapest model with 16GB of storage. The iPhone 6
Plus, in the same colors, costs 6,088 yuan for the cheapest model, also with
16GB of storage. The most expensive iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB storage is priced
at 7,788 yuan.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were released on Sept 19 in the United States and
elsewhere. Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 hanets in the first weekend
after their launch, which excluded the Chinese mainland. Apple said its new
iPhones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year.


LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BUYERS PICK A SOUR APPLE

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 733 words


Is it too late to bring back the hand-crank phone?

Apple spends an estimated $2.1 billion a year on the research and development of
its products. No doubt a sizable portion of that budget was dedicated to the
company's recent rollout of the much-frothed-over iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
gizmos, giving its customers even greater critical access to nude selfies, texts
reminding people where one is currently consuming moo goo gai pan and
interminable, inconsequential telephonic babble.

In the first week of sales, 10 million gullible people lined up to plop down at
least $200 to purchase a device that will ...well, essentially do exactly what
their iPhone model whatever already did. Isn't this a bit like replacing a
perfectly serviceable car for a new one with a louder horn?

But what should have been Apple's moment of triumph for the till, by once again
snookering people into buying something they don't need, turned into a
challenge. For want of a double-knit fabric, Apple faced a portent of doom.

Despite Apple's expenditure of vast sums to create the iPhone 6 Plus, along with
the work performed by the nation's finest techno geeks, potentially fatal
consumer flaws in the device apparently went unnoticed.

It seems the iPhone 6 Plus cannot be jammed into today's fashionable pockets.
And if one somehow successfully manages to dig, shove, push, wedge, cram or
otherwise nudge an iPhone 6 Plus into his or her clothing, some customers claim
the whatchamacallit tends to bend. In short, we stand on the cusp of a worldwide
butt-calling crisis.

Though there is some doubt over the claim, reports the iPhone 6 Plus bends like
a Slim Jim sausage snack sent Apple shares tumbling by billions of dollars,
which set off a domino effect of unrelated company stocks also taking a hit.

Let's review. The nation's foremost producer of highly engineered communications
devices spends hundreds of millions of dollars on a new thingy, which is
supposed to be marginally better than its old thingy, and the entire project is
put at risk and Apple's stock craters because gelatinous consumers wearing tight
clothing can't pry the cockamamie widget into a pocket.

Is it too late to bring back the Princess phone?

Suggestion for Apple's CEO Tim Cook: Have you considered a free Jane Fonda
workout app for the iPhone 6 Plus?

Suggestion No. 2 for Apple: Have you considered a free new product to go along
with the iPhone 6 Plus, such as deep-pocket Apple cargo iPants?

Other consumers have kvetched the iPhone 6 Plus is too big to fit into a woman's
purse, or a man's inside jacket pocket, as if they are expected to lug around a
typewriter in their clothing. Oh, the fashion heartbreak of it all.

Around the world, wars are waging, diseases are claiming thousands of lives,
volcanos are erupting, humorless terrorists are running amok and demonstrators
are taking to the streets seeking freedom. But what seems to be consuming
countless Americans? Their iPhones are leaving unsightly shapes in their
pockets, that is, when they are able to squeeze - against all laws of physics -
the doohickey into their pants.

And for that Apple experienced a multibillion-dollar stock slap?

There is a silver lining solution to Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus woes.

Since the new whatsits are so unwieldy and a crime against couture, might this
lead to consumers leaving their iPhones in the car, or at home, or in a giant
knapsack?

Imagine what this might do to the mind-numbing video game industry, not to
mention the "Billy Bob is eating a burrito at Taco Bell" texting community, not
to mention the do-it-yourself porn aficionados. They would be forced to expose
their shortcomings in person, the old-fashioned way.

People might actually have to sit across from one another in restaurants and
converse eye-to-eye. How socially revolutionary. Social human discourse
uninhibited by a handheld techno-cave. Now there's a concept.

Since it is probably too late to bring back the candlestick phone, we can rest
assured the American industrial/fashion complex will rise to the occasion and
meet the demands of consumers who yearn to be trendy but insist on memorializing
themselves with slobbering selfies taken while twerking as they alert the
universe to their presence at an Ybor City tattoo parlor.

Get ready for the next stylish trend - nicely baggy leisure suits with kangaroo
pouches front and back. So iDe rigueur.

- druth@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: Owners of the iPhone 6 Plus have reported
that it tends to bend when back-pocketed.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 1:31 PM GMT

Apple fans queue through the night in Eldon Square for the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus;
Eldon Square shoppers stood in a queue which snaked up Newgate Street hoping to
get their hands on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

BYLINE: By Hannah Flint

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


Apple fans queue through the night in Eldon Square for the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus

Diehard technology fans queued for up to 12 hours to get their hands on the
latest mobile phone on the market.

Fanatics desperate for Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus queued for hours
outside Eldon Square shopping centre in Newcastle in the rain.

In the early hours of the morning, over 300 fans stood in the queue that snaked
up Newgate Street before the Apple shop was finally opened at 8am.

Fans were still waiting outside at 10am on the day of the launch of the handsets
which promise 4G reception and longer battery life.

But many were left disappointed after the shop sold out of the iPhone 6 Plus -
the bigger version of the new phone.

Osan Al-Jaberly, 18, a student from Gosforth, said he waited in line at the
Metro Centre at 4am, but left after he was told only the iPhone 6 was being
sold.

He then made his way to Eldon Square only to find out his desired 6 Plus was
already sold out.

Apple fans gather for release of new iPhone

He said: "It wasn't worth me waking up so early - they won't get more iPhone 6
Pluses in until next week.

"I'm going to go home and complain to Apple - they need to sort their self out
and get more stock in the future."

The lucky first fans to get their hands on the new models waited 12 hours for
their phones.

Calvin Liu, a 20-year-old student who lives in Sunderland, said: "I came here at
9pm last night and there were about 15 people in front of me. I've had all the
models of the iPhone: the 4, the 4S, the 5 and the 5S. I'm a huge iPhone fan."

He walked away with one iPhone 6 and one Plus, bought for his girlfriend.

Others came well prepared for the long wait.

Queues in Newcastle for Apple's new iPhone six

James Bunting, 24, bought chairs, crisps, an umbrella and an energy drink and
sat with two friends playing games in the queue from midnight.

He said the team from Apple arrived at around 6am and let only a few people into
the mall, while leaving hundreds of others to continue waiting.

He managed to grab a phone just before 10am this morning.

"It was a long nine hours but nine hours well served," he said.

But not everyone was so lucky. A group of fans who arrived at 4am were still
waiting at the end of the queue in the shopping centre by 9am on the
long-anticipated day of the launch, while many more were still stuck outside.
Student Jamal Khan, 18, from Stockton said: "We came here at four in the morning
and we're at the back of the line waiting for the phone. It's a bit upsetting."

He added that he had only managed two hours of sleep overnight.

Disqus commenting in articles

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 1:31 PM GMT

Apple fans queue through the night in Eldon Square for the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus;
Eldon Square shoppers stood in a queue which snaked up Newgate Street hoping to
get their hands on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

BYLINE: By Hannah Flint

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


Apple fans queue through the night in Eldon Square for the new iPhone 6 and 6
Plus

Diehard technology fans queued for up to 12 hours to get their hands on the
latest mobile phone on the market.

Fanatics desperate for Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus queued for hours
outside Eldon Square shopping centre in Newcastle in the rain.

In the early hours of the morning, over 300 fans stood in the queue that snaked
up Newgate Street before the Apple shop was finally opened at 8am.

Fans were still waiting outside at 10am on the day of the launch of the handsets
which promise 4G reception and longer battery life.

But many were left disappointed after the shop sold out of the iPhone 6 Plus -
the bigger version of the new phone.

Osan Al-Jaberly, 18, a student from Gosforth, said he waited in line at the
Metro Centre at 4am, but left after he was told only the iPhone 6 was being
sold.

He then made his way to Eldon Square only to find out his desired 6 Plus was
already sold out.

Apple fans gather for release of new iPhone

He said: "It wasn't worth me waking up so early - they won't get more iPhone 6
Pluses in until next week.

"I'm going to go home and complain to Apple - they need to sort their self out
and get more stock in the future."

The lucky first fans to get their hands on the new models waited 12 hours for
their phones.

Calvin Liu, a 20-year-old student who lives in Sunderland, said: "I came here at
9pm last night and there were about 15 people in front of me. I've had all the
models of the iPhone: the 4, the 4S, the 5 and the 5S. I'm a huge iPhone fan."

He walked away with one iPhone 6 and one Plus, bought for his girlfriend.

Others came well prepared for the long wait.

Queues in Newcastle for Apple's new iPhone six

James Bunting, 24, bought chairs, crisps, an umbrella and an energy drink and
sat with two friends playing games in the queue from midnight.

He said the team from Apple arrived at around 6am and let only a few people into
the mall, while leaving hundreds of others to continue waiting.

He managed to grab a phone just before 10am this morning.

"It was a long nine hours but nine hours well served," he said.

But not everyone was so lucky. A group of fans who arrived at 4am were still
waiting at the end of the queue in the shopping centre by 9am on the
long-anticipated day of the launch, while many more were still stuck outside.
Student Jamal Khan, 18, from Stockton said: "We came here at four in the morning
and we're at the back of the line waiting for the phone. It's a bit upsetting."

He added that he had only managed two hours of sleep overnight.

Disqus commenting in articles

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:42 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:42 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple Strays from Jobs path;
Steve Jobs gave people what they wanted before they knew they wanted it. Apple
now gives all the options or them to choose from, Krishna Bahirwani explores
what one can expect from Apple's new offerings.

BYLINE: Krishna Bahirwani

LENGTH: 1039  words


Steve Jobs gave people what they wanted before they knew they wanted it. Apple
now gives all the options or them to choose from, Krishna Bahirwani explores
what one can expect from Apple's new offerings.

Get ready for  iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus and Apple Watch

For the first time since its invention Apple has decided to adopt a different
strategy with the new, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. I'm not talking about the
Apple-designed A8 chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture
and advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras or even the "ultrafast" wireless
technologies or even Apple Pay , an easier way to simply and securely make
payments with just the touch with iOS 8, the latest version of Apple's operating
system.I'm talking about the design and concept, ever since its inception the
iPhone has always been one phone for each  generation with an exception of
different storage capacities but this time there are two different phones which
takes away from the singularity of the "iPhone".

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,"
said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "The iPhone is the most loved smartphone in the
world with the highest customer satisfaction in the industry and we are making
it much better in every way. Only Apple can combine the best hardware, software
and services at this unprecedented level and we think customers are going to
love it."

The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD display with 1334 x 750 resolution,
which is designed to provide a 38 percent more viewing area than iPhone 5s. The
iPhone 6 Plus features an even bigger 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 1920 x
1080 resolution, providing 88 percent more viewing area and nearly three times
the pixels than iPhone 5s.

Although both the phones have cameras with the new sensor featuring Focus Pixels
, iPhone 6 Plus get optical image stabilization technology that compensates for
shaky hands. The iPhone 6 Plus also has a higher battery capacity ,because of
the larger screen size which possibly consumes more power it cannot be said if
the increased battery capacity will benifit its users in terms of time to surf
the web or watching videos.The iPhone 6 Plus also features a landscape mode
similar to the iPad where apps can work when the phone is held horizontally .

Having two phones has created a divide within the iPhone users having to make a
choice which they never had to today. As of today iPhone 6 Plus is sold out with
Apple and carrier online stores, much before the the 4.7-inch iPhone 6. The
exact quanitity of the number of iPhone 6 Plus sold or even the iPhone 6 is
unknown and therefore it is difficult to accertain  if there were lesser
quanitites of iPhone 6 Plus made.

It cannot be said if this strategy will help them get more of a market share or
if it will make Apple bend towards the "phablet" market or if making two
different models was a bad move.

Hot features

Dramatically thin design

Powerful A8 chip

Stunning Retina HD display

Advanced camera

Apple Pay

Apple has officially made its entry into the smartwatch industry with the Apple
Watch which they are dubbing as their most personal device ever Apple Watch
features the digital crown, a new way of interaction following on the footsteps
of the iPod Click Wheel and iPhone Multi-Touch. The Digital Crown provides an
innovative way to scroll, zoom and navigate. Apple Watch makes your wrist the
center of your communication by sending and receiving messages, answering calls
to your iPhone, and with Digital Touch, sending something as personal as your
own heartbeat all from your wrist. Apple Watch also wants you to be healthy with
a whole new set of health and fitness apps. Apple Watch has three versions,
Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch Edition.

"Apple introduced the world to several category-defining products, the Mac,
iPod, iPhone and iPad," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "And once again Apple is
poised to captivate the world with a revolutionary product that can enrich
people's lives. It's the most personal product we've ever made."

"With Apple Watch, we've developed multiple technologies and an entirely new
user interface specifically for a device that's designed to be worn. It blurs
the boundary between physical object and user interface," said Jony Ive, Apple's
senior vice president of Design. "We've created an entire range of products that
enable unparalleled personalisation."

Apple Watch has an iOS-based user interface created specifically for a smaller
device with the digital crown serving as the home button and a convenient way to
access Siri. Apple Watch comes in three  versions, Apple Watch, Apple Watch
Sport and Apple Watch Edition and is available in two sizes, 38 mm and 42 mm.

Apple is giving you all the choice you need with the Apple Watch with enclosures
of the made from custom alloys of polished or space black stainless steel, space
gray or silver anodised aluminium and 18-karat rose or yellow gold. When it
comes to watch straps you get everything from stainless steel to leather as an
option. The customization doesn't stop there with 11 watch faces ranging from
traditional analog faces to new faces like the dynamic Timelapse face which can
also be further personalized allowing the Apple Watch to become an extension of
your personality.

Taking advantage of its location on your wrist, Apple Watch gives you all the
information you need like directions or current locations at a glance which you
can interact with using your hand or your voice.  Apple Watch also includes a
groundbreaking Activity app which offers calories burned, brisk activity and how
often you stand up during the day and another Workout provides goal-setting and
pacing during popular session-based workouts, such as running and cycling. The
companion Fitness app on iPhone collects your activity data so you can see your
activity history in greater detail. Apple Watch uses this history to suggest
personal, realistic goals, reward fitness milestones and keep you
motivated.Available at 350$ in the US, the device definitely packs bang for the
buck.

Hot features

Heart Rate Meter

Wireless charging

A lot of customisation

with straps

Retina HD screen

Fitness tracking

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Goulburn Post

                               September 25, 2014

New iPhone answers Goulburn's call

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 712  words


THE iPhone 6 was released to the world at 8am last Friday.

By 8.01am, the Telstra Business Centre had sold its first handset.

Customers have continued to pour-in since.

A larger screen, lighter weight and overall hype surrounding the Apple release
is enticing customers, the Business Centre's Danielle Coleman says.

'Since 8 o'clock Friday morning they've been selling well,' she said on Tuesday.

'The bigger screen is definitely a popular feature, plus people have got a
choice between the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Customers are really pleased.'

Enhanced features in the new iPhone include a larger screen, improved camera,
faster text message response, increased RAM, greater wireless connectivity, a
built-in air pressure reader and a series of health apps.

Apple engineers have followed Samsung's lead and increased the screen size by
nearly 30 per cent on its 6 Plus model. The standard iPhone 6 screen is nearly
an inch wider that its predecessor.

The changes are welcome among iPhone buffs.

Customers filed through the doors of the Optus Shop in Centro Mall from the
moment staff opened for business on Friday.

'It's been pretty crazy,' a customer service consultant said.

'We sold out within an hourand- a-half on the first day. We've been getting
orders in since and selling out every time.'

She predicted iPhone 6 sales will remain high until at least Christmas.

The new iPhone release has captured interest beyond Goulburn.

More than 10 million of the devices have been snapped up since their September
19 worldwide release. Four million of those were sold within 24 hours of the
launch.

Those figures even stunned Apple's highest-ranking employee.

'Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier,' CEO Tim Cook said.

The term iPhone 6 continues to trend on Twitter ' a week after its release. It's
also a hot topic on Facebook.

'I love it,' Georgia Winter wrote on the Goulburn Post's Facebook page.

'I'm not that into technology and having the latest gadgets but I absolutely
love my new iPhone,' added Madeline Flannery. 'It's just so fast. I previously
had an iPhone 4 and this new one is just no comparison.'

Craig Griffin wrote: 'It's a game changer. The 6 in my opinion is the sweet spot
of phone sizes, I thought the 6 Plus was a little too big making it somewhat
cumbersome.'

While popular among many, the new model has its shortcomings.

The size of the iPhone 6 Plus is of particular concern, Fairfax technology
writer Will Oremus says.

'There's no easy way to use the device with just one hand,' he wrote in his
review.

'Just typing in your pass code to unlock the 6 Plus requires either a second
hand or a feat of manual acrobatics. Reaching the top buttons on the home screen
' you know, trivial things like 'messages,' 'photos,' and 'camera' ' is out of
the question.'

The battery ' a facet that's drawn criticism in older iPhone models ' is also a
concern, Engadget.com's Brad Molen discovered.

'In our video-playback tests, the 6 lasted 10 hours and 19 minutes; that's
actually worse than the 5's results from last year' he explained.

'The iPhone 6 Plus, on the other hand, still had 14 per cent battery left when
the 6 died.'

The iPhone 6 remains on sale at the Telstra Business Centre and both the Telstra
and Optus shops in Centro Mall.

Harvey Norman doesn't have any of the new devices in stock, but hopes to obtain
some in the coming weeks.

A CONCERNED Goulburn Postis reluctant to get her hands on the iPhone six for
fear it may aid the spread of Ebola.

The claim is not completely absurd.

'Just read that they're apparently contaminated with the Ebola virus, don't know
how true it is but be careful as they manufacture the plastic for them in Sierra
Leone which is where the latest big breakout is,' the user wrote on the Goulburn
Post's Facebook page this week.

The reader's response was based on media reports that claimed the new iPhone
posed an Ebola risk for Australian consumers.

Those stories originally circulated from satire news site Daily Buzz Feed and
were soon circulated around the globe. Daily Buzz Feed has since made it clear
the reports were manufactured and held no truth.

Fear not Goulburn iPhone enthusiasts, Apple's newest device won't give you
Ebola.

A visit to Sierra Leone, however, may'

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

New iPhone meets old iFans

BYLINE: By Julia Love and Patrick May San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; High-Tech

LENGTH: 585 words


Christmas came in September this year for Apple devotees, as scores of people
across the country turned out early at the company's stores on Friday to get
their hands on new supersized iPhones.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were met with delirious excitement by fans, many of whom
had awakened at the crack of dawn -- or even camped out -- to be among the first
to buy the new gadgets. With significantly larger screens, the latest iPhones
help Apple match competitors like Samsung, which have long offered devices that
blur the line between smartphone and tablet.

Apple loyalists clogged San Francisco's Marina District, where the line to enter
the Apple Store wrapped around the block. Many were fatigued after a sleepless
night in the cold, but they perked up once they'd secured the prized phones.
Raul Ramos, a 68-year-old San Francisco resident, was jubilant as he strolled
out of the store with a gold 6 Plus in hand.

"Once I got the phone, I woke right up," said Ramos, a retired pharmacist who
has camped out for every new gadget since the iPhone 3. "I'm not going home to
sleep. I'm going to be playing with it."

Ramos was fourth in line, sitting just behind Klaus Bandisch, a 59-year-old San
Francisco resident who arrived nearly 24 hours early to secure his spot. Parked
in his folding chair, he said a competitive spirit drove him to be among the
first to get the iPhone 6 Plus.

"Second is the first loser," said Bandisch, who is CEO of 140AdAgency.com , a
company that makes mobile websites.

Exiting the store with a space gray 6 Plus, Bandisch, a first-time camper, said
the device was worth the wait.

"The screen is so crisp and clear," he gushed. "I love the size, and it seems
very light."

But supplies of the 6 Plus did not last for long. Tony Ring-Dowell, a
26-year-old who was about 20th in line, said the device was sold out by the time
he entered the store. He was content with his space gray iPhone 6, though.

"I'm even more excited because the phone is so different," said Ring-Dowell, a
first-grade teacher.

Apple offered the first glimpse of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last week as part of
a wave of new products and services at a star-studded event.

Now that Apple has finally answered the call for larger screens, analysts expect
the new iPhones to trigger a gusher of sales. More than 4 million pre-orders for
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day they became available online last
week, twice the volume Apple saw for the iPhone 5. If supplies don't run out,
analysts predict that Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones this weekend,
up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

The iPhone hysterics extended far beyond Apple's Bay Area stomping grounds. In
Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple's flagship store in Sydney Friday
morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the U.K. could also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up sales
in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when the new
iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the approval it
needs from regulators there.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5-inch 6 Plus starts at $299. Apart from their superior
size, the phones offer sharper displays, improved battery life and an upgraded
camera.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

iPhone 6 sales start Friday

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 362 words


The long-awaited, muchhyped iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be going
on sale in Saskatchewan, beginning Friday.

The iPhone 6, which was launched with much fanfare last Tuesday in Cupertino,
Calif., will be available at SaskTel retail store locations and select SaskTel
Authorized Apple iPhone dealers, the Crown telecommunications company announced
Monday. Telus, Bell and Rogers customers in Saskatchewan will also be able to
buy the new iPhone 6 Friday, according to spokespersons for the three wireless
companies.

"We always experience high demand for Apple devices and we are confident SaskTel
customers will enjoy using the remarkable new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on
SaskTel's leading network," Ron Styles, Sask-Tel president and CEO, said in a
news release.

SaskTel will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers to connect to its 4G
(fourth generation) LTE (long-term evolution) network.

Prices for the iPhone 6 will start at $265 for the 16 gigabyte (GB) model and
iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at $375 for the 16GB model based on a
24-month contract.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are said to be "the biggest advancements in
iPhone history," featuring two new models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD
displays, and packed with innovative technologies, such as iSight and FaceTime
HD cameras and iOS 8, Apple's latest mobile operating system, which has a health
application that allows users to monitor their health and fitness levels
instantly.

A spokeswoman for SaskTel said Apple is allowing SaskTel to offer the iPhone 6
at the same time as competitors, like Rogers and Telus.

"It's exciting for us to be able to offer it to our customers at the same time
as the other competitors in the market," said Michelle Englot, director of
external communications at SaskTel.

"Apple is very particular about who provides their phones and (other) devices,
so we're happy that we've proven us ourselves and get the same consideration as
anyone else."

While the 'big three' competitors (Telus, Bell and Rogers) will offer the iPhone
6 Friday, Englot added that none of them has the same "footprint" in terms of
coverage in Saskatchewan that SaskTel has.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple says iPhone 6 bendgate affected just 'nine customers'

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 451 words



HIGHLIGHT: But Apple stock still tumbling amidst a buggy iOS8 rollout.


Apple has comeback at claims that the iPhone 6 Plus is easily bent by stating
that this damage would be 'rare' with normal use.

The retort comes amidst the ongoing bendgate incident, so called because some
owners of the iPhone 6 Plus are claiming that their phones are bending after
prolonged stays in their front trouser pockets.

First appearing on MacRumors.com, photos of bent iPhones quickly circulated the
web, with competitors eagerly jumping in to mock Apple. Samsung posted this
photo of its Galaxy Note Edge on Twitter, a smartphone which is meant to have a
curve in it.

In a statement, Apple said: "Our iPhones are designed, engineered and
manufactured to be both beautiful and sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature
a precision engineered unibody enclosure constructed from machining a custom
grade of 6000 series anodized aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength.
They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.

UK phone tester SquareTrade, which originally said that the iPhone 6 Plus scored
higher in terms of durability than the Samsung Galaxy S5, issued a statement
this this week saying it would retest the phone to measure its bendability.

The firm said: "A bendability test hasn't been part of our breakability testing
to date because up until this week we've never seen a phone thin enough to make
this a potential issue."

In its statement, Apple said that the materials and construction methods used in
making the iPhone 6 Plus were chosen very carefully for their strength and
durability. The phone giant also said that it performs strict testing on all
phones during their development cycles.

"We also perform rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle
including 3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user
studies. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality
standards to endure everyday, real life use.

"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus. As with any Apple product, if you have questions please contact Apple."

Apple's share price has dropped following bendgate, but some blame can also be
attributed to the initial iOS 8update which left many users unable to use their
iPhone properly.

$20bn was obliterated off the value of Apple on Thursday after it pulled the
iOS8 update. Apple said: "We apologise for the great inconvenience experienced
by users and are working around the clock to prepare iOS 8.0.2 with a fix for
the issue."

Shares had fallen 3.8% on Thursday, putting Apple below the $100 mark.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

The new, improved and bendable iPhone 6

LENGTH: 545  words


The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus have only been available a few week but users
of the two new iPhones have reported a rather astonishing structural flaw: The
smartphones bend. Camping overnight outside Apple stores to spend money on a
redundant smartphone is just plain foolish in my opinion but even more
astonishing [...]
The post The new, improved and bendable iPhone 6 appeared first on tbreak.ae.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus have only been available a few week but users
of the two new iPhones have reported a rather astonishing structural flaw: The
smartphones bend.

Camping overnight outside Apple stores to spend money on a redundant smartphone
is just plain foolish in my opinion but even more astonishing is the fact that
Apple has somehow unintentionally created a flexible phone. iPhone users have
taken to the MacUsers Forum in droves to report the flaw, with many uploading
images of their bent iPhones. One user even claimed that his iPhone was
distorted after a mere 18 hours in his pocket. Clearly even he realised the
fruitlessness of owning an iPhone 6.

But is this all an elaborate hoax?

Unbox Therapy's Lewis Hilsenteger, a YouTuber who also happens to be a dedicated
iPhone 6 Plus owner, released a video of a brand new iPhone 6 Plus undergoing a
bend test; he bent it with his own hands, dispelling hopes that #bendgate is a
mere hoax. Needless to say it failed the test rather miserably. In a follow up
video where he conducted the same test on a Galaxy Note 3, he attempted to
revert the iPhone 6 Plus back to its original shape, however the screen cracked.

Notably, these aren't the first iPhones to warp out of shape. A few weeks after
its release, users of the iPhone 5 commented on the fact that it bent even
though the smartphones weren't kept in their back pockets and sat upon. When the
iPhone 5S was released, the same symptom didn't take too long to pop up, with
users reporting that their smartphones bending at the volume button over a
period of time.

The root of the problem stems from the iPhone 6's anodized aluminium frame.
Though anodizing it makes it more durable and prevents it from rusting,
aluminium by its very nature is a rather soft metal. With the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus only being a few millimetres thick, it's not surprising that they
can be bent by applying a little bit of pressure. Unfortunately, this also means
that the surface of the phone starts cracking. What a great new feature.

It's actually quite staggering that the same structural vulnerability is present
in iPhones from two different generations. One would have thought that Apple
would have already fixed it. I'm looking forward to seeing how Apples PR team is
going to respond to this; I wouldn't be surprised if they say that Apple have
created the first flexible smartphones in existence. Apples rivals, such as
Samsung, have however quickly publicised the claims of the structural flaw
through social media.

Update: Apple has responded to the allegations by saying that such damage would
be "rare" during normal use, with only 9 users reporting directly to Apple about
the flaw. Apple is also going to replace your iPhone using their Visual
Mechanical Inspection test.

The post The new, improved and bendable iPhone 6 appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Consumers like super-sized smartphones, but carrying them around...

BYLINE: By Julio Ojeda-Zapata jojeda@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; High-Tech

LENGTH: 1340 words




Ellen Reeher of St. Paul hadn't intended to join the gigantic-smartphone
revolution.

But when her husband accidentally ordered her Apple's jumbo iPhone 6 Plus ,
instead of the smaller iPhone 6 she'd wanted, Reeher found herself having to
make adjustments -- like millions of others with the latest and biggest
smartphones.

It's been trying at times, Reeher said. Her iPhone 6 Plus often will not fit in
the back pocket of her jeans, so, "I have been known to stuff it into my
waistband."

Workouts are another issue. She used to clip her iPhone 5 to her waist while
running, but the iPhone 6 Plus is too big for that. She's now making do with an
old iPod Shuffle while running until she can figure how to incorporate the big
phone into her exercise routine.

But Reeher's bottom line with her iPhone 6 Plus?

"I love it," said the Cathedral Hill small-business owner, who has found herself
watching a lot of streaming videos -- including her treasured Japanese, Korean
and Taiwanese TV shows -- on the device.

Extra-large phones have been around for years. But the 5 1/2-inch iPhone 6 Plus,
released in August, has helped accelerate the trend towards ever-bigger
handsets.

Other such megaphones include the 6-inch Google Nexus 6 and Samsung's Galaxy
Note 4 and Note Edge , the latest in the Note lineage that helped pioneer the
big-phone trend. Obscure options include Chinese-brand smartphones like the 5
1/2-inch OnePlus One and the 6-inch Huawei Ascend Mate 2 , which some in this
country have embraced.

Sales of such large phones seem to be taking off. They accounted for about 10
percent of phone sales between August and October -- up from 2 percent during
the same period in 2013 -- according to market-research firm Kantar Worldpanel.

The iPhone 6 Plus captured about 41 percent of these 2014 "phablet" sales , said
Kantar, which focused its analysis on phones with screen sizes of 5 1/2 inches
or larger.

 TABLETS GATHERING DUST

Local business analyst David Pollitt said he used to switch between his phone
and iPad "when I wanted a better gaming experience or for reading longer news
articles."

But with his iPhone 6 Plus, "I find the difference so minimal now that I either
don't bring my iPad with me anywhere or don't use it."

Seth Long of Washington State, who had previously owned an iPhone 5 and a Google
Nexus 5, likewise said the iPhone 6 Plus is so great for complex gaming that his
iPad mini gets little use now.

He adds that his Apple smartphone is great for work tasks like Google Analytics
and MailChimp e-mail-list management along with the Google Docs word processor
and Google Sheets spreadsheet app.

Minneapolis digital-marketing specialist Judy Carter said her iPhone 6 Plus has
triggered big changes in her work habits, with more of these likely to come.

"I created a few websites with my work on them and I find myself showing more
people" this content with the Apple phone. "The mobile Web looks great on it!"

Carter added, "I am also going to start filming video more and learn how to edit
and create films for websites and reports. The purchasing of the phone triggered
this because the photos and videos I take are much better quality and are easier
to take on the bigger phone."

Seattle-based software developer Buzz Bruggeman said his Kindle e-book reader
gathers dust because his 6-inch Huawei Ascend Mate 2 is "like reading a
paperback book." He's abandoned plans to buy an iPad.

Reading has become a leading activity on larger phones, largely at the expense
of tablets, according to recent statistics from Pocket , a Minnesota-spawned
service that lets users save Web content for later.

The bigger the handset, the likelier a Pocket user will choose that device over
a tablet for reading or watching videos for those who own both kinds of gadgets,
the service found.

Those who own an iPhone 6 Plus along with an iPad will do 80 percent of their
reading or watching on the phone (a figure mirrored in the Android realm),
according to Pocket. This compares with 72 percent of iPhone 6 users and 55
percent of iPhone 5s users.

 STOWING, HOLDING IT

Once obtaining such a phone, though, users have to figure out where to stash it.
Women with big purses have it easy; Reeher slips her phone into an outer purse
pocket. Men, not so much.

"I have always carried a big bag around with me," Carter said. "If anything, the
big phone is easier to find."

Kristie Glenn, another iPhone 6 Plus user, says she keeps her phone tucked away
in her purse partly out of fear.

"It's huge and I'm scared that I'm going to drop it," said Glenn, owner of the
online Blue Labels Boutique .

Wellness instructor Noreen Braman of Jamesburg, N.J., said she uses "a leather
cross body wallet" to tote around her Galaxy Note 3 phablet "when I am going
'bagless' (such as hiking or biking) because it just doesn't go well in a
pocket."

Men also have to get a bit creative because phablets can make for uncomfortably
bulky bundles in their pants pockets.

"I keep my iPhone 6 Plus in the left bib pocket of my overalls," said Kevin King
, a nurse in Metuchen, N.J.

Sean Ludwig , a recent phablet convert, loves his iPhone 6 Plus but discovered
that, like others, he needed to make wardrobe adjustments.

"I've decided to start wearing jeans that aren't as fitted, because the phone
fits better in average-sized jeans pockets," said Ludwig, head of communications
for tech startup.

"Thankfully, we are in winter ... and I can keep my phone in my coat pockets
rather than my pants pockets most of the time," he said. "I'm not sure how well
it will work when I'm wearing shorts in the summer."

Ludwig added: "I also am holding the phone differently, in that I hold the phone
with two hands most of the time so I don't drop it. The device is highly
fragile, and I don't want to break it."

 THE PHYSICAL STRAIN

Using such a large phone can be a physical strain for some, too.

Even the relatively compact 5.1-inch Samsung Galaxy S5 used to give Pollitt, the
business analyst, hand cramps, so he said he "bought a grip strengthener to work
out my thumbs before I got my iPhone 6 Plus. I'm glad I did because it is a
beast and extending my thumb to the far side of the screen is a stretch."

Pollitt added, "Most of the time the big screen is awesome and I don't find it
to be a problem. When it can be a pain is when my newborn son is sleeping in one
of my arms and I simply can't use the phone one handed!"

For some, the bigger phone size is just too big.

"I traded in my broken iPhone 5s last week for a 6 Plus, which is kind of dumb
when you are a woman with shorter fingers," said Lisa Dubbels , president of
Minneapolis-based Catalyst Publicity & Promotion Group. "I'm probably going to
bring it back for a regular 6, because I can't do anything with one hand now."

On the bright side, "I can read text without my contacts now," said Dubbels,
"and joke with my husband that I have the Reader's Digest large-print-edition
iPhone."

Some have figured out the trick to physically manipulating an extra-big, often
awkward smartphone -- they don't (at least much of the time).

When Kevin Schoonover of Cottage Grove switched to a Windows Phone-based Nokia
Lumia 1520 handset, he also became a heavy user of Bluetooth headsets from the
likes of LG, Phiaton and Sony.

Likewise Paul Saarinen of Shoreview keeps his Note 3 tucked in his back pants
pocket while keeping it paired with an LG Tone, a necklace-like Bluetooth device
with earbuds for voice calls and other audio, and an LG smartwatch with the
Android Wear operating system for getting his phone notifications.

Some phone users, meantime, are pining for even-larger handsets that cross fully
into small-tablet territory -- but retain full cell-phone functionality, which
traditional tablets typically do not.

"I use a (Samsung Galaxy) Note 3 and would buy a 7-inch tablet as a phone if
they made one," said Howard Suissa , a principal at Alberta, Canada-based Suissa
Design.

"For the 10 minutes a week I actually use my phone as a held-to-the-ear device,"
said Suissa, "I would rather have a tablet with cell capability than a big-ass
phone."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ellen Reeher uses her IPhone Plus to make a call, in St. Paul on
Tuesday, December 23, 2014 ( Pioneer Press: Scott Takushi)
Ellen Reeher owns an IPhone 6 Plus and has found ways to accomodate its larger
size, usual keeping it in her back pocket, photographed on Monday, December 22,
2014. ( Pioneer Press: Scott Takushi)
A collection of phones demonstrating how they have changed over the years.
Photographed on Wednesday, December 24, 2014, 2014.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

New iPhone 6S to be launched in Israel in October;
The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus iPhones will be sold officially in Israel
through several importers, including the major cellular operators.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple will launch the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in selected countries on
Friday, including the US, the UK, France, and Germany. Israel is not included in
the first launch wave, but it has been learned that the device will reach Israel
very soon - in late October-early November, according to reports.

iPhones are sold officially in Israel through a number of importers, including
the major cellular operators (Partner Communications Ltd. (Nasdaq: PTNR; TASE:
PTNR), Cellcom Israel Ltd. (NYSE:CEL; TASE:CEL), and Pelephone Communications
Ltd.), and also through importer C-Data.

The price of an iPhone 6S in the US will be NIS 2,700 (including local taxes),
while the price of an iPhone 6S Plus will be NIS 3,130.

A year ago, the price of an iPhone 6 at its launch in Israel was NIS 3,700,
while the iPhone 6 Plus was sold for NIS 4,200. The current price of an iPhone 6
is NIS 3,500, and the iPhone 6 Plus is going for NIS 3,900.

What is new about the new iPhones

The new iPhones appear exactly the same as their predecessors, but they are made
out of a newer and tougher aluminum, with the same size screen and new protected
glass. The significant innovation in the iPHone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus is a
touch screen technology called 3D Touch.

3D Touch technology identifies the force of the finger touching the screen and
provides new gestures. For example, when you touch the headline of an e-mail
message, you get a quick glimpse of the body of the message. Apps like Instagram
and Facebook will support the technology, and in the case of Facebook, status
can be raised directly from the home page on the iPhone by touching the icon and
opening an additional menu.

The new iPhones include the same screens: 4.7-inch with 750 x 1334 pixels
resolution for the iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution for
the iPhone 6S Plus. The iPhones come with an A9 processor on a 64-bit platform.
The A9 includes the movement processor that was formerly a separate processor
inside the smartphone.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
September 20, 2015

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2015

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

New iPhone 6S to be launched in Israel in October;
The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus iPhones will be sold officially in Israel
through several importers, including the major cellular operators.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple will launch the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in selected countries on
Friday, including the US, the UK, France, and Germany. Israel is not included in
the first launch wave, but it has been learned that the device will reach Israel
very soon - in late October-early November, according to reports.

iPhones are sold officially in Israel through a number of importers, including
the major cellular operators (Partner Communications Ltd. (Nasdaq: PTNR; TASE:
PTNR), Cellcom Israel Ltd. (NYSE:CEL; TASE:CEL), and Pelephone Communications
Ltd.), and also through importer C-Data.

The price of an iPhone 6S in the US will be NIS 2,700 (including local taxes),
while the price of an iPhone 6S Plus will be NIS 3,130.

A year ago, the price of an iPhone 6 at its launch in Israel was NIS 3,700,
while the iPhone 6 Plus was sold for NIS 4,200. The current price of an iPhone 6
is NIS 3,500, and the iPhone 6 Plus is going for NIS 3,900.

What is new about the new iPhones

The new iPhones appear exactly the same as their predecessors, but they are made
out of a newer and tougher aluminum, with the same size screen and new protected
glass. The significant innovation in the iPHone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus is a
touch screen technology called 3D Touch.

3D Touch technology identifies the force of the finger touching the screen and
provides new gestures. For example, when you touch the headline of an e-mail
message, you get a quick glimpse of the body of the message. Apps like Instagram
and Facebook will support the technology, and in the case of Facebook, status
can be raised directly from the home page on the iPhone by touching the icon and
opening an additional menu.

The new iPhones include the same screens: 4.7-inch with 750 x 1334 pixels
resolution for the iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution for
the iPhone 6S Plus. The iPhones come with an A9 processor on a 64-bit platform.
The A9 includes the movement processor that was formerly a separate processor
inside the smartphone.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
September 20, 2015

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2015

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

iOS and Android war set to begin in October, with Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
launch on 17th Oct

LENGTH: 529  words


The Apple fanboys who are waiting to get hold of the Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus
in India will be delighted to know that the phones will be available in India
from October 18.

The Cupertino announced the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with 4.7-inch display and
5.5-inch display respectively, which will go up on pre-order on September 12 and
on sale in the US on September 19. However, the company's India website shows
that the new iPhones will come to India on October 17, almost a month after its
launch in the US. The website was first showing the launch date to be September
26, however later update it to October 17.

It's raining flagship Smartphones in October in India!

Apple has set the launch time for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus around the
festive time in India, but don't we also see Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and Note
Edge, Sony Xperia Z3, and Android One Smartphones to come out in India around
the same time!

It is around this time of the year that most of the companies bring their
high-end smartphones to the market in India, considering that it helps boosting
their sales. With this announcement being made by Apple, we expect Samsung to
launch its Galaxy Note 4 and Note Edge in India around the same time. Samsung
and Apple are Arch rivals, and Samsung will ensure that the company does give
Apple a tough competition in India by launching its phones prior to the Apple's
Iphone 6 Launch in India.

Moreover, Nokia is already planning to launch its affordable flagship Lumia 830
in October. It is around the same time that we might as well see Sony's flagship
Xperia Z3 launch in India.

Moreover, on the affordable side, Google will most likely announce the Android
One smartphones in India on the 15 of this month, however will bring it to the
market in the first half of October. With all of these products set for October
launch, the competition is going to go even more intense.

An expensive affair!

The company has not revealed any information on its pricing as yet. As far as
the price is concerned, Apple has priced the carrier-subsidized iPhone 6 16GB
variant for the $199, going up to $399 for the 128GB variant. The price of the
5.5-inch variant starts at $299 for the 16GB and goes up to $499 for the 128GB
variant. The prices for the unlocked version f the phones will start from $649
for the iPhone 6 and $749 for the iPhone 6 Plus.

A recap on specs

The iPhone 6 Plus flaunts a full HD (19201080 pixels) display while iPhone 6
comes with a 4.7-inch (1334750 pixels) display. As expected, both the phones are
powered by Apple's new A8 64-bit processor, coupled with an M8 coprocessor which
will take care of the fitness and health services.

These sport 8-megapixel rear iSight camera with 1.5 pixels, F/2.2 aperture,
optical image stablisation and true tone flash, and a 1.2-megapixel Facetime
camera at the front. On the memory front, the RAM is not clear, though these
will come in three variants including 16/64/128GB. On the connectivity front,
the new iPhones also support NFC, and up to 20 LTE bands, along with better
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0. Apple claims that the iPhone 6's battery can last 14
hours, while the iPhone 6 Plus battery can last over 24 hours.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils new phones, watch

BYLINE: ERIC JOU in Cupertino

LENGTH: 1456  words


Technology giant Apple Computers announced at a press event in Cupertino,
California today three new products: two new iterations of their iPhone
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, and Apple's first foray into to
the wearable market -- the Apple Watch.

Describing it as the "the next chapter in Apple's story", Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduced the Apple Watch to a standing ovation from invited guests and tech
media.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink it and strap it to your
wrist," said Cook.

The new Apple Watch is a square screened device with a sapphire display that
provides haptic, or skin-contact, feedback. The watch has sensors on its back to
monitor heart rate. The focus of the watch -- with so many health and fitness
features built in -- appears to be health oriented.

The new Apple Watches come in two sizes and three basic models: stainless steel,
an aluminum-cased sport model and a high-end 18-karat gold version, all with a
selection of interchangeable bands.

The watches, which require the use of an iPhone, support apps that include
Chinese messaging app QQ messenger and micro-blogging app Sina Weibo.

The invitation-only event was held in the Flint Center for the Performing Arts
in Cupertino, a throwback to the venue where Apple first launched the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago and the same stage where the iMac was launched.

"It is great to be back to the Flint Center, down the road from the Apple home
center," said Cook. "We had some of the most important apple products on this
stage"

In lieu of the normal announcements of updates happening in the Mac World, Cook
moved directly into the meat of the conference, talking about the iPhone.

"Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," he
said. "I couldn't be more excited and more proud to show it to you now."

Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to introduce the new smartphones -- the 4.7-inch screen iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Both sport a myriad of technology upgrades, from faster WiFi to faster LTE
cellular connections. Both phones will launch with the new iOS 8 operating
system. (Software updates will go out to older iPhones (the 4S and later) on
September 17.)

The new phones come with what Apple calls Retina HD, an upgrade to their current
Retina display technology, the 6 supports up to 1 million pixels and the 6-plus
up to 2 million pixels.

The new phones are also thinner. On the new 6 Plus, apps can be used in
Horizontal views.

Previously, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs made comments about bigger-sized
phones having issues in terms of use, as in being difficult to use with one
hand. Apple's move to bigger displays is seen as emulating what Android makers
such as Samsung and HTC have already done.

Beyond the displays, Apple has put out a new 64-bit chip, the A8, the second
generation, which promises to be 25 percent faster in CPU use and 50 percent
better in graphics processing. This new processing power is supposedly better in
terms of power use. The new iPhones will have better battery life than the
iPhone 5S, the company says.

To show off the power of the new phone, Apple brought Super Evil Megacorp
co-founder and chief creative officer Stephan Sherman on to the stage to show
off their new Massive Online Battle Arena game VainGlory.

The new iPhone will make standard calls from Wifi to Cellular. Schiller said the
technology allowed users to talk on Wifi and then transition seamlessly into
cellular voice.

The upgrade to the iPhones' camera isn't much on paper, but Apple claims the new
iPhone 6's have censors comparable to popular DSLR cameras. As for video, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will take 1080p video at 60 frames per-second and slo-mo
videos at 240 fps. Apple has also included time-lapse functions.

Along with the new iPhones, Apple is pushing a new Apple Pay mobile payment
system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised, it's no wonder that
people have dreamed of replacing these for years, but they've all failed," said
Tim Cook. "We love this kind of problem, this is exactly what Apple does best,
and so we created an entirely new payment process and we call it Apple Pay."

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of internet software and services,
talked about the security of Apple Pay. Credit and debit cards uploaded to the
iPhone are iPhone only. Credit card information isn't stored on the device.

"We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Cue.

Apple Pay comes with every iPhone 6 and 6plus and will start in the US with
American Express, MasterCard and Visa.

Daniel Matte, an analyst with Canalys, said that Apple's announcement delivered
what Apple needed to deliver and the Apple Watch stole the show.

"On the iPhone side, they delivered what they needed to," said Matte. "I think
they're in a very competitive position, putting out two bigger sizes like what
the market has been demanding."

Matte says that the 5.5-inch screen model will work well and appeal to a lot of
people. His only concern is the supply. Matte says that despite China not being
listed as one of the first countries for roll out, it still may be faster than
previous iPhone launches. Matte says that Apple is focused on the China market.

In regards to the Apple Watch, Matte pointed out that this was the first major
non-Steve Jobs product.

"I think the take away is that this is a new area of software, a new direction,
a new user interface, a post Steve Jobs product," said Matte. "It'll take a lot
of time to evaluate the software to see if it's something consumers will take
to, but I do think that the price point and the cool factor -- such as the
software and the different functionalities -- will appeal to a lot of customers
and sales will be quite strong."

Apple's demo of the Apple Watch showed a few Chinese made applications. Matte
says that this, plus Apple's push into China, shows that Apple is committed to
the Chinese market.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 plus will go on sale in the US and Hong Kong among other
countries for 199 for the 16gb with a 2 year contract and 299 for the 64gb. The
6 Plus will start at 299 with a two-year contract on September 19. Both come in
silver, gold and black.

The Apple Watch will go on sale in early 2015 starting at $349.

ericjou@chinadaily.com.cn

SIDEBAR

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

Hands-on

Apple's latest entries in the iPhone series are two different screen sized
phones. As when Apple upped the screen sizes with the iPhone 5, the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus take screen sizes to higher level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum blocks.
In lieu of the blockier older look, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin, much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light, light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices feels like it detracts from the premium feel that Apple
has cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones come with the new "Retina HD" screens, however the 6 Plus benefits
from having a larger screen size. Both screens produce clear crisp images.
Visiting ESPN with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily wasn't able to test the
Facetime burst function and the Time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Hands-on Impression

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two different screen sizes and technically three different
models (all together 6), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It's not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course looks are in the eye of the beholder,
considering other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches.
Apple's device is "rectangular".

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the device
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo being played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full hands-on test drive with the
software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

Ericjou@Chinadaily.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday
                               Australian Edition

Apple goes on the defensive over claims of bendy iPhones

BYLINE: Daisuke Wakabayashi

SECTION: WSJ; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 602  words


Apple defended against reports that its largest iPhone bends easily in people's
pockets, saying warping is "extremely rare" through normal use.

Since going on sale last week, Apple said only nine customers had contacted the
company about a bent iPhone 6 Plus - the larger and more expensive of its two
new iPhones.

Apple said both the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus had passed a series of tests meant to
check the products' strength and durability through everyday use.

The technology company said the new iPhones were made from a custom grade of
anodised aluminium, tempered for extra strength.

Apple said the phones also featured stainless steel and titanium inserts to
reinforce points of high stress.

The company said it was addressing reports that the new iPhone 6 Plus was
bending when people sat with the phone in their pockets. Videos of people
bending the jumbo-sized iPhone with their hands quickly made the rounds on
social media.

The company's response differs from the apology it provided on Wednesday US time
after withdrawing a software update because of complaints from users that the
new version of its operating system was disrupting cellular connectivity and
disabling the TouchID fingerprint reader.

Apple apologised for causing a "great inconvenience" to users. On Thursday, it
released a new update of its iOS 8 software designed to fix those issues and a
variety of other problems.

The company said its latest update also corrected a bug that affected apps
working with Apple's HealthKit repository for health and fitness data, a
much-anticipated new feature of its operating system.

Apple noted that less than 40,000 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus devices were
affected by the faulty software during the one hour that the company had
released the update.

In the past, Apple has sometimes remained defiant against customer complaints
about a new product.

Most famously in 2010 when it introduced the iPhone 4, then-CEO Steve Jobs
struck back at complaints that the phone had a flawed antenna design, causing
connection problems. He said the complaints were blown out of proportion and
mocked the media frenzy as "antennagate". For the past two days, "#bendgate" has
been a trending topic on Twitter.

Apple pointed to five different tests that new iPhones go through in the
development process, including what is known as "pressure point cycling test"
when it applies substantial force on the display and enclosure hundreds of times
while the phone is held by the sides. Apple said this ensured the iPhones can be
bent and pressed at reasonable force throughout their life.

Another process is called the "sit test", which simulates sitting on a hard
surface with the phone in the back pocket of a pair of tight jeans. Apple said
it runs the phones through thousands of cycles testing the phone in different
positions.

The iPhone 6 Plus with its 5.5-inch display is the largest iPhone that Apple has
ever produced. Despite the larger surface area, the iPhone 6 Plus is only 7.1
millimetres thick, compared with 7.6 millimetres for the iPhone 5S and 8.97
millimetres for the plastic-encased iPhone 5C.

The company said it had sold more than 10 million of its latest iPhones in its
first weekend of availability amid supply shortages and demand for scalped
iPhones in Asia. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus set a record for first weekend sales,
eclipsing last year's mark of nine million units when the iPhone 5S and 5C went
on sale.The frenzy around iPhones is nothing new for Apple, but the company
prepared more than usual this year after it increased screen sizes to satisfy
consumers who have sought bigger-screen iPhones for years.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Ooredoo to offer Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in Oman

BYLINE: Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 234 words


Muscat: Ooredoo on Wednesday announced it will offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, the biggest advancements in iPhone history, beginning on November 13, a
statement from Ooredoo said.



Customers can pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from Friday November 7 at
www.ooredoo.om/iphone6.

Even as iPhone's 6 series models are not sold by Apple's authorized stores in
Oman, it is available in other local shops who have purchased it from United
Arab Emirates and other countries.

In local stores, the iPhone 6 16GB will cost OMR325, 64GB will cost OMR410 and
128GB will cost OMR430.

Meanwhile, iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will cost OMR350 and 64GB will cost OMR440.

In September, Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from eager
customers hoping to pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models during its launch.

The company had announced it would make pre-orders, but in minutes it had begun
displaying "We'll be back" messages in several languages.

Twitter users reported problems with sites around the world before services
appeared to have been restored after 30 minutes.

According to Apple's official website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be at $299 with a two-year contract.


Omani Qatari Telecommunications Company SAOG ("Ooredoo") was founded and
registered in the Sultanate of Oman in December 2004. Muscat Press and
Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 17, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 Plus Vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 423  words


Confused about which one to go for? Here we have a brief comparison between the
two to help you out.

Wednesday, September 17, 2014: The most awaited iPhone 6 Plus is a large display
phone as against any of the older Apple phones. It boasts of a 13.97-cm
(5.5-inch) screen and is expected to give a tough competition to Samsung, Sony
and HTC.

As always Apple and Samsung had gone neck to neck to cater their customer needs.
If we go further with the detailed comparison of two smartphone giant's latest
editions, we will have lot to discuss about.

Here's the list of few odd features:

Display

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has 14.48-cm (5.7-inch) display, which at times gets tough
to be used by one hand. Whereas, iPhone 6 Plus offers a sleek and compact look
and the large display certainly add on to its attractive looks.

Resolution

The Galaxy Note 4 is with a QHD display, which makes the display produce more
than 500 pixels per inch. On the other hand, Apple is yet to deliver the best
pixel rating. iPhone 6 Plus as it is comes with only a 720p full HD display.

One-Handed Usage

iPhone 6 Plus is although not easy to use with one hand but knowing that Apple
has evolved its own unique way to overcome the flaw. By simple double tapping on
the home button would allow the top end of the screen to pop up.

Going on the same line, Galaxy Note 4 with 14.48-cm (5.7-inch)is almost
impossible to be operated by one-hand.

Battery life

The new iOS is used in iPhone 6, which is more powerful and efficient processor.
It will allow the phone to last more than a day. However, the company says that
the battery life of the iPhone 6 Plus is in a speculative phase. On the other
hand, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is taking a lead with its 3,220mAh battery and Ultra
Power Saving Mode that is reportedly stretching 10 per cent more energy to the
device's promised 24-hour battery life.

Outer Display

In terms of build, Samsung is sticking to its faux leather plastic material
while Apple is keeping its premium build quality by covering its iPhone 6 Plus
with solid aluminium.

Technology

If we talk about the camera-technology, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has set off iPhone
6 Plus with its 16MP rear facing camera and 3.7MP front shooter. On contrary,
Apple iPhone 6 Plus comes with 8MP shooter with Dual LED flash and 1.2-megapixel
front camera.

Operating Systems

Apple iPhone 6 Plus will run on iOS 8, which is the latest software update for
Apple's stellar software. Meanwhile Note 4 will run on 4.4 KitKat out of the box
since it will be out in the market ahead of Android L launch.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Etisalat To Launch iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus On September 26 In UAE

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 488  words


The new devices were described by Apple CEO Tim Cook as the company's "best
phones ever made."

UAE telecom provider Etisalat has announced that it will offer Apple's newly
launched devices, the iPhone 6 and the larger iPhone 6 Plus, in just over two
weeks.

The new devices, launched at a star-studded event on September 9, were described
by Apple CEO Tim Cook as the company's "best phones ever made."

The company also unveiled a new Apple Watch, starting at $349, which can receive
phone calls and messages and includes the company's new digital wallet system.

In a short message on Twitter, Etisalat revealed that the iPhone 6 and the
iPhone 6 Plus would be available on September 26. No details were given about
the pricing of the phones or the new Watch.

On the official Apple website, the phones are available to order from September
27 in the UAE, with the iPhone 6 starting from Dhs2,599 for a 16GB device,
Dhs2,999 for 64GB and Dhs3,399 for a 128GB device. The iPhone 6 Plus is priced
Dhs2,999 (16GB), Dhs3,399 (64GB) and Dhs3,799 (128GB) 16GB.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus are slimmer than their
predecessors and include features such as an A8 chip, Touch ID, faster LTE
wireless, a new 8MP iSight camera with Focus Pixels, and iOS 8 featuring
HealthKit and HomeKit.

The larger iPhone 6 Plus also includes a full HD display and comes with optical
image stabilisation, a first for Apple.

The devices will also feature a new mobile wallet system, called Apple Pay,
which will allow users to pay for products using Touch ID instead of debit or
credit cards. The new feature will roll out in October, the company confirmed.

Meanwhile, the Apple Watch, which must be paired with an iPhone, will be
available in three collections, including a sport edition and a luxury gold
edition. Prices will start from $349, when it debuts next year in the US.

The new iPhones and the Apple Watch should perform well in the UAE, retailers
believe.

"The [watch] should do well in the UAE as the fashion elements have been taken
of care of nicely," said Ashish Panjabi, COO of Jacky's Group. "Functionality,
we'll need to see once we use it."

Apple has been traditionally slow to launch its new iPhones in the UAE, with the
typical lag time anywhere between four months to a year. This has fuelled sales
on the grey market, where prices are much higher.

However, the iPhone 5S made its official UAE debut 40 days after the US launch
and local retailers hope to get the new phones faster this time around too.

"The release of an iPhone always creates great expectations as consumers look
forward to the new arrival to set new smartphone standards," said Neelesh
Bhatnagar, CEO of Emax.

"We have already had several inquiries about the availability of the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus. They are slated to hit the UAE market on September 27, 2014 and Emax
will be among the first stores to display the new devices," he said.

Source:Gulfbusiness.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2014 World of Media JLT
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Here's why Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus may win the race with premium
smartphones

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 543 words


NEW DELHI: Apple's new devices - iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - are expected to
corner a chunk of the premium market when they are introduced in India on the
back of pent up aspirational demand.

The Cupertino-based company's new gadgets could beat back competition from
upcoming launches by leading brands such as Samsung, Sony and BlackBerry in this
low-volume, high-value category of smartphones, say analysts.

The brand's iconic status - besides features such as a larger, crisper screen,
faster processor, better camera and onboard storage of as much as 128 GB - will
continue to draw consumers, analysts add.

"Success of upcoming flagship devices such as iPhone 6 series, BlackBerry and
Xperia Z3 will be quite polarised towards iPhones as the rich urban consumer
will look to get her hands on the most aspirational brand in the market right
now, which is Apple," said Tarun Pathak, a senior research analyst at Hong
Kong-based Counterpoint Research.

Of the two, the iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display could fare better, given
the demand for handsets with larger screen sizes, analysts said.

While there is uncertainty over whether Apple will start selling the new iPhones
in India before or after Diwali, Samsung is set to launch its Note 4 phablet
before the festival of lights. Although the India prices for the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus have not been officially disclosed, they are available in Delhi's
grey market for between Rs 1,00,000 and Rs 2,00,000, three to four times the
expected price, and an indication of the huge interest in the products.

The unlocked, 128 GB iPhone 6 Plus costs $949 (about Rs 58,600) in the US,
according to Apple's website.

However, launch delays and supply issues given the huge global demand and
"exorbitant pricing" could affect demand for the new iPhones for at least the
next two or three months, Pathak cautioned, indicating that if Apple missed the
upcoming festival season, competitors such as Samsung and Sony could steal a
march over it in the near term. Apple sold over 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus models in the three days after the launch on September 19.

Sony started sales of flagship products Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last
week at Rs 51,990 and Rs 44,990, respectively, while Black-Berry launched its
Passport smartphone on Monday for Rs 49,990. Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA
smartphone for Rs 39,990 last week.

The new and upcoming launches, which showcase technological advancements and
innovations, could provide a fillip to growth in the premium segment of
smartphones, which start at Rs 35,000. Sony has improved its display, hardware
and design over the Z2, while Samsung brought a steel-bodied phone for the first
time in the Galaxy Alpha. BlackBerry's Passport offers a unique square display,
which allows greater reading space, apart from an innovative touch-enabled
keyboard that combines a physical keypad with virtual keypad functions.

According to Counterpoint Research, the market share of smartphones above Rs
35,000 was limited to 2.5% in the first quarter till March and fell to 2.3% by
June. The decline was mainly blamed on the lack of innovation, which wasn't
appealing enough for consumers to replace their already expensive handsets.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Keep taking the tablets... the iPhone 6 is nearly as big as one

LENGTH: 340  words


The iPhone, one of the most recognisable smartphones on the market, has been
redefined by Apple, with the technology giant resizing the device, with the
iPhone 6 Plus becoming the first iPhone to have a screen over five inches in
size - just two inches smaller than the iPad Mini tablet.

Size is the biggest change here, emphasised by the Apple slogan for the new
devices "bigger than bigger." The current iPhone, the 5, has a four-inch screen,
whereas the 6 and 6 Plus measure in at 4.7 and 5.5-inches respectively.

At the Flint Centre in Cupertino, Apple's CEO Tim Cook called the smartphone
makeover "the biggest advancement in the history of the iPhone".

The screen is made of ion strengthened glass, and both devices are thinner than
the current generation iPhone 5s. On the iPhone 6, Apple's stats show that
battery life is similar to that on the 5s, but is much improved on the 6 Plus,
with the amount of hours of audio playback doubled being one example shown.

Apple has also continued its tradition of updating its main processor - this
time to the A8, as well as the M8 coprocessor, which focuses on movement
tracking. Apple says this has been tweaked so that it now recognises elevation,
and can therefore monitor you more accurately as you climb. Whether it be
mountains or stairs.

The A8 now processes at speeds 50 times that of the original iPhone, giving
users an idea of just how far things have come.

Battery life will also improve in the iPhone 6 Plus, with some usage now
draining the battery half as quickly as the current generation iPhone 5s say the
tech giant. Owners of the 6 Plus will also be able to use some apps in landscape
orientation - identically to how it works on an iPad - for the first time on
iPhone.

The camera in both of the new phones has also been upgraded, with a new 8
megapixel rear-facing camera, and new technology called Focus Pixels that ensure
quicker than ever focus when taking pictures.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

It's the inside that shines in new iPhones;
Machine Learning

BYLINE: MOLLY WOOD

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1136 words

ABSTRACT

The best part of the new phones is actually the new software, which is available
for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday.

FULL TEXT

Bigger. Bigger. Bigger.

The new Apple iPhones going on sale this week, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus, have crisper screens, faster processors and sharper cameras.

And, as you might have heard, they are also bigger than previous iPhones - the 6
Plus by a long shot - joining the stampede toward bigger handsets.

But after almost a week of trying the phones, it became clear that the hardware
was not the best part of the package. In its quest to deliver bigger phones to a
market clamoring for them, Apple has made one phone that is actually a little
too small and one that's a little too big. (Apple lent The New York Times an
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus under the condition that a review would not be
published before Tuesday at 9 p.m. in New York.)

The best part of the new phones is actually the new software, which is available
for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday. The software, iOS 8, combines
some of the advanced features of Android with Apple's ease of use and
reliability. Because of the software, it's hard to see many iPhone fans straying
from Apple, even if they don't buy new iPhones immediately.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch device, up from four inches on the iPhone 5 and 5S.
It's a little wider than those phones, too.

Those dimensions make it slightly smaller than the top Android and Windows
devices on the market, helping it fit easily in jeans pockets. Compared with a
Samsung Galaxy S5 or the HTC One (M8), though, the iPhone 6 screen feels
constrained.

The iPhone 6 Plus is a behemoth. It has the same size display as the LG G3, at
5.5 inches, but is significantly taller. It's longer even than the Galaxy Note
3, which has a 5.7-inch display.

Both the 6 and 6 Plus get thinner, flatter and more rounded shapes than their
predecessors, losing the squared-off sides on the more recent models. The effect
looks sleek, but feels slippery. Dropping seems imminent as you stretch your
thumb across the larger screens.

Apple takes some small steps to mitigate the finger stretch with a feature
called Reachability, which lets you touch (not press) the home button twice to
shift the screen down to the bottom half of the display.

The feature works nicely for one-handed scrolling and finding app icons, but it
doesn't do much else. If you're in an email, for example, you can't get access
to any actions like Reply or Archive.

Apple could have taken a cue from other makers of so-called phablets (a blend of
''phone'' and ''tablet'') and come up with powerful ways to take advantage of
those bigger screens.

For example, the forthcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will let users resize app
windows using a finger or stylus and view multiple windows simultaneously on its
5.7-inch display, as on a desktop computer. The 5.5-inch LG G3 lets you open two
apps at once and resize them as you like.

The iPhones do include some tricks created for bigger phones, like a zoom
feature that lets you subtly increase the size of app icons and text in native
apps. And when you turn the phones sideways, into landscape mode, the keyboard
in the built-in apps like Mail and Messages has more options - including
microphone, undo, period, comma and others on the iPhone 6, and even more on the
iPhone 6 Plus, like dedicated copy and paste keys.

Those extra iPhone 6 Plus keys disappear if you choose the zoomed display,
however. And the iPhone 6 Plus is so big that in landscape mode, I had a hard
time reaching the keys to type.

Even the built-in Apple keyboard doesn't get any extra keys when holding the
phone upright, the way the Samsung and LG keyboards include number keys above
the letters, and period and comma keys.

As for the features that people love about their iPhones, they only get better.
The iPhone 6 cameras, for example, are outstanding. Both rear-facing cameras
have new sensors that deliver faster autofocus, better face detection and the
ability to capture high-resolution panoramas. The faster focus is immediately
obvious, even in casual use.

The iPhone 6 Plus in particular uses optical image stabilization to deliver
better photos in low light and reduce overall shake and blur. Sadly, that nice
feature is not on the iPhone 6.

And filmmakers are swooning over the phones' high-definition video, faster frame
rates (which lead to smoother video) and higher-quality slow-motion capture.
Cinematic video stabilization helps smooth out video taken while moving, and a
time lapse mode snaps a shot every second or so and stitches them together. Of
course, all the videos and photos look great on the bigger screens, especially
the iPhone 6 Plus. For camera buffs, that bigger phone is likely to be a
must-have.

Call quality on the new phones is excellent and I found battery life on the
smaller iPhone 6 to be impressive. I went almost two full days without a charge.
Battery life on the iPhone 6 Plus is more like a day of constant use and not
much more, but that's not terrible on a phone that size.

The real magic, though, happens because of Apple's new operating system.

The iOS 8 software doesn't look greatly different, but many refinements make it
more powerful and flexible. Some of the features catch up to competitors and
some are totally new.

The upgrade adds iCloud Drive, for example, which lets you more easily share
documents across devices, as you can with Dropbox or Google Drive. A Family
Sharing feature will let you share your purchased books, movies, music and some
apps with up to six family members, so they don't have to log in to your account
to watch a movie or use an app you have purchased.

After OS X Yosemite, the new operating system for Macs, is released in October,
Apple's Continuity feature will let you view incoming text messages across all
devices, hand off documents between a phone and computer and send a text or make
a call from your Mac.

Smaller improvements - expiring messages and voice memos, Spotlight searches
that include web results, and recently used contacts that show up when you
double-press the home button to switch between or close apps - add up to a
refined mobile OS.

Some of the features aren't perfect, and many of the sexier features are still
down the road. Right now, for example, the Health app simply doesn't do much.

The new operating system comes on the new phones and can be installed this week
on the iPhone 5S, 5 and 4S. People who have those phones and whose two-year
cellphone contracts have not yet expired can rest easy. They will get many of
the best features of this year's upgrade cycle.

The slim new iPhones aren't a big-screen slam-dunk, but they work well, as we
have come to expect from Apple. Ultimately, it's what's on the inside that keeps
them just in front of their rivals.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

Gadget review: iPhone 6 / iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 587  words


TIMELY updates for the classic Apple phone which will once again reshape the
smartphone market

Gadget review - iPhone 6 / iPhone 6 Plus

Price: from £539

WITH not one, but two new iPhones, Apple has laid to rest fears that the
untimely death of Steve Jobs robbed it of its innovative pedigree. Both the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are among the best smartphones available and sure
to cheer the Californian firm's loyal customer base. Crucially, and perhaps more
importantly, they also demonstrate how the company is continuing to rewrite the
rulebook when it comes to user friendly consumer technology.

The most drastic overhaul to the traditional iPhone template is the most
obvious: size. Both the standard and Plus models offer significantly larger
screens, with the former boasting a 4.7 inch screen and the latter a 5.5 inch
viewing area. In comparison, the humble four inches offered by previous
iterations of the handset feels restrictive, particularly when you want to watch
television programmes or films on the move without carrying around a tablet.

Increased screen sizes greatly improve visual-led tasks

It is a timely and necessary update. A succession of Android handset
manufacturers have won plaudits for large screen sizes, giving rise to the
so-called phablet option. The Cupertino firm's reluctance to introduce a
competing device was borne from concerns over the increased real estate would
come at the expense of quality. With the 6 and 6 Plus, however, it is clear
those hurdles have been navigated with style, making them a compelling choice
for visual-led tasks such as image editing.

The additional screen size is a boon for the best improvement to the iPhone -
the quality of its photographs and video. Images sing with rich colour and high
contrast, but it is the latter that truly excels thanks to new optical image
stabilisation technology. Even while jogging or cycling, it is simple to
maintain a smooth, tracking shot using the 6 Plus, with the autofocus doing all
the hard work to keep pace with the action. It is one of the most impressive
additions and a leap forward for the iPhone's capabilities as a film camera.

Some cosmetic changes borrow from the iPad Air school of design

These improvements, impressively, come without the main chassis of the
smartphones feeling bulky. Both handsets feel light and comfortable, with the 6
Plus deceptively thin at just 7.1mm. More generally, Apple have taken aesthetic
inspiration from their own iPad Air and the new iPhones benefit from the
gentler, rounded design philosophy that has edges melt away into curves rather
than right angles. On both the 6 and 6 Plus models, there has been some cosmetic
changes, with the power button now located to the right hand side as opposed to
the top. On the Plus, it is an understandable transition given the limits of the
average handspan, but it feels like a less obvious change on the smaller
handset.

The battery life on both versions is significantly more generous than the iPhone
5S, each standing up to a full day of intensive use, spanning social media apps,
web browsing, YouTube and games. The onus now is on app developers to optimise
their software for the new handsets. At present, too many are crudely scaled up
and fail to take advantage of the enlarged screen space, but if the precedent of
the iPad is anything to go by, they will come good in time. These are
smartphones with transformative technology and peerless design and their
potential to reshape the smartphone market is immense.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple iPhone hits market for six

BYLINE: Davin O'Dwyer

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 700 words


After a record-breaking opening weekend of sales for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus,
which saw customers queue up around the world to purchase 10 million of the
larger-screened smartphones, it's clear Apple has a major hit on its hands.

Tomorrow the iPhones 6 is released in more than 20 new countries, including
Ireland. In a pre-release briefing with Apple executives, they suggested the
hype over this year's release is similar to the excitement over the launch of
the original iPhone in 2007, and with lines stretching up to 20 blocks in
Manhattan, not to mention fevered TV coverage of the phone's release, they have
a point.

This year's sales figures beat the opening weekend sales of the iPhone 5S and 5C
last year, when nine million units were sold, and far ahead of the five million
iPhone 5 units sold in 2012.

Screen size

The most obvious change is the screen size, with the iPhone 6 growing
significantly to 12cm (4.7 inches), much bigger than the iPhone 5S screen's 10cm
(four inches) screen. The iPhone 6 Plus sees Apple make its debut in the
so-called "phablet" space pioneered by Samsung with its Note series.

It looks just like the iPhone 6, but at 14cm (5.5 inches), in the hand it almost
feels like an entirely new category of iOS device. Indeed, the footprint of the
entire iPhone 5S is smaller than just the screen of the iPhone 6 Plus. It's
quite the monster, though smaller than the latest Samsung Note 4.

The screens are marvels of engineering, with a crisp 1,334 x 750 pixel
resolution providing 38 per cent more viewing area than iPhone 5s, while the
1920 x 1080 resolution provides 88 per cent more viewing area with nearly three
times as many pixels as the 5S.

Bending Both the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are a shade thinner than the 5S, 6.9mm and
7.1mm compared with

7.6mm. That skinny frame has come at an apparent cost, however, with reports
from some early buyers suggesting the 6 Plus can be prone to bending under
significant or sustained pressure.

Apple has long touted the thumb-span width of the iPhone as a major feature, but
with these new models that attribute has been sacrificed.

To compensate, Apple has developed a one-handed operation mode called
"reachability", prompted by a double tap of the home button, which sees the
screen drop towards the bottom half to bring important functions within thumb's
reach. It's definitely clever, but at the same time feels like an elegant hack
rather than an obvious improvement in usability.

To further aid one-handed operation, the sleep/wake button has been moved from
the top of the device to the side - it will take a while to get used to that
alteration.

Curved design The biggest design change is a curved edge instead of the sharp
right-angled edges from the iPhone 5S, a design that has defined the iPhone's
form factor since the iPhone 4.

In that sense this revised design has been a long time coming and dramatically
changes the feel of the device in your hand - more like an ocean- smoothed
pebble than a minimalist piece of engineering.

Its curviness harkens back to the rounded edges of the original iPhone, which
looks like a dinky old family heirloom in comparison to the new designs. At the
time of its release, however, the original iPhone appeared as big and unwieldy
compared to its small- screened competition of Nokias and Motorola Razrs as the
iPhone 6 Plus does to the iPhone 5S.

Camera The iPhone 6 Plus features optical image stabilisation, in which the lens
moves to counteract for camera shake, which makes for significantly less blur
and much improved low- light performance.

The slightly raised camera lens on the back of the device is a very
un-Apple-like compromise to accommodate the necessary distance between lens and
sensor, but really isn't so significant as to ruin the impressively svelte body.

Given that Apple's lead in industrial design had been whittled away by rival
handsets on Google's Android platform, such as the HTC One M8, Samsung Galaxy
S5, LG G3 and Sony Xperia Z3, a hands-on preview is enough to suggest these two
new iPhones have seen Apple retake the initiative, though only a comprehensive
review can determine if they live up to the engineering excellence in day-to-day
usage.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Apple's new iPhone 6 goes on sale

LENGTH: 393  words


Local resident Andreas Gibson celebrates with employees outside the Fifth Avenue
Apple store after being the first to exit with an iPhone 6 in hand on the first
day of sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014. Apple Inc's latest phone
lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early adapters to its stores
in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the world in the latest sign
of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation of iPhones.
[Photo/Agencies]

A woman (L) walks past as customers wait in line to buy the newly released
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, on the first day of sales outside the Apple store at
Grand Central Terminal in New York September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

An employee counts money while selling new iPhone 6 phones at the Fifth Avenue
Apple store on the first day of sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014.
Apple Inc's latest phone lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early
adapters to its stores in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the
world in the latest sign of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation
of iPhones. [Photo/Agencies]

A customer celebrates with employees as she enters the Fifth Avenue Apple store
on the first day of iPhone 6 sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014.
Apple Inc's latest phone lured throngs of gadget lovers, entrepreneurs and early
adapters to its stores in New York, San Francisco and other cities around the
world in the latest sign of strong initial demand for the new, larger generation
of iPhones. [Photo/Agencies]

Michele Mattana of Sardinia, Italy, poses with an iPhone 6 Plus and an iPhone 6
on the first day of sales at the Fifth Avenue store in Manhattan, New York
September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

People queue to buy iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus outside the Apple store on the
Fifth Avenue in New York, the United States, Sept 19, 2014, the first day of
sales of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. [Photo/Xinhua]

People line up to purchase the new iPhone 6 smartphones in front of an Apple
store in Los Angeles, California, the United States, on Sept 19, 2014. Apple's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale on Friday in the country. [Photo/Xinhua]

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

New iPhones run into software, bending complaints

LENGTH: 523  words


Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after users complained
that a new software update blocked their calls.

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus at the Apple store on Fifth
Avenue after the phones went on sale in New York in this file photo taken Sept
19, 2014.[Photo/Agencies]

SAN FRANCISCO - Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after
users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely
circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to
bending.

Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8
operating system for iPhones and iPads.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

iPhone 6 still lacks license for mainland
Apple to unveil new iPads, operating system on Oct 21: report By midday
Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue
advice to users "as quickly as we can." Users are still able to the upgrade
older phones to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been
downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It's not uncommon for new software to
contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing Wednesday with reports that the
aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users
claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a
pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and
thinner than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two staffers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones: One staffer, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the
video, while the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to
still function normally.

Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," said Shay, "but it
seems like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added, "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the reports of bending.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

World Patent Marketing Gets Ready for the iPhone 6 Launch

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: New York


New York County Lawyers' Association has issued the following news release:

World Patent Marketing assists inventors with their mobile application ideas
through intellectual property protection and mobile application development.

World Patent Marketing offers patent assistance services as well as superior and
interactive mobile app development for iPhones, iPads and Android devices and
whatever comes next!

The Apple iPhone 6 goes on sale September 19, 2014.   Friday's launch of the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will kick off in US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK. Twenty more
countries will be added Sept. 26.

The biggest difference between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus is screen size.
The iPhone 6 Plus's larger display  can prove helpful for folks with vision
problems.  Both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are getting all-new iSight
cameras with 8-megapixel sensors, improved autofocus, and larger pixels.

According to Bill Flanagan, VP of Public Relations, "We have seen an
overwhelming increase in mobile app development patent applications this year.
We expect this trend to continue with the release of the new Apple iPhone 6."

About World Patent Marketing:  World Patent Marketing is the world's leading
patent authority. The company's people, approach, knowledge and global
relationships with key players in the invention industry add value to everything
they do.  World Patent Marketing employs and contracts with over 350 people
across four continents. They have received accredited business status and an A
Rating from the Better Business Bureau.  WorldPatentMarketing.com has been
awarded a five star review rating from Google.  It is also a member of the US
Chamber of Commerce, the Association for Manufacturing Excellence and the
International Licensing Industry Merchandiser's Association.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Etisalat to offer new iPhones in the UAE from today

LENGTH: 282 words


Etisalat announced that it will offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the
biggest advancements in iPhone history, in the UAE starting today.

Both 16GB models of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at
Dh0 upfront. Etisalat will allow iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers to connect
to the UAE's widest LTE network.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,
featuring two new models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays, and
packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically thin and seamless
design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Both models are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed A8 chip with
second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast performance
and power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; and ultrafast
wireless technologies.

The new iPhones include iOS 8, the biggest release since the App Store,
featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive user experience with new Messages
and Photos features, predictive typing for Apple's QuickType keyboard and Family
Sharing. iOS 8 also includes the new Health app, giving you a clear overview of
your health and fitness data and iCloud Drive, so you can store files and access
them from anywhere.

"We know that our customers in the UAE can't wait to get their hands on iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, which set the standard for innovation and style," said Khaled
El Khouly, chief marketing officer at etisalat.

"At etisalat, we are equally excited to offer our customers smartphone plans
designed to give them the ultimate experience on iPhone and at a great value."

-- business@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple Unveils the New iPhone 6 and 6 Plus With Bigger Screens

BYLINE: Bryan Bishop

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 480  words


After months of speculation and leaks, Apple has unveiled its latest flagship
smartphones: the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The announcement came during a live event
at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino.

The 6 features a 4.7-inch display, while the 6 Plus is equipped with a 5.5-inch
screen. Both feature an anodized aluminum back, and what Apple is calling
"Retina HD" displays - a step forward from the Retina branding used in the
current iPhone 5s and 5c. However, despite the increase in size the phones are
actually thinner then the current models; during the company's presentation this
morning, Apple's Phil Schiller noted that the iPhone 6 is 6.8mm thin, with the 6
Plus coming in at 7.1mm. The company's current flagship 5s, already a thin phone
in its own right, measures 7.6mm in thickness.

The bigger size also translates into longer battery life. Apple is claiming that
the iPhone 6 boasts 10 hours of standby time (the same as the iPhone 5s), with
the iPhone 6 Plus coming in at 16 hours. For audio playback, the company is
claiming 50 hours of battery life for the 6, and a whopping 80 hours for the 6
Plus (the iPhone 5s is rated at 40 hours of batter life for audio playback.) The
6 Plus also gets a bump when it comes to the camera; it will feature optical
image stabilization to provide cleaner, clearer photos. Both of the new phones
shoot 1080p video at either 30 or 60 frames per second, along with Apple's own
slow-motion mode.

Both phones will also feature Apple's new mobile payment system called Apple
Pay, which will let owners pay for goods and services with a tap of their phone.

The new iPhones will come in three colors - gold, silver, and what Apple calls
"space grey", with the basic model coming in at $199 on-contract for 16GB of
storage. The $299 model will come with four times the storage - 64GB - while the
$399 model will include 128GB of storage for music and media. The 6 Plus starts
at $299 for 16GB, with $399 and $499 models coming in at the same storage specs
as the 6. Both phones will be available on Sept. 19, with pre-orders starting
this Friday, Sept. 12.

Rumors have indicated that Apple would be introducing two larger models of its
phone since earlier this year, with size being the biggest differentiator. Since
the introduction of the original iPhone back in 2007, Apple's devices have
stayed on the smaller end of the smartphone spectrum. The first model had a
3.5-inch screen, and it wasn't until 2012 with the the iPhone 5 that Apple
decided to incorporate a taller, 4-inch screen into the lineup. In the meantime,
however, phones from other smartphone manufacturers have incorporated larger
screens that let users access more content at a single glance. With the
introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple has the opportunity to compete
against those larger devices.

Email: Bryan.Bishop@thr.com Twitter: @bcbishop

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 1:27 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus: faster processors, better cameras, 3D Touch;
Next generation smartphone launched in San Francisco features a
pressure-sensitive screen, 12-megapixel camera and stronger screen and body

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 981 words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the next generation of its
smartphones, with faster processors, longer battery life, improved cameras and
new "3D Touch" gestures.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook took to the stage in San Francisco's Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium to announce the new iPhones, along with a series of updates to
the company's other products including the iPad Pro and Apple TV.

As with all previous iPhone updates, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have faster, more
powerful processors - the Apple A9 replacing the A8 from last year's iPhone 6.

The new A9 processor will have 70% faster performance and 90% faster graphics,
but will also boost battery life in conjunction with Apple's new version of the
iPhone's operating system, iOS 9.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will also support LTE Advanced, a faster version of 4G
currently supported by EE and Vodafone in the UK and rival manufacturers Samsung
and LG. The new iPhones will also Wi-Fi calling that can be used when no mobile
phone signal is available, which currently supported by EE in the UK.

Pressure sensitivity

The standout feature of the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is the new touchscreen
technology called 3D Touch. First introduced with the Apple Watch as Force Touch
and then the Apple MacBook trackpad, the pressure-sensitive touchscreen can
detect various types of tap. From a single traditional tap to heavier presses,
each gesture can produce a different interaction with the smartphone.

"We've fitted brand new glass, the strongest in the industry X-ion. And we've
improved on multitouch with 3D touch, a tremendous breakthrough in interacting
with the smartphone," said Phil Schiller on stage. "It took our unique
combination between our hardware and software developer teams to make it work."

New gestures, peek and pop, allow users to lightly touch to get a preview of
media or other item such as an email - a peek - and press longer and harder to
pop out the content for a full view.

The gestures can also activate an activity menu to jump to particular places
within an app. The pressure-sensitive touches are accompanied by Apple's Taptic
engine, first introduced with the Apple Watch, vibrating with short, tap-like
feedback.

Apple has also improved the Touch ID fingerprint sensor to make it twice as fast
for unlocking the device and authenticating purchases with Apple Pay.

Better camera

Apple has also improved the 8-megapixel camera of the iPhone 6, fitting a new,
more powerful 12-megapixel sensor on the back. The new addition is capable of
shooting 4K video and takes on Samsung and other rivals with their 16-megapixel,
feature-rich cameras. Apple's iMovie app on the iPhone 6S can also edit video in
4K.

The front-facing selfie camera has also been improved with a new 5-megapixel
sensor, Apple's first upgrade to the front camera since the 1.2-megapixel sensor
of 2012's iPhone 5. The phone will use the screen to mimic a camera flash for
front-facing photos.

The new iPhone can also shoot so-called Live Photos, which capture video and
sound along with a photo for 1.5 seconds each side of the capture event, very
similar to HTC's Zoe feature introduced with its One M7 smartphone in 2013.

Following the apparent bending of the iPhone 6 Plus within user pockets, Apple
has used a new stronger aluminium for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus frames. The
"7,000 series aluminium" was first introduced with the Apple Watch Sport and is
60% stronger than standard aluminium alloys, according to Apple.

The stronger aluminium should help prevent the iPhone from bending, but could
also increase the smartphone's scratch resistance.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will also be available in a new rose-gold colour, the
pink gold will be sold in addition to the gold variant, which was first
introduced with the iPhone 5S in 2013, primarily to appeal to the Chinese
market. Apple claimed 9% of the smartphones shipped in China in the second
quarter of 2015 ranking it third in the country, according to data from Strategy
Analytics.

Tick, tock

Apple's traditional release schedule for smartphones has seen a bigger redesign
every two years - the "tick" in the cycle - with improved processors and a few
new features every other year making up the "tock" in the cycle. Intel and
others also use the tick, tock product cycle, traditionally displaying improved
battery life on the tick.

Related: Why is Apple customers' appetite for its products insatiable?

The iPhone 6 was the tick, which means the iPhone 6S is the tock. Whether a few
improved specifications and a few new features, some of which will come to
2014's iPhone 6 through software updates, will be enough to continue to woo
customers remains to be seen.

Apple is locked in battle with its chief rival Samsung, where only around 20% of
users ever switch between the two manufacturers in the UK. Apple's iPhone 6 and
6 Plus, the company's largest smartphones helped to attract more to switch. They
will hope it has done enough with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus to continue that
trend.

Apple secured 18.2% of the global smartphone market with 61.2m sales in the
first quarter of 2015, putting it second behind Samsung with 82.4m smartphones
and 24.5% according to data from IDC. Both companies lead Lenovo by some margin,
which sold 18.8m smartphones securing 5.6% of the market and in third place.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will cost the same as last year's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus,
£539 and up and £619 and up, respectively. Apple is also rolling out a monthly
instalment plan costing $32 a month in the US.

Both will be available to pre-order from 12 September and will start to be
released in the US, UK and Europe on 25 September, with other markets following
later.

· Apple supersizes its tablet with new 12.9in iPad Pro

· Apple TV upgrade brings App Store into living room

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Get in line now for IPhone 6;
Expect sellout crowd on opening weekend

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 372 words


Hoping to get your hands on the new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus when it goes on
sale next week? Better plan to shop early.

This week Apple introduced two new iPhones, a  mobile payment system and a
smartwatch that goes on sale in 2015. The phones go on sale Sept. 19.

Analysts who cover Apple expect the new, larger phones to be sold out completely
by the end of the opening weekend, as Apple scrambles to get more inventory into
stores.

"This will be the biggest iPhone launch since the introduction of the first
iPhone," says Tim Bajarin, an analyst with Creative Strategies. "Revolutionary."

Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray, predicts Apple will sell 92 million
new iPhones by the end of the year. There are currently 300 million iPhones in
use worldwide.

Getting the  phones into consumer hands will be "the biggest frenzy" ever for
Apple, says Richard Doherty, an analyst with the Envisioneering Group. "There
are tens of millions waiting to get these new phones, and Apple has to get all
of them off the assembly line, into consumers' hands. That's really hard to do."

The new iPhones have gotten larger as Apple tries to shore up the gap with
competitors Samsung, Sony and Microsoft, whose most popular phones have larger
screens than Apple.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch LCD screen, up from 4 inches for the current iPhone
5s, while the larger iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch screen.

Of the two phones, Bajarin and other analysts expect the smaller iPhone 6 to be
the larger seller over time, but the Plus to be harder to get on opening
weekend.

Bigger phones are more popular overseas, says Bajarin, so Apple will have more
Plus phones available there, making them harder to come by here.

Additionally, "the novelty of the bigger phone will push people" to the Plus,
says Frank Gillette, an analyst with Forrester Research.

Doherty calls the new Six Plus "the new status symbol," a phone that will be so
hard to get he sees a rental business erupting for it.

"Go to a meeting and look really cool for $50 a day," he says.

The iPhone 6 starts at $199 with 16 GB of storage, or $299 with 64 GB, while the
Plus starts at $299 with 16 GB and $399 with 64 GB. Pre-orders for the phones
begin Friday, and the phones go on sale Sept. 19.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Fans spend hours in line for iPhones

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 562  words


About 100 Apple fans gathered in front of Taikooli Apple Store in downtown
Beijing before the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in China on
Friday morning.

Apple fan Liu Yi shows off his iPhone 6. The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, originally
released in September in the US, were released in China on Friday, Oct 17. Liu
has been one of the first in line for every iPhone launched in China. [Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

About 100 Apple fans gathered in front of Taikooli Apple Store in downtown
Beijing before the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in China on
Friday morning.

Some of them were standing in line after ordering the smartphones online, while
others had traveled all the way from neighboring cities.

"I came all the way from Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, to pick up the phone,"
said Song, who works in sales. "I purchased an iPhone 6 and an iPhone 6 Plus as
gifts for my wife. I got two so she can choose."

The atmosphere in the morning was happy, with eager fans in line receiving
praise and greetings from the employees of the Apple Store.

Chinese media reported that the situation was similar across the tech giant's
stores in China. China News Service reports that there were lines of customers
waiting all night for new iPhones at China Unicom locations in Taiyuan, Shanxi
province. China Unicom even posted images of people waiting in line in various
provinces on its official account on Sina Weibo, a Twitter-like microblog.

Originally released in September, Apple sold more than 10 million units of its
new smartphones within the first weekend. Early news reports from Chinese tech
giant Tencent's media outlet, QQ News, reported that sales could easily reach
past 20 million in China alone.

Recent university graduate surnamed Tong was in front of the Apple Store in
downtown Beijing on Friday. He wasn't in line to purchase a new iPhone, but to
enjoy the atmosphere.

"I'm here to join in the fun," said Tong. "I've been a fan of Apple products for
a long time and I frequently visit the Apple Store."

Friday's launch went smoothly and despite the modest physical turn-out, the
launch is expected be a boost for the US-based technology company.

Wang Jingwen, an analyst with Canalys, said Apple fever in China is as hot as
ever.

"Consumers have learned different ways to purchase Apple products, from ordering
online to ordering from retailers and carriers," said Wang. "I believe that
Apple has also put out information informing consumers on where they can buy
iPhones."

The launch of the iPhone 6 Plus is also Apple's first foray into the 'phablet'
market. 'Phablet' is a term for phones with screen sizes that are nearly as
large as tablet computers.

According to Wang, the 'phablet' market in China is growing and that the devices
are eating into the tablet computing market.

"There really isn't a competitor to the iPhone 6 Plus in the market,"said Wang.
"The 6 Plus at 5.5 inches might turn away consumers from new tablet devices, not
just in China but everywhere.

College student surnamed Zhang visited the Apple Store with her boyfriend. She
said she was impressed with the bigger screen of the iPhone 6S.

"I personally like larger phones. I used to have a Samsung phone," said Zhang.
"I really like it (iPhone 6), I've already decided that I want one."

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China
Peek inside Apple's iPhone 6

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Apple gets 25,000 pre-orders for iPhone 6;
Co to debut marquee models tomorrow in India as retailers entice buyers with
offers of down payment as low as Rs2,000

BYLINE: dna correspondent

LENGTH: 475  words


Co to debut marquee models tomorrow in India as retailers entice buyers with
offers of down payment as low as Rs2,000

New Delhi: 'i'Fans can finally rejoice - the iPhone 6, Apple's bigger, better,
thinner new offering, will hit the shops in India tomorrow - a little more than
a month after it was unveiled at the Apple headquarters in Cupertino, US on
September 9.

Pre-orders, say distributors and retailers, have been unprecedented, numbering
more than 25,000 pieces. Apple, which has stepped up its retail distribution in
India this year, has offered pre-booking of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus through
its network of stores and multi-brand chains such as Reliance Digital and Croma,
and online on Infibeam. Buyers are also being enticed with EMIs as low as Rs
2,000. In China, in contrast, pre-orders reached 1 million in the first six
hours.

This is also the first time that Apple will have midnight sales of its new
launch, a global practice and retailers are pulling out all stops to ensure it
goes off smoothly and everyone who pre-booked an iPhone 6/iPhone 6 Plus gets
their hand on it on day one itself.

At Infibeam, for instance, all the senior managers and even the company CEO have
been drafted to deliver the new phones which have been ordered from tier II
towns like Gorakhpur, Patna and even Hudhud-hit Vishakhapatnam, says Shekhar
Singh, manager corporate communications.

"There is huge anticipation about the new iPhone," says Manish Bhandari, manager
at the Imagine store, a premium Apple retailer, at New Delhi's Select Citywalk
mall.

"Many of our customers have booked the phone with us by paying Rs 10,000 and a
few other stores just to ensure that they get the iPhone 6 on the first day
itself." The store, says Bhandari, is asking the mall management to permit it to
remain open until 2 in the morning.

Globally, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which went on sale on September 19, sold 10
million units within three days - better than the 9 million iPhone 5s/5c phones
the company sold on the first weekend of their launch, says Neil Shah, analyst
at technology market research firm Counterpoint. However, Shah believes that the
iPhone hype is greater among the business and media than with customers where it
remains concentrated in urban pockets.

Interestingly, says Shah, Apple is launching the iPhone 6/6 Plus in September to
ride the Diwali festive season where Indians are more inclined to make big
purchases. The last launch of the iPhone 5 came in December. However, the iPhone
6 and 6 plus come at a higher premium in India than they do in the US.

Compared to the Rs 53,500-Rs 80,500 price range for the iPhone 6/6 Plus in
India, in the US, it is available for much less at between $199 (when bundled
with a carrier) and $949. Apple has sold 1 million iPhones in India in the last
fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 24, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus shows it could bend, but this is about a Design Flaw

LENGTH: 192  words


This time Apple's latest phone the Iphone 6 is showing that it can bend when in
your pocket or when you try forcefully to bend it. But this is nothing to praise
about, because the phone is showing a major device flaw.

"Users of the new Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have discovered a major design flaw
in Apple's new device: it bends by simply being in your pocket" says Rickey.

MacRumours too reports today "a small but growing number of iPhone 6 Plus owners
have reportedly bent their phones after carrying the devices in their pockets
just days after launch."

"Oh thank goodness I'm not one of the 10 million people who bought an iPhone
over the weekend", says Rickey. The handset is yet to hit emerging markets where
the phone has been delayed (in India).

Note that Apple has said that it has sold over 10 million new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models in just three days after the launch on September 19.

You can also look at the 'iPhone 6 Plus Bend Test' video posted by Unbox Therapy
on September 23rd. The video shows how the iPhone 6 bends on applying a little
pressure on the phone.

It is yet not known why the Apple iPhones are bending in the pockets.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Boot up: Samsung's European PC exit, Stanford's Google pledge, bending iPhone 6
Plus

BYLINE: Charles Arthurtheguardian.com

LENGTH: 1238 words

ABSTRACT

Charles Arthur: Plus what focus groups can't tell you, Indian grey market iPhone
pricing, weather forecasting phones, and more

FULL TEXT

A feast of 9 links for you to chew over, as picked by the Technology team

Focus groups are worthless && Medium

Erika Hall:

Everything focus groups purport to give you, you can get through interviews and
contextual interviews, without the unpleasant side effects. Here is what you get
from a focus group:

Opinions that participants are willing to speak in the presence of a group of
strangers.One-on-one interviews can be challenging to get right, but they always
have the following advantages:

· Fast to set up and run.· If one bad participant makes it through the
screening, you can cut your losses and stop the conversation without affecting
other recruits.· You can have the conversation with participants in their
natural environment.

Also worth reading for:

People are lazy, forgetful, creatures of habit. We all are. This is why the mega
bestselling book is called The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, instead of
An Infinite Number of Novel Tasks Performed by Highly Effective People.

Some iPhone 6 Plus owners accidentally bending their iPhones in pockets && Mac
Rumors

"Yesterday, I left at 10am with the iPhone in my left FRONT pocket of my suit
pants. I drove 4 hours to a wedding, which also involved a lot of sitting during
dinner etc but also 2-3 hours of dancing. I left at 2am and went to bed, driving
home 4 hours back.

So in total, the 6 Plus was about 18 hours in my pocket while sitting mostly.

As I lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the
drive (yes, sitting again ), I saw the reflection of the window in the iPhones
slightly distorted."

Er, yes.

Exclusive: Samsung exits laptop market including Chromebooks && PC Advisor

Following in the path of Sony and its Vaio PCs, Samsung has decided to exit the
laptop market stopping sales of Ativ Windows and Chromebook devices in Europe,
PC Advisor can confirm.

It's common knowledge that the PC market is in decline with Sony pulling out and
selling its Vaio business back in February of this year. Despite being a giant
of the tech world, Samsung has now followed suit.

Things have been quiet from Samsung this year on the laptop side of things with
no new devices at IFA 2014 in Berlin. The firm's main recent releases have
included the Ativ Book 9 Plus and Ativ Book 9 Lite.

"We quickly adapt to market needs and demands. In Europe, we will be
discontinuing sales of laptops including Chromebooks for now. This is specific
to the region - and is not necessarily reflective of conditions in other
markets," said a Samsung spokesperson.

Sony, Toshiba, Samsung - who's next to retrench?

How the new iPhones could help scientists predict the weather && CITEworld

Somewhat like the way old Androids are:

Researchers are already using data collected from an Android app that measures
barometric pressure. Jacob Sheehy and Phil Jones built the app, called
PressureNet, and have been sharing data collected from it with scientists. They
also let other developers build their technology into third party apps as a way
to further distribute the technology and collect more data.

They launched PressureNet in 2012 and have had 95,000 downloads but only about
22,000 people actively use it, Sheehy said. However, including third party apps,
like Beautiful Widgets, around 300,000 phones are capable of feeding pressure
data to PressureNet.

So far around 300 people have signed up to use the data from the app, 100 of
whom are researchers. But only around 10 or so are active, Sheehy said.

That's the real problem - getting scale.

Now you can quickly share the best parts of your GoPro videos, with BrightSky
Labs' App '10' && TechCrunch

The 10 app was created to reduce the friction GoPro users currently have when
finding and editing videos to share. Currently, anyone who attaches a GoPro to
their snowboard, surfboard or any other device usually ends up waiting until
they get home and upload videos to their computers before being able to access
them. Then they have to go through the trouble of sorting through all the
content they recorded for just the choice bits and cut them down before
uploading them to YouTube or other networks.

BrightSky Labs hopes to simplify that process, which they believe will make for
a lot more shareable and shared GoPro content making its way online. The 10 app
makes it simple for extreme sports enthusiasts to finish recording, check out
the videos they've recorded, and get right back to the slopes or the surf, or
whatever it is they're being extreme on.

Stanford promises not to use Google money for privacy research && ProPublica

Stanford University recently declared that it will not use money from Google to
fund privacy research at its Center for Internet and Society, according to a
legal filing made by the school.

"Since 2013, Google funding is specifically designated not [to] be used for
CIS's privacy work," the university said in the court filing, found by
ProPublica in documents filed in an unrelated lawsuit.

Stanford's Center for Internet and Society has long been generously funded by
Google, but the center's privacy research has proved damaging to the search
giant in the past two years. Two years ago a researcher at the center helped
uncover Google privacy violations that led to the company paying a record $22.5m
fine.

Academics not happy, and prepared to say so publicly.

Watch this madman fix the iPhone 6's biggest design flaw with a grinder &&
Gizmodo UK

The industrial design of the iPhone 6 is close to flawless... except for one
flaw so weird, so major, that it's maddening: the fact that the camera protrudes
from the body of the phone, meaning it never lies completely flat and gets
caught on all kinds of stuff.

The perfectionists at PeripateticPandas have a solution, and it involves
industrial machinery.

Maybe iron out the lumps on the Samsung Galaxy Alpha next?

iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus hit India's grey markets, prices touch Rs 140,000 for
the 64GB iPhone 6 Plus && BGR India

Apple will be launching the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India on October
17. With less than a month to go for the official launch, the smartphones have
hit India's grey markets, with prices touching a ridiculous Rs 140,000 for the
iPhone 6 Plus 64GB variant.

In Delhi's grey markets, the 16GB variant of the iPhone 6 is priced as much as
Rs 80,000. The bigger iPhone 6 Plus, on the other hand, is retailing at Rs
120,000 for the 16GB variant, and Rs 140,000 for the 64GB variant.

Last year, before the iPhone 5S was officially launched, it too hit the grey
markets in India. It retailed for around Rs 75,000 for the 16GB variant, and the
rare gold colored variant was available for as much as Rs 115,000.

Rs 140,000 is about £1,400; the iPhone 6 Plus 64GB retails for £699 in the UK.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus battery life: how long they last && Tom's Guide

We saw how the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus compared to the Samsung Galaxy S5 in
terms of performance, but how well do Apple's new smartphones stack up to the
competition when it comes to battery life? We ran our battery test over the
weekend to find out.

Answer seems to be: battery life follows a basic law of physics, so endurance is
almost exactly proportional to capacity.

You can follow Guardian Technology's linkbucket on Pinboard

To suggest a link, either add it below or tag it with @gdntech on the free
Delicious service.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to be available in UAE on September 27

BYLINE: Sarah Algethami Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 526 words


Dubai: Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be available to order
in the UAE starting September 27, according to Apple's online store in the
country.

The tech giant revealed on Tuesday the new iPhones, as well as a line of
smartwatches, called the Apple Watch.

Retailers in the UAE, too, say they expect to start selling the smartphones
around the same time.

"It will be the first time ever that the iPhone will be available in the UAE
within a week of the US launch, which just goes to show the increased importance
Apple is beginning to attach to the Middle East market," said Nadeem Khanzadah,
head of retail at Jumbo Electronics.

The new iPhones could be sold during Gitex Shopper, a consumer electronics
exhibition that will be held from September 27 to October 4 in the Dubai World
Trade Centre, according to Ashish Panjabi, COO of Jacky's, a consumer
electronics retailer.

Apple said the new iPhones will be released in select countries from September
19, while pre-orders will be available from September 12. The Apple Watch, which
is priced from $349 (Dh1,281), is expected to be released in early 2015.

"For the Apple Watch, we have no indication [on its UAE launch]," said Neelesh
Bhatnagar, chief executive of consumer electronics retailer Emax.

The iPhone 6 will be priced Dh2,599 (16GB), Dh2,999 (64GB) and Dh3,399 (128 GB),
while the iPhone 6 Plus will cost Dh2,999 (16 GB), Dh3,399 (64GB) and Dh3,799
(128 GB), according to Apple's online store in the UAE.

Telecom operator Etisalat confirmed to Gulf News that it will launch the new
iPhones on September 27. Du, too, said that it will offer the smartphones from
September 27. Customers can pre-order the devices from September 19.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus come in screen sizes of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches
respectively.

Both smartphone models feature new generation retina displays, called Retina HD.
The iPhone 6, with a 1334x750 resolution, has 38 per cent more pixels than the
iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6 Plus, with 1920 x 1080 resolution, has 185 per
cent more than the iPhone 5s.

The new iPhones also have the A8 processor, which is 25 per cent faster than the
A7, and have graphics that are 50 per cent faster. The devices will run on iOS
8, which will be released on September 17 as a free download.

In terms of features, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users can expect an improved
8-megapixel iSight camera with quicker autofocus, make calls over a Wi-Fi
network, and pay for things in retail stores with Apple Pay, which has a
built-in near field communication (NFC) capability, a technology that allows
devices to exchange information wirelessly.

Both smartphone models will be available in silver, gold, and space grey.

Meanwhile, the Apple Watch is built from custom alloys of stainless steel,
aluminium, and 18-karat gold, and comes in two sizes and three collections.

It features a range of apps, such as Nike+ Running, which allows users to track
their runs; a BMW app, which displays information like their car's charge level
and where to park; and default apps, such as photos, maps and messages.

The Apple Watch has to be connected to an iPhone to be able to use the apps.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Apple increasingly reliant upon success of iPhone

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 620 words


CUPERTINO -- Across the Bay Area and beyond, the Apple faithful will rise before
dawn Friday, line up on the cold, hard concrete and then fork over hundreds of
dollars -- all so they can be first to own the iPhone 6.

What they might not realize is that Apple needs them just as much as they feel
they need the latest versions of its iconic phone.

Seven years after its debut, the iPhone has become the lifeblood of Apple. The
pocket-size powerhouse already drives more than half of the company's sales, and
that figure is likely heading north. Outfitted with the larger screens that
consumers crave, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked record pre-orders last week and
are expected to fly off the shelves when they hit stores Friday. With sales for
the rest of Apple's gadgets largely flat, the company's fortunes will rise and
fall with the iPhone, analysts say.

As Colin Gillis of BGC Financial put it: "Apple is the iPhone company."

It's an ironic turn for a company that began as a computer maker determined to
be known for more than its flagship Mac. Apple dropped "Computer" from its name
in 2007, the year the original iPhone was released, to cement the shift to a
broader array of personal electronics.

To be sure, the iPhone is a great device to lean on -- it yields huge profits
for Apple, and the global smartphone market is red hot. Nevertheless, analysts
say, companies generally try to draw their sales from various products to hedge
against risk.

"It's dangerous to have all your eggs in one basket," said Roger May of Endpoint
Technologies Associates.

What's more, growth in the smartphone market is increasingly coming from the
lower end, but the iPhone is getting pricier. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299
with a two-year contract -- $100 more than Apple's marquee device last year.

"If the premium space slows down, that would be negative for Apple because they
are so dependent on the iPhone," Gillis said.

Yet for some consumers, Apple must simply name its price. The company announced
that it received a record 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on
the first day they were available, twice the volume it reported for the iPhone
5.

Some of those sales may be coming at the iPad's expense. As smartphones expand
and tablets shrink, analysts suspect that many consumers will not see the need
to lug both devices around. The iPad Mini seems particularly vulnerable,
measuring 7.9 inches diagonally, compared with the 5.5-inch display of the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Yet Apple probably isn't afraid of cannibalizing sales of the Mini, said analyst
Gene Munster, noting that the company gleans much more profit from sales of its
premium iPhone.

"They would rather sell you one iPhone 6 Plus than an iPhone and an iPad," said
Munster, who is a managing director at research firm Piper Jaffray.

And strong iPhone sales could bode well for other gadgets in Apple's portfolio.
The iPhone is designed to work best with other Apple devices, perhaps enticing
consumers who start with the smartphone to rack up more products.

After introducing the latest iPhones last week at a flashy event in Cupertino,
Apple executives rolled out Apple Pay, a mobile payments service, and the Apple
Watch, a timepiece that tracks users' fitness.

Yet despite the new offerings, the iPhone's dominance doesn't seem to be letting
up anytime soon. The Apple Pay service is built into the latest iPhones as well
as the smartwatch. And Apple Watch users must have an iPhone on their person to
take advantage of most of the timepiece's features.

"You can't have either of them without the iPhone, plain and simple," said Ramon
Llamas, an analyst at technology research firm IDC.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus (L) phones are shown together at
a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014 in Orem, Utah. Apples new
iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014. (Photo by George Frey/Getty
Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                October 8, 2016

Jio offers new iPhone users free service for 12 months

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 425  words


NEW DELHI: Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio Infocomm will offer iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, along with complimentary services of Jio Digital Services for 12
months.

"Welcome to the next gen iPhones on the only-4G all-IP network in India. Jio
announced it will offer the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most advanced
iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and water
resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 Fusion chip, which is the
most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever
in an iPhone," said Reliance Jio Infocomm, the wireless arm of Reliance
Industries Ltd (RIL).

All Jio customers purchasing a new iPhone will receive 12 months of Jio Digital
Services complimentary with purchase. This offer will be available for new
iPhone purchases across all Reliance Digital stores and select Apple Premium
Resellers (APR) and Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio.

"Jio is India's 4G-only network, providing high-speed internet across India. The
true power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the
Jio network," he said.

For the first time on a mobile network in India, iPhone customers on the Jio
Network will be able to watch 300+ channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime
and enjoy high definition voice calling.

"Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of
complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited
local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB
of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio
Applications," it said.

"All Enterprise customers can get an exclusive discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone
7 plus iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff
plans," it added.

Both the above offers have been brought to you by Reliance Retail.

"IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. Customers can pre-order
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in Reliance Digital
stores and online at www.jio.com/apple. IPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability," the company said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

New iPhones bend out of shape in back pockets

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 268 words


Owners of the new iPhone 6 Plus have complained that the oversized smartphone
can bend out of shape if it is carried around in trouser pockets.

Some took to online forums, blogs and social media yesterday to post photographs
of warped handsets, which are the largest and thinnest smartphones that Apple
has ever made.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which costs between £619 and £789 without a contract, is the
bigger brother of the iPhone 6. Both models went on sale on Friday.

The apparent bending problem is not unique to the iPhone 6 Plus, however. Owners
of certain Samsung Galaxy, BlackBerry and Sony Xperia handsets have previously
reported problems, as have owners of iPhone 5 and iPhone 4 models. Apple did not
respond to requests for comment yesterday.

The hashtag "Bendgate" was trending on Twitter as disgruntled owners posted
pictures of warped phones.

Hanzoh, a member of the MacRumours forum, said that his iPhone 6 Plus bent out
of shape after he drove to a wedding and back with the handset in his trouser
pocket.

The issue prompted Lewis Hilsenteger, of Unbox Therapy, a YouTube consumer
products channel, to post a video of him bending an iPhone 6 Plus by hand. The
video had more than six million views last night.

"Not necessarily the piece of information that you guys want to receive as
brand-new owners of this device," Mr Hilsenteger said. "This is a huge piece of
aluminium and we all know that aluminium is incredibly malleable - but now we
have actual evidence on camera, not just a picture of a bent phone."

He later tested a comparably sized Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and was unable to do
any lasting damage.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A video posted on YouTube shows a user bending an iPhone 6 Plus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIMscot


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Local companies ramp up new iPhone accessory lines

BYLINE: By Julio Ojeda-Zapata jojeda@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; High-Tech

LENGTH: 622 words


Apple's hugely popular iPhone handsets routinely spawn avast array of
accessories -- notably cases and other protectors -- andtherecently released
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models are no exceptions.

Minnesota-based companies catering to this insatiable demandwere ready this
month when Apple revealed its new, larger iPhones.Boutique-style firms such as
RobbieMoto, Pad & Quill, Landmark& Lions and Twig Case Co. now have locally
handcrafted gear availablefor purchase or pre-order.

Apple fanatics soon will be able to get custom-painted iPhone6 or iPhone 6 Plus
handsets courtesy of a Winona company.

Richfield-based retail giant Best Buy said Wednesday it hasjoined the accessory
stampede with a new line of gadgetry add-ons thatis inspired by the apparel
collections of leading fashion designersAnna Sui, Nanette Lepore and Isaac
Mizrahi.

Among the smaller companies in the field:

Pad & Quill . Initiallyknown for book-like iPad cases consisting of wooden
frames and leathercoverings, this Minneapolis firm has recently expanded its
offerings toinclude a greater range of protective products.

Its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus products, now available for preorder,include
wallet-style cases with the wooden frames; different, framelesswallet cases
within which Apple handsets adhere; and a sturdybumper-style leather case that
incorporates a credit-card pocket.

Twig CaseCo . The iPhone cases by this Waseca firm arelargely made of a
paper-like substance called Richlite that feels a bitlike wood, and allows for
intricate engravings.

Twig isn't initially offering cases for new iPhone models,though, but is selling
iPhone 6 "Paperbacks" consisting ofbamboo-and-Richlite panels that stick to the
front and back of the newhandset.

Twig says this is an antidote to a slightly protruding iPhone6 camera lens that
annoys some owners. But the Paperbacks do notprovide the protection a case does,
it cautions.

Landmarks& Lions . This small, family-ownedMinneapolis company has adapted its
nautically inspiredleather-and-canvas iPhone wallets for the bigger dimensions
of theiPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The wallets have card slots along with the
handsetcompartment.

Byrd& Belle . Specializing in tech protectorsmade of wool and hand-dyed leather,
this Minneapolis company makes itsproducts to order based on the dimensions of a
buyer's device. FounderAngie Davis is likely to see an avalanche of iPhone 6 and
6 Plusorders.

Nedrelow . A maker ofdistinctive wool sleeves -- branded, appropriately enough,
"Sleeve" --Minneapolis-based Nedrelow recently added the new iPhones to its
listof compatible products, which include other phones as well as laptopsand
tablets.

Robbiemoto . Notable forits high-fashion, brightly colored wallets and cases for
phone users,this St. Paul-based company also assembles its products to order
basedon clients' devices.

Certain of its protectors, such as its Leather iPhone Wallets,are already listed
as iPhone 6- and iPhone 6 Plus-compatible on thefirm's Etsypage .

ColorWare .Renowned for high-quality (and high-cost) gadget paint jobs,this
Winona company colorizes older iPhone models, and it has the newApple handsets
in its sights.

"We are in the process of prototyping both phones,"spokeswoman Nicole Czarnomski
said.

Best Buy. The retailer's fashion-spawnedtech-accessory line will include laptop,
tablet and smartphoneprotectors -- including iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus cases
that are duein mid-October.

The accessories are intended to reflect the distinctive styleof each designer.
Mizrahi's technology add-ons are to be emblazonedwith "his iconic prints: polka
dots, stripes and exploded florals aremixed with vibrant hues of fuchsia,
lavender and gold," according to aBest Buy news release.

Best Buy's cases are not made in Minnesota.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                               September 22, 2014

Study: Apple's new iPhones score big in durability

LENGTH: 436  words


Apple's new and bigger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are more durable than last
year's model and a leading Android phone, a study says.

Apple's iPhone 6, whose screen measures 4.7 inches (11.9 centimeters), did the
best across a variety of tests that measures how prone smartphones are to break
due to every day accidents, SquareTrade, a company that provides extended
protection plans, says.

The iPhone Plus 6, whose screen measures 5.5 inches (14 centimeters), wasn't far
behind but lost points because it could slip out of a person's hand since some
users may have a hard time gripping its large but slim form, SquareTrade says.

The iPhone 5s, which measures 4 inches (10 centimeters) and came out last year,
fared better than Samsung's Galaxy S5, which measures 5.1 inches (12.95
centimeters). The Samsung phone got poor marks on several tests including the
slide test. The more a phone slides, the greater its chance of falling off the
edge of a table.

Still, all four of the smartphones tested had a medium risk of breakage and had
no drastic differences among them.

"The phones are getting more and more durable," says Ty Shay, chief marketing
officer at SquareTrade. "Manufacturers are paying more attention."

SquareTrade examines the phones based on eight factors, including size, weight,
grip and the quality of the front and back panels. The company measured how far
the phones slide when pushed across a table on their backs and how well they
withstand drops from 4 feet (1.2 meters) and being dunked in water for 10
seconds.

SquareTrade says it uses robots to do the testing to ensure consistency, and
rates the phones on a 10-point durability scale, with 10 signifying the highest
risk. Apple's iPhone 6 scored the best at 4; the iPhone 6 Plus scored a 5; the
iPhone 5s a 6; and Samsung Galaxy S5 a 6.5.

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus passed the slide test, but the iPhone 5s and
Samsung Galaxy's S5 got poor marks in that area. The iPhone 6 Plus was the only
one that didn't fare as well when dropped 4 feet (1.2 meters) by the robot. The
glass screen survived, but the case separated from the glass. All four phones
fared well in the water resistance test.

SquareTrade provided The Associated Press with the results ahead of Monday's
announcement.

Aside from larger screens, the new Apple iPhones 6 and 6 Plus announced this
month promises faster performance and offers a wireless chip for making credit
card payments at stores by holding the phone near the payment terminal. The
phones start at $199 with a two-year service contact. The phones went on sale
this past week in the U.S. and nine other countries.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2014 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6 Plus outselling smaller model, survey finds

BYLINE: By Shruti Date Singh Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 209 words


More buyers are picking Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6 Plus over the iPhone 6 in this
debut weekend, according to a Piper Jaffray Cos. survey, and supplies of the
larger model already are selling out in some U.S. stores.

The iPhone 6 Plus is "more popular," Gene Munster, an analyst for Piper Jaffray
in Minneapolis, said in a report today. The survey of 386 Apple customers
waiting in line in Minneapolis and New York yesterday found that 57 percent
intended to buy the iPhone 6 Plus, he said. Munster said he had expected buyers
to split 50-50 between the models this weekend and shift more in favor of the
smaller phone over time.

More buyers also said they would pay for higher storage capacity for either
phone than for the iPhone 5S last year. The survey showed 22 percent choosing 16
gigabytes, 52 percent picking 64 GB and 26 percent opting for 128 GB. Last year,
35 percent planned to buy 16 GB, 39 percent intended to get 64 GB and 25 percent
wanted 128 GB, Munster said.

The shift to higher storage capacity and larger phones "will provide an
incremental benefit to gross margins," Munster said. That should help revenue
outpace analysts' average estimate by 9 percent and earnings estimates by almost
12 percent in the three months through December, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Tim Edic, right, of Virginia Beach checks out the new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the Apple store at Lynnhaven Mall in Virginia Beach, Va.,
on Friday.Associated Press Eric Huertas, 32, one of the first customers to get a
new iPhone 6 Plus, left, shows how it size compares to his original iPhone 5s
model, right, for customers awaiting in line at the Apple Store for the launch
and sale of the new iPhone models in Pasadena, Calif., on Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Business user's guide to buying a smartphone

SECTION: BUSINESS;FEATURES; Pg. 6,7

LENGTH: 1740 words


So you want to buy a new smartphone for work? Beyond all the hype and marketing,
what really are the best phones to get? Which is best for battery life? Which
has the best screen? Which fits in best with your office life? And which one
might you actually enjoy using? Adrian Weckler looks at what matters and chooses
the best phones Best: Huawei Best Ascend Mate 7 battery Next best: life iPhone 6
Plus Also decent: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Nothing ruins the experience of a
smartphone like poor battery life. You can have all the fancy features you want:
if your phone dies by mid-afternoon, you'll curse it.

In general, bigger phones have longer battery life. Because even though their
screens take more juice to power, the extra room they provide for bigger
batteries more than compensates. For example, the best battery life I've
experienced is with Huawei's six-inch Ascend Mate 7. (However, because of its
size, this is a niche device.) Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus also stands out,
beating its sibling iPhone 6 by some margin in my experience.

The big phone / big battery rule isn't universal: Google's six-inch Nexus 6 has
a battery that's 25pc smaller than Huawei's phablet. The result is battery life
that is merely decent.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 is the next best Android phone for battery life.
However, it arguably should do better than its 3,220mAH battery suggests. In my
experience, it drains quicker than rivals such as the iPhone 6 Plus, despite
having a bigger battery than Apple's device. This is probably down to the
gazillion things that the Note 4 has going on under the hood. It still lasts a
day, though.

If you want to measure battery life yourself, the metric to look for is the
battery's milliamp hours (mAh). In a five-inch phone, anything under 1,700mAh is
weak and will leave you stranded by teatime. Anything over 2,000mAh is decent
and should last you through the day.

best: iPhone Most 6 Plus officefriendly Next best: Microsoft Lumia 930 Also
decent: Samsung S6 It is a truth universally acknowledged that Irish companies'
IT support departments have now largely switched over to iPhones as their device
of choice.

That means that if you're using a phone supplied by work and set up to work with
the company's specialist software, it's probably going to have to be an iPhone.
If you can get one, go for the superb iPhone 6 Plus (but not the entrylevel 16GB
version as this doesn't have enough storage to keep everyday stuff on it).

The emerging iPhone hegemony suits middle-aged executives (and IT support
staff), who are still getting over the demise of BlackBerry, just fine. But it
means that there is little room for Android handsets, except for those companies
who have more liberal 'bring your own device' policies.

There is one exception to Apple's workplace domination: Windows Phones. Among
large corporates and several governmental and semistate companies, Microsoft
(formerly Nokia) Lumia devices have been mandated as the smartphone of choice.
Microsoft phones can be 'managed' centrally and volume deals are at play here,
so it's a way for companies to save money. Here, the five-inch Lumia 930 is
probably your best bet.

And BlackBerry? The former king of boardroom phones has literally disappeared
from our www.workplaces.No Irish operator continues to offer BlackBerry as a
mainstream option.

Best: Storage iPhone 6, leader iPhone 6 Plus Next best: Samsung S6 Storage
within a phone is still very important to a business phone. Even in an age of
cloud storage, of Google Docs and Microsoft Office Online, a phone's own storage
is quicker and more convenient for a whole host of functions.

And it's crucial to have for system upgrades, app extensions and other
day-to-day requirements.

16GB was once enough for the ordinary user but it's not anymore: 32GB or more is
what you should be aiming for. Many new high-end phones (Samsung S6 and Note 4,
HTC One M9) give this as standard. Some (Sony's Xperia Z3, which opts for 16GB
as standard) do not.

It's a mixed bag with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. On one hand, the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus are the only devices that give you a 128GB option which, even at an extra
(cheeky) (EURO)100, is great flexibility for someone who truly uses the phone as
a laptop replacement (which is possible on a big screen phone). On the other
hand, its entry-level configuration is 16GB which is simply not enough and could
leave you in a bind when you go to upgrade the operating system.

Incidentally, while a memory card slot is useful for storing things like photos,
it is not effective for other forms of storage, such as apps or system storage.

best: Samsung Screen Galaxy quality Note 4 Next best: iPhone 6 Plus Also decent:
HTC One M9, Sony Xperia Z3 Remember when you scoffed at five-inch screens on
phones as being 'too big'? By now, most business folk have come to realise that
large-screen devices ('phablets') simply make more effective business tools.

It's not just that they make emails or office software easier to browse and
operate, or that they give you much better battery lives. It's the extra
flexibility. For example, bigger models (iPhone 6 Plus, Galaxy Note 4, Nexus 6)
can now sometimes be used as substitute laptops with a wireless Bluetooth
keyboard. Most new phones now have excellent, bright, vibrant screens that are
easy to view even in bright outdoors conditions. But overall, it's hard to beat
the screen of Samsung's Galaxy Note 4. It is the only large-screen 'phablet'
with very high resolution: 515 pixels-per-inch. It's super sharp and the
difference is apparent. The iPhone 6 Plus, while not as sharp, is also
excellent.

Best: Nicest iPHONE 6 design/ Next best: style SAMSUNG S6, below Also decent:
HTC One M9, Sony Xperia Z3 Leaving aside engines, features and ecosystems, the
look and feel of a phone has a big impact on whether we take to it. Samsung, for
example, has ditched the plastic on its latest flagship S6 and S6 Edge models
and it's already paying off: the S6 is now one of the nicestlooking phones on
the market. HTC also has fine pedigree in design, although its One M9 is almost
identical in look and feel to its last two versions. And Sony is also worth a
mention. Its 5.2-inch Xperia Z3 handset looks and feels great.

Here, the big phablets generally come second best. Although devices such as
Apple's iPhone 6 Plus are sleek, there's no getting around the slight
awkwardness of holding them. I'm phablets' biggest fan and I admit I struggle to
use them onehanded.

Finally, there are some great-looking devices that you might miss. Microsoft's
Lumia smartphones, which don't get much of a look in for most people because of
an app-shy Windows Phone ecosystem, are generally superbly crafted, a legacy of
their Nokia heritage.

Best: Camera Panasonic choice CM1 Next best: Sony Xperia Z3 Also decent: Samsung
Galaxy Note 4, Microsoft Lumia 930 Is a camera relevant when considering a phone
for strictly business reasons? For most people, perhaps not. Even entrylevel
phones now have reasonable 8-megapixel cameras on them.

For those who need to feed back images for official purposes, however, there is
still a noticeable difference between a chirpy (EURO)200 handset and a (EURO)700
powerhouse. There are lots and lots of good cameras on phones, now.

Both iPhone 6 models have excellent lenses that, although not quite at the top
of their categories, produce great snaps (the larger iPhone 6 also lets you film
in slow motion, which is an addictive gimmick).

It's very tight at the top, but I still rate Sony's 20-megapixel Xperia Z3 as
the best overall camera lens in the mass-market smartphone market.

It has basically taken the sensor from its standard compact cameras and stuffed
it into the body of the slim handset. The results are really great.

I say Sony is the best in the 'mass market', because Panasonic has recently
released a high-end Android phone with an astonishing one-inch sensor in it.
This easily beats all others, but you'll have to hunt hard to find one (none of
the operators here sell it with the usual models).

Samsung's high-end phones generally have excellent cameras, as do Microsoft's
(Nokia's).

Best: Price to Huawei value ASCEND G7 ratio Next best: iPhone 5C Also decent:
Microsoft Lumia 535 So what's the best value business phone? If you were to go
merely by features and specifications, you could easily shell out (EURO)800 or
more for the device. (Apple's iPhone 6 Plus 128GB model costs (EURO)1,000 if
bought as a standalone handset.) Taking everything into consideration, it's very
hard to beat Huawei's new Ascend G7. It's a really good 5.5-inch Android phone
with a great screen, plenty of power and a decent battery. And it costs
(EURO)280. That's a third of the price of a similarly-sized iPhone 6 Plus.

Even this, though, pales compared to the bargain that is Microsoft's Lumia 535.
At (EURO)100 for a completely usable 5-inch office-friendly smartphone, there's
not much to touch it if you're on a serious budget. As for the iPhone, there are
no thing as a cut-price Apple device.

But the iPhone 5C comes closest, at (EURO)400. For this you'll get a phone that
skimps on storage memory (it has just 8GB) but which works as a perfectly good
iPhone, albeit one with a smallish four-inch screen.

Overall verdict Best business phone: iPhone 6 Plus (from (EURO)799 sim-free,
from free on 24-month contract with operators) Taking all factors into account,
it's hard to look past the iPhone as the best current business smartphone.
Before Apple increased the screen size of its handsets, Samsung had the edge.
Its 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 4, in particular, was a more practical business device
than the small 4-inch iPhone 5 models. But all is changed now thanks to the new
4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays of the latest iPhones.

It's not just the screens, either: iPhones have become the goto devices for most
enterprise software development, so that you have a better chance of staying
near the front with one. And Apple's iOS ecosystem still has a lead when it
comes to work-based apps. For these reasons, and Apple's perceived user-friendly
status (which isn't as pronounced as it once was over Android), your office and
your IT support department will probably support these devices better over
others.

And it is the larger iPhone 6 Plus that takes the ultimate crown. Its battery
life is around 15pc better than the standard iPhone 6 and it can be used more
effectively for email and other productivity purposes.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

IPhone Sales Beat Opening Weekend,But Near Flat Vs. '14 Analysts Mixed; Stock
Falls Apple says 13 million units sold in first 3 days, but China included this
year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ . "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving
3D Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus to customers in even more countries on Oct. 9." Apple beat Wall Street's +
target of 12 million iPhone 6S unit sales for the opening weekend, FBR analyst
Daniel Ives said in a research report Monday. Ives rates Apple stock outperform.
We view 13 million as a "bull case' number from the weekend as bears were saying
10.5 million+ to 11 million w

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 617 words


For Apple, iPhone 6 S sounds like success.

The Cupertino, Calif.-based company Monday announced that it sold more than 13
million iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus models in their first three days of retail
availability starting Friday. That beats the previous record of 10 million
units, set last year during the opening weekend of iPhone 6 sales.

"Sales for iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statementlaunched the iPhone 6 S40 More Countries Soon

On Oct. 9 and 10, Apple will roll out the new iPhones to more than 40 additional
countries and territories, including Italy, Mexico, Russia and Spain. It will
add India, Malaysia and Turkey on Oct. 16, bringing its total to 57 markets.

Apple expects to be selling the  iPhone 6 S series in over 130 counties by
year-end.

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature, which adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus start at $649 and $749, respectively, when paid in
full. Apple and wireless carriers also are offering monthly installment billing
plans.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said early iPhone 6 S sales are promising.

"We see opening weekend results, coupled with our read on sell-through, as a
sign that the iPhone 6 S cycle is off to a good start and continue to be
comfortable with our 3% iPhone 6 S cycle unit growth compared to the Street at
flat," Munster said in a note Monday.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S appears to be generally available, while the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus is on back-order, Munster said.

Munster rates Apple stock overweight, with a price target of 172.

The iPhone 6 S appears to be off to a "healthy start," though the inclusion of
China this year clouds the comparisons to last year's  iPhone 6 launch, Nomura
analyst Jeffrey Kvaal said in a note Monday. He rates Apple stock a buy, with a
price target of 145.

BMO Capital Markets analyst Keith Bachman said iPhone 6 S sales also benefited
from a longer period of pre-orders. Days from pre-orders to availability for the
iPhone 6 S were 13 days, compared with seven days for the prior three iPhone
launches, he said in a note Monday.

Faster Distribution Schedule

Bachman rates Apple stock as outperform, with a price target of 145.

Mizuho Securities analyst Abhey Lamba was unmoved by Apple's first-weekend
iPhone sales number.

The sales figure "does not seem overwhelmingly positive" when you factor out
China sales, he said in a note Monday.

Lamba reiterated his neutral rating on Apple stock and price target of 125.

Apple looks to fight difficult comparisons to last year's wildly successful
iPhone 6 launch by expanding distribution more rapidly this year, Lamba said.

Apple intends to ship the new phones to over 130 countries by year's end vs. 115
by the end of 2014 for the iPhone 6, he said.

Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri concurred, saying iPhone 6 S unit sales are flat to
up slightly year-over-year on a pro-forma basis.

He rates Apple stock as market perform with a price target of 130.

A teardown analysis of a midrange iPhone 6 S by TechInsights revealed the
components cost $245, up 7% over the iPhone 6.

Apple's move to 2 gigabytes of memory for the iPhone 6 S, from 1 GB for the
iPhone 6, is one example of higher component costs.

The addition of a pressure-sensitive touchscreen, branded 3 D Touch; better
cameras; and a redesigned 7000 series aluminum case also boosted the cost of the
device, TechInsights said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                  EAST EDITION

IPhone Sales Beat Opening Weekend,But Near Flat Vs. '14 Analysts Mixed; Stock
Falls Apple says 13 million units sold in first 3 days, but China included this
year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ . "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving
3D Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus to customers in even more countries on Oct. 9." Apple beat Wall Street's +
target of 12 million iPhone 6S unit sales for the opening weekend, FBR analyst
Daniel Ives said in a research report Monday. Ives rates Apple stock outperform.
We view 13 million as a "bull case' number from the weekend as bears were saying
10.5 million+ to 11 million w

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 617 words


For Apple, iPhone 6 S sounds like success.

The Cupertino, Calif.-based company Monday announced that it sold more than 13
million iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus models in their first three days of retail
availability starting Friday. That beats the previous record of 10 million
units, set last year during the opening weekend of iPhone 6 sales.

"Sales for iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statementlaunched the iPhone 6 S40 More Countries Soon

On Oct. 9 and 10, Apple will roll out the new iPhones to more than 40 additional
countries and territories, including Italy, Mexico, Russia and Spain. It will
add India, Malaysia and Turkey on Oct. 16, bringing its total to 57 markets.

Apple expects to be selling the  iPhone 6 S series in over 130 counties by
year-end.

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature, which adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus start at $649 and $749, respectively, when paid in
full. Apple and wireless carriers also are offering monthly installment billing
plans.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said early iPhone 6 S sales are promising.

"We see opening weekend results, coupled with our read on sell-through, as a
sign that the iPhone 6 S cycle is off to a good start and continue to be
comfortable with our 3% iPhone 6 S cycle unit growth compared to the Street at
flat," Munster said in a note Monday.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S appears to be generally available, while the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus is on back-order, Munster said.

Munster rates Apple stock overweight, with a price target of 172.

The iPhone 6 S appears to be off to a "healthy start," though the inclusion of
China this year clouds the comparisons to last year's  iPhone 6 launch, Nomura
analyst Jeffrey Kvaal said in a note Monday. He rates Apple stock a buy, with a
price target of 145.

BMO Capital Markets analyst Keith Bachman said iPhone 6 S sales also benefited
from a longer period of pre-orders. Days from pre-orders to availability for the
iPhone 6 S were 13 days, compared with seven days for the prior three iPhone
launches, he said in a note Monday.

Faster Distribution Schedule

Bachman rates Apple stock as outperform, with a price target of 145.

Mizuho Securities analyst Abhey Lamba was unmoved by Apple's first-weekend
iPhone sales number.

The sales figure "does not seem overwhelmingly positive" when you factor out
China sales, he said in a note Monday.

Lamba reiterated his neutral rating on Apple stock and price target of 125.

Apple looks to fight difficult comparisons to last year's wildly successful
iPhone 6 launch by expanding distribution more rapidly this year, Lamba said.

Apple intends to ship the new phones to over 130 countries by year's end vs. 115
by the end of 2014 for the iPhone 6, he said.

Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri concurred, saying iPhone 6 S unit sales are flat to
up slightly year-over-year on a pro-forma basis.

He rates Apple stock as market perform with a price target of 130.

A teardown analysis of a midrange iPhone 6 S by TechInsights revealed the
components cost $245, up 7% over the iPhone 6.

Apple's move to 2 gigabytes of memory for the iPhone 6 S, from 1 GB for the
iPhone 6, is one example of higher component costs.

The addition of a pressure-sensitive touchscreen, branded 3 D Touch; better
cameras; and a redesigned 7000 series aluminum case also boosted the cost of the
device, TechInsights said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Today's Zaman (Turkey)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

TODAYSZAMAN.COM - Apple puts iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on sale in Turkey

LENGTH: 308  words


Apple puts iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on sale in TurkeyApple put its latest
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, on sale in Turkey and 21 other
countries early on Friday morning, including Russia, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan and
European states such as Belgium and the Netherlands.Customers wanting to be the
first to purchase Apple's newest smartphones in Turkey formed long queues in
front of electronic stores on Thursday evening.

The stores let the enthusiastic customers in at the midnight.I have been waiting
for this for a month.

I am very happy to be one of the first people to buy this phone, said Ataberk
Calaz after his early-morning purchase.The iPhone 6 16 GB model is on sale in
Turkey for TL 2,349 ($1,038) the 64 GB and 128 GB models are available for
purchase at TL 2,649 ($1,170) and TL 2,949 ($1,303), respectively.

The larger screen iPhone 6 Plus' 16 GB, 34 GB and 128 GB models cost TL 2,649
($1,170), TL 2,949 ($1,303) and TL 3,249 ($1,435), respectively.Apple had put
the new iPhone models on sale earlier in the United States, UK, Australia,
Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Puerto Rico and Singapore.

Sales for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded a record 10 million during the
first weekend the phones were available for purchase.In addition to Turkey, the
new iPhone models were put on sale in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland,
Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Taiwan and the United Arab Emirates.

Apple plans to put the new phones on sale in more than 100 countries by the end
of the yearApple responded on Thursday to complaints that the iPhone 6 Plus
phones quotbend,quot saying this is extremely rare during normal use and that it
has so far received only nine such complaints from customers.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Today's Zaman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        June 17, 2016 Friday 6:12 PM GMT

Apple barred from selling iPhones 6 in Beijing;
Reports that the capital's intellectual property regulator has accused Apple of
infringing design patents for a Chinese phone

BYLINE: Alex Hern

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 331 words


Beijing has ordered Apple to stop selling the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
China's capital, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.

The city's intellectual property regulator has ruled that the design of the two
phones is overly similar to another phone, the 100C, made by the Chinese company
Shenzhen Baili. In a statement, the Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau wrote
that the phones infringe on a Chinese patent for exterior design held by
Shenzhen Baili.

"Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have minor differences from Baili's 100C.
The differences are so tiny that the average customer could not notice. So, this
case falls into the patent rights protection category," the ruling reads.

Bizarrely, the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, which have identical exteriors and
are also available, are not affected by the ruling. The two phones which are
barred from sale were first released in 2014, and will likely be pulled from
markets worldwide anyway in September 2016 when Apple is expected to announce
the iPhones 7.

In a statement, Apple said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are all available for sale today in China.
We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court."

The move to bar the company from selling the iPhones comes just a month after
Apple announced a $1bn investment in Chinese Uber competitor Didi. The move,
unusual for a company which tends to only invest in firms in order to acquire
them, was though to be a goodwill gesture to the Chinese markets and government,
to curry favour with regulators typically seen as hostile to Apple.

It came after China shut down Apple's iTunes Movies and iBooks services, and
also lost a trademark battle over whether or not a luxury goods manufacturer
could use the iPhone brand on handbags.

The investment does not seem to have worked as planned.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Apple cuts prices of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


NEW DELHI: Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to
16% cent just two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in
what is historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at Rs 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between Rs 52,000 and Rs 55,000,
according to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity. The
price cuts are across all variants - 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB - of both models.
The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices between
launch time and now is about 15 per cent, a top executive at a national retailer
said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers. "The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000, about Rs
8,000-Rs 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models wereRs
14,000-Rs 16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and Hong
Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62 per cent to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting at Rs 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Below is the approximate prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on one of the
country's biggest e-commerce website:

* iPhone 6S (16GB): Rs 48,499

* iPhone 6S (64GB): Rs 62,849

* iPhone 6S (128GB): Rs 74,940

* iPhone 6S Plus (16GB): Rs 61,999

* iPhone 6S Plus (64GB): Rs 75,499

* iPhone 6S Plus (128GB): Rs 85,999

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Fans out in full force to welcome Apple's latest

LENGTH: 704  words


After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

Originally released in the US and other select markets in late September, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus mark the fourth official iPhone release on the mainland
since the iPhone 4.

On Friday morning, around 100 excited Apple aficionados were queuing outside the
company's flagship Beijing store in Sanlitun as its doors opened. Most had
ordered online and were there in person to enjoy the handover.

"I came all the way from Shijiazhuang (in Hebei province, around 260 km
southwest of Beijing) to pick up the phone," said one retailer surnamed Song.

"I bought an iPhone 6 and a 6 Plus. They are gifts to my wife. I got two, so she
can choose."

Chinese media reports said there had been customers waiting in line overnight in
Taiyuan, Shanxi province, and China News Service said many eager customers had
been seen waiting outside China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd
(China Unicom) stores across the country for the midnight release of the iPhone.

China Unicom even posted images of people waiting through the night on their
official Sina Weibo, the Twitter-like micro-blogging service.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sold over 10 million units in their first weekend sale
in September.

Describing himself as an Apple "super fan", Liu Yi has queued up for every
first-day iPhone release since the product was launched in China.

He arrived at the Sanlitun store at around 7:50 am, but despite others being
ahead of him in the queue they had not registered and he was rewarded with being
the first buyer in the area to receive an iPhone 6.

"I come to the stores on launch day because I enjoy the festive atmosphere," he
said.

A recent graduate surnamed Tong, who was also at the scene but not in line, said
he was there just to enjoy the party atmosphere.

"I am here to join in the fun," said Tong, admitting that the only Apple product
he owns is a second-generation iPad.

"I have been a fan of Apple products for a long time and I frequently visit the
store - I just like the feel of the place."

Friday's Beijing launch was certainly a smoother and better affair than previous
years. During the launch of the iPhone 4s in 2012, for instance, fighting broke
out among scalpers and customers due to the high demand for the iPhone.

Despite launching a month later on the mainland, and the smaller crowds waiting
outside its stores than previous years, Canalys analyst Wang Jingwen said Apple
products are still as popular as ever in China.

"Consumers have learned different ways to purchase their Apple products, from
ordering online to ordering from retailers and carriers," said Wang. "Apple has
also put out information on where consumers can buy their iPhones."

Film industry worker Wang Kelu had ordered three iPhones online and arrived,
like many others, on Friday morning to pick them up in person.

"I also came to buy phones for my friends. I wanted other iPhone 6 Pluses, but
they didn't have any left so I guess I'll come back again tomorrow."

Apple's Friday launch came hot on the heels of a company product announcement on
Thursday in California which revealed new upgrades for the iPad Mini 3, iPad Air
2 and OSX Yosemite, as well as a software update for the Mac operating system.

Wang said that the arrival of the iPhone 6 Plus may hit iPad sales, given the
former's screen size is already close in size to a small tablet.

"Right now there are a lot of what we call phablets on the market in China, made
by domestic and foreign companies, such as Samsung and LG," said Wang.

"At 5.5 inches, the 6 Plus might turn away consumers from new tablet devices,
not just in China but everywhere."

"That said, right now there really isn't a competitor on the market to match the
iPhone 6 Plus."

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at 5,288 yuan ($860), and for the iPhone 6 Plus at
6,088 yuan.

Liu Zheng contributed to this story.

Customers who had placed online orders for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus waiting
in line outside the Apple store in Sanlitun, Beijing on Friday. Feng Yongbin /
China Daily

(China Daily USA 10/20/2014 page14)

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Fans out in full force to welcome Apple's latest

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 703  words


After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

After a month of waiting, US tech giant Apple Inc' latest iPhones have finally
arrived on the Chinese mainland.

Originally released in the US and other select markets in late September, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus mark the fourth official iPhone release on the mainland
since the iPhone 4.

On Friday morning, around 100 excited Apple aficionados were queuing outside the
company's flagship Beijing store in Sanlitun as its doors opened. Most had
ordered online and were there in person to enjoy the handover.

"I came all the way from Shijiazhuang (in Hebei province, around 260 km
southwest of Beijing) to pick up the phone," said one retailer surnamed Song.

"I bought an iPhone 6 and a 6 Plus. They are gifts to my wife. I got two, so she
can choose."

Chinese media reports said there had been customers waiting in line overnight in
Taiyuan, Shanxi province, and China News Service said many eager customers had
been seen waiting outside China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd
(China Unicom) stores across the country for the midnight release of the iPhone.

China Unicom even posted images of people waiting through the night on their
official Sina Weibo, the Twitter-like micro-blogging service.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sold over 10 million units in their first weekend sale
in September.

Describing himself as an Apple "super fan", Liu Yi has queued up for every
first-day iPhone release since the product was launched in China.

He arrived at the Sanlitun store at around 7:50 am, but despite others being
ahead of him in the queue they had not registered and he was rewarded with being
the first buyer in the area to receive an iPhone 6.

"I come to the stores on launch day because I enjoy the festive atmosphere," he
said.

A recent graduate surnamed Tong, who was also at the scene but not in line, said
he was there just to enjoy the party atmosphere.

"I am here to join in the fun," said Tong, admitting that the only Apple product
he owns is a second-generation iPad.

"I have been a fan of Apple products for a long time and I frequently visit the
store - I just like the feel of the place."

Friday's Beijing launch was certainly a smoother and better affair than previous
years. During the launch of the iPhone 4s in 2012, for instance, fighting broke
out among scalpers and customers due to the high demand for the iPhone.

Despite launching a month later on the mainland, and the smaller crowds waiting
outside its stores than previous years, Canalys analyst Wang Jingwen said Apple
products are still as popular as ever in China.

"Consumers have learned different ways to purchase their Apple products, from
ordering online to ordering from retailers and carriers," said Wang. "Apple has
also put out information on where consumers can buy their iPhones."

Film industry worker Wang Kelu had ordered three iPhones online and arrived,
like many others, on Friday morning to pick them up in person.

"I also came to buy phones for my friends. I wanted other iPhone 6 Pluses, but
they didn't have any left so I guess I'll come back again tomorrow."

Apple's Friday launch came hot on the heels of a company product announcement on
Thursday in California which revealed new upgrades for the iPad Mini 3, iPad Air
2 and OSX Yosemite, as well as a software update for the Mac operating system.

Wang said that the arrival of the iPhone 6 Plus may hit iPad sales, given the
former's screen size is already close in size to a small tablet.

"Right now there are a lot of what we call phablets on the market in China, made
by domestic and foreign companies, such as Samsung and LG," said Wang.

"At 5.5 inches, the 6 Plus might turn away consumers from new tablet devices,
not just in China but everywhere."

"That said, right now there really isn't a competitor on the market to match the
iPhone 6 Plus."

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at 5,288 yuan ($860), and for the iPhone 6 Plus at
6,088 yuan.

Liu Zheng contributed to this story.

Customers who had placed online orders for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus waiting
in line outside the Apple store in Sanlitun, Beijing on Friday. Feng Yongbin /
China Daily

(China Daily 10/18/2014 page7)

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 13, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 5S To Have An Official Price-Cut In India

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 262  words


A tweet from Mumbai-based Mahesh Telecom has announced that the two iPhone 5S
variants will have a price cut, ahead of launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
India.

Saturday, September 13, 2014: Customers and ardent fans of Apple devices are
already quite delighted with the latest launch of their favourite brand - iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Now they have some more reason to rejoice as Apple's
flagship smartphone of 2013, iPhone 5S is going to undergo an "official" price
cut in India.

Both the 16GB and 32GB versions of iPhone 5S will be very much available in
markets, along with iPhone 5C 8GB. But the revised prices were not announced at
the recent Apple event. A tweet from Mumbai-based Mahesh Telecom has announced
that the two iPhone 5S variants will have a price cut, ahead of launch of iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India.

The tweet says, iPhone 5S 16GB will cost Rs 44,500 instead of Rs 53,500 and the
32GB variant will be available at Rs 49,500 instead of Rs 62,500, as mentioned
in The Times of India. But the online price is lesser for iPhone 5S. Amazon.in
is retailing the 16GB version at Rs 34,999 and Flipkart at Rs 36,000. The online
price of 32GB version is Rs 56,000, which is expected to come down after the
price cut.

No word has been spread yet about a buyback offer for iPhone 5S, as happened for
iPhone 5C last year. Apple India has removed the iPhone 6 launch date, which was
earlier mentioned as 17 October, following 26 September. Till now, no official
statement has been released about when iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus will get
launched in India.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Apple fans bitten

BYLINE: ANDREW JEFFERSON AND ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 763  words


AUSTRALIANS will pay 20 per cent more than customers in the US when the iPhone 6
is released next week.

Apple yesterday unveiled two big-screen iPhones to tackle the threat from
so-called "phablets", as well as a tap-and-touch payment system and a wearable
Apple Watch.

The 12cm iPhone 6 and the 14cm iPhone 6 Plus both have Near Field Communication,
or NFC, a wireless communication system some Android phones embraced years ago
that enables tap-and-touch payments at check-outs.

Apple hopes deals it has made with American Express, Visa and MasterCard, major
US banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take off. The
payment system begins in the US in October, but there are no details on its
Australian introduction.

The new iPhone range goes on sale here from September 19 but Australians will be
slugged. Prices for the iPhone 6 start at $869 compared with $US649 ($707) in
the US.

The iPhone 6 Plus will retail from $999 here and $US749 ($816) in the US.
Australian customers can pre-order the new phones from tomorrow. After years of
rumours, the Apple Watch was also unveiled. It has.a 38mm or 42mm watch face and
three models, all with interchangeable bands.

Apple said that when paired with at least an iPhone 5, it would let people shop
with Apple Pay using their watch.

While an Australian price has not been announced, it will retail in the US from
$US349.

Australian retailers are already preparing for a battle over the new iPhone
range.

Optus fired the first shots on Sunday when it revealed people who abandon their
existing contracts with rival companies would be given $200 credit to offset
cancellation charges if they move to a 24-month Optus plan.

Telstra customers who bought an iPhone5s last September on a two-year contract
wishing to upgrade are likely to be hit with a $500 termination fee. Consumer
group Choice spokesman Tom Godfrey said: "Apple needs to justify why it
continues to take larger bites out of Aussie wallets."
andrew.jefferson@news.com.au

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US APPLE has revealed plenty of new details about the
new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch, but some questions remain
unanswered.

Here are five things we learnt at the launch - and five things we didn't. WHAT
WE DON'T KNOW * The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at night by
touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need recharging is
anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

* When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January?

Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch - perhaps with a
esky-and-thongs app.

* What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

* Is an eight-megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus in particular has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight-megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

* While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples. The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal to if not better than the
iPhone 5S. Is that going to be good enough? WHAT WE KNOW * Apple plans to
replace your wallet with your smartphone, in the shape of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus. A lot of people have that plan but analysts are already saying that the
deals Apple has made with banks, credit cards and retailers like Disney could
make this dream come true.

* Both new iPhones will use the same charger as the iPhone 5 models. * Speaking
of the Apple Watch, the rumour that it would be called the iWatch was shot down.
Apparently there is no 'I' in watch, just like there is no 'I' in team. It does
come in two sizes and three models. No matter what Watch you get, they all have
interchangeable bands.

* On the topic of names, where did iPhone 6 Plus come from? Let's get ready for
the marketing campaign: Now iPhones come in Plus-sized models.

* Apple has embraced NFC (Near Field Communication) at last - not only in its
iPhones, but in its smartwatch.

If you're an Apple fan, you better brace yourself for some gentle ribbing from
your Android-loving mates welcoming you to 2010.

* U2 are very, very loud. Tim Cook is not scared to say "one more thing". Apple
can still keep very big secrets.And it doesn't need Steve Jobs to launch sexy
new products.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Early reviews heap praise on bigger-screen iPhones

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 428 words


Agence France-Presse

SAN FRANCISCO

Early reviews of Apple iPhone 6 models to be released tomorrow sang the praises
of the large-screen handsets, proclaiming that bigger truly is better.

"The public asked for bigger and Apple delivered not only bigger but better,
too," tech news website Slash Gear said in its review.

"A stunning Retina HD display, blisteringly fast A8 processor, and class-leading
connectivity make these the best iPhones ever."

Mixed in with details about improvements to cameras and screens was advice that
would-be buyers inclined to use their smartphone just as a phone, should opt for
an iPhone 6 instead of its bigger-screened brother the iPhone 6 Plus.

"There are a couple of reasons why the Apple iPhone 6 Plus might also be too big
for me to purchase," Lauren Goode wrote in a review at Recode.net.

"But I have to admit it: I'm tempted. I really like this phone. And to people
who actually prefer huge smartphones: You are going to like this phone, too."

Reviewers said that while the iPhone 6 Plus was a weighty handful, Apple
tastefully modified the design to make it comfortable to hold and use.

TechCrunch referred to the iPhone 6 Plus as the "first truly well-designed big
smartphone".

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and is due to
soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet".

The iPhone 6 has a 11.9-centimetre screen and the 6-Plus is 13.9 centimetres,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

"Apple hasn't fumbled," David Pogue of Yahoo! Tech news said in a review.

"Its two new iPhones are excellent. Beautiful. State of the art. Worthy heirs to
the iPhone throne."

Some reviewers noted that the iPhone 6 Plus is pricier than rival phablets, and
that the latest Apple smartphones cost tidy sums if prices are not offset by
telecom firms in exchange for locking into service contracts.

Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

The tech giant said more than four million pre-orders were received in the 24
hours after the new devices went on sale.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus: 10 things to know

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 803 words


NEW DELHI: iPhone 6S Plus features a 5.5-inch Full HD screen, 12MP with a new
64-bit A9 chipset that is 70% faster at carrying out processes than the one seen
in last year's iPhones.

Apple's new iPhones are here. The tech giant unveiled the two updated iPhones --
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus -- at an event in San Francisco's mega Bill Graham
Civic auditorium. Talking about the new smartphones, Apple CEO Tim Cook said,
"They look familiar, but we have changed everything about these iPhones."

One of the key new features of the new iPhones is the new touch capability
called 3D Touch which allows the screen to sense multiple types of pressure.

Here are 10 things you need to know about Apple's latest iPhones:

3D Touch

Most smartphone users are accustomed to 'multi-touch' -- the ability for phones
to recognize touches from multiple fingers, enabling such capabilities as
pinching to zoom. With new iPhones, Apple brings in 3D Touch.

Pressing down hard on the new iPhones will launch additional capabilities. For
example, you can get quick access to tasks such as taking a selfie or getting
directions home. From a message, 3D Touch will give you a preview of a web link
without launching the browser. Similarly, press for a few seconds on a document
icon, and a preview pops out. Press on an address in an email, and a map opens
up. On some video apps, the pressure determines how quickly you forward or
rewind.

12MP rear camera

After being stuck with an 8MP camera sensor since iPhone 4S, the iPhone range
has finally received a substantial megapixel upgrade. iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus sport a 12MP rear camera, with 50% more focus pixels to ensure faster
autofocus.

Apple says that the new iPhones' camera will deliver more detailed photos than
ever before. It can also capture panorama shots in 63MP resolution and capture
videos in 4K (movie hall quality) resolution.

5MP selfie camera

The selfie camera has also got an upgrade this year, jumping from 1.2MP in
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to 5MP in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

Though it is not backed by a front-facing LED flash, Apple has used a technology
called Retina Flash to deliver brighter selfies. This feature increases the
brightness of the screen by three times, which Apple claims is comparable to
that of its rear dual-LED flash

The front camera also gets an upgrade. It'll be 5MP FaceTime HD camera that uses
the phone's Retina display for a flash for "detailed selfies." Apple claims that
the new capabilities will now let the display light up 3-times brighter for a
flash that's comparable to that of the TrueTone flash on the back.

Apple has also debuted a feature called Live Photos in the camera app, which
will capture a 1.5-second video before and after you click the shutter in order
to create animated GIFs.

A new colour

The new iPhone 6S Plus will also come in a rose gold colour, as well as the
standard silver, gold, and space gray hues.

More durable body

Though the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same as their respective predecessors,
they are made of stronger material. Apple has used aircraft-grade 7000 aluminium
alloy, which is less dense and lighter than standard metals used in smartphones,
but is up to 60% stronger.

Apple has also said that the glass used in the touchscreen this time is stronger
than ever before.

Faster processor

The new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus pack the new 64-bit A9 chip with integrated M9
motion coprocessor under the hood, which processes apps 70% faster and graphics
90% faster according to Apple.

Faster fingerprint sensor

Apple says that the TouchID fingerprint sensor used in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is
twice as fast as the one used in previous iPhones and iPads.

Improved 4G and Wi-Fi performance

Apple has upgraded the wireless chips in iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus too, which
can download/upload data twice as fast compared to last year's models. The two
iPhones now support up to 23 4G LTE bands.

Price

Apple said the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will cost the same as their predecessors;
iPhone 6S' 16, 64 and 128GB variants will cost $199, $299 and $399 on contract,
while the iPhone 6S Plus' three variants have been priced at $299, $399 and $499
respectively.

iPhone 5S has become the new entry-level model and will be available free on
contract in the US, whereas iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (16GB variants only) will cost
$99 and $199, respectively.

The unlocked iPhone 6S Plus will cost $649, $749 and $849 for the 16, 32, and
64GB variants. Similarly, iPhone 6S Plus unlocked will cost $749, $849 and $949
for the three storage options.

Availability

Pre-orders for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus start on September 12 in the US, the
UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. The
smartphones will hit the stores on September 25. There is no word yet on the
India launch of the new models.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

The best places to make a trade-in for an iPhone 6

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 702 words


Now that the initial burst of orders for Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus is
starting to fade away, some stores are actually able to hold the new phones in
stock.

Sadly, a lot of the best trade-in deals have expired. But if you're looking to
pick up a new iPhone and want to get some cash (or at least store credit) for
your old one, here's a rundown of retailers that are still willing to give you
special deals if you buy an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

Wal-Mart:  America's largest retailer is kicking off its iPhone 6 trade-in
program in more than 3,000 of its stores across the country. If your phone (
iPhone or Android) is in particularly good condition, you can get double its
trade-in value to use toward a new iPhone on AT&T, Verizon or Sprint on a
two-year plan.

The deal, which runs from Sunday to Oct. 18, applies only if your phone has a
trade-in value of $200 or less, as determined by your local Wal-Mart. An iPhone
with a value of $100, for example, would get you $200 in store credit toward the
newest models.

AT&T:  AT&T will give you up to $300 in trade-in value for your old iPhone
toward an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus as long as you act before Oct. 31. The
carrier will offer you a $300 promo card for an iPhone 5s, $200 for an iPhone 5
or 5c, and $100 for an iPhone 4 or 4s. You can choose to put the new phone on a
traditional plan, unlocked, or AT&T Next plan - which is for consumers who want
to upgrade their devices frequently.

Verizon:  Verizon is still offering an iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus trade-in deal,
promising to give you a $300 gift card for your old iPhone 5s and $200 for an
iPhone 5c, iPhone 4 or iPhone 4s. The offer stands through Oct. 15 and is also
good for new iPhones that are unlocked, on a two-year contract or on the
company's fast-upgrade plan, Verizon Edge.

Sprint:  Playing some hardball, Sprint is offering a deal to people who want to
switch carriers. The carrier will actually buy out family plans from other
carriers and give consumers a Visa prepaid card worth up to $350 per line. The
deal applies only to "customers who bring their number from another carrier and
activate an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus on the Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan." The
offer is only available at Sprint stores or by calling Sprint's sales team, and
only through Oct. 31. Plus, prepaid cards can take up to 12 weeks to arrive, so
budget that in.

T-Mobile:  In a move that should not surprise anyone, T-Mobile is also
aggressively targeting its competitors with its trade-in deal. T-Mobile promises
"over $350" for an eligible iPhone 5s and also promises to match any trade-in
value you might get from AT&T, Verizon or Sprint.

"If you do find a better trade-in value from AT&T, Verizon, or Sprint, we will
beat it and pay out the difference," the company promises on its trade-in page.
"Plus, for a limited time we'll give you $50, so you can trade up to the new
device you want today." T-Mobile hasn't given an end date for this promotion but
said it's for a "limited time."

eBay:  If you're looking to sell your phone on eBay, the online retailer is
still offering a pretty good deal, promising that it will give you a $100 coupon
for your phone even if you can't sell it. It is also boasting that phones are
selling for up to $400 on the site - that plum price is for a 64GB iPhone 5s in
"excellent" condition - and claims that, overall, its top price is up to $200
better than the average price sellers are getting from other trade-in programs.
This deal ends Oct. 24, and you only have 14 days to redeem your $100 coupon if
your phone doesn't sell.

Other options:  There are several other resellers online such as Gazelle and
Amazon, or you can take your chances on the open market with Craigslist. Before
you do that, be sure to deactivate the "Find my iPhone" service and wipe the
data from your phone. It's also always a good idea to pop out your SIM card
(subscriber identity module card).

There are also a ton of other retailers that have trade-in programs - Target,
GameStop, RadioShack, Best Buy and Apple itself to name a few - so even if you
missed the best iPhone trade-in deals, you should still be able to get something
for your old phone.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Better battery life on the way

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 149 words


If your iPhone runs out of juice earlier in the day than you like, Apple's new
iPhones probably made you really happy Tuesday.

Set for release on Sept. 19, the iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch screen, and larger
iPhone 6 Plus, has a 5.5-inch screen.

Thanks to the bigger body, the battery life for the iPhone 6 Plus "is
significantly better," than the previous iPhone 5s, says Gene Munster, an
analyst with Piper Jaffray. "Battery life (on the iPhone 6 Plus) will be a big
selling point for people."

The battery life on the smaller iPhone 6 will be only "marginally" better than
the 5s, says Munster. Apple put up a chart at its iPhone event unveiling of how
battery life will be different. Apple says video playback on the iPhone 6 will
be 11% less taxing on the battery than the iPhone 5s, vs. a 14% improvement on
the larger iPhone, while talk time goes 14% longer on  iPhone 6, vs. 24% for the
iPhone Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Early reviews heap praise on big-screen iPhones

BYLINE: AFP

LENGTH: 564 words


Early reviews of Apple iPhone 6 models to be released on Friday sang praises of
the large-screen handsets, proclaiming that bigger truly is better.

"The public asked for bigger and Apple delivered not only bigger but better,
too," tech news website Slash Gear said in its review.



"A stunning Retina HD display, blisteringly fast A8 processor, and class-leading
connectivity make these the best iPhones ever."

Mixed in with details about improvements to cameras and screens was advice that
would-be buyers inclined to use Apple s as, well, phones, should opt for an
iPhone 6 instead of its bigger-screened brother the iPhone 6 Plus.

"There are a couple of reasons why the Apple iPhone 6 Plus might also be too big
for me to purchase," Lauren Goode wrote in a review at Recode.net.

"But I have to admit it: I'm tempted. I really like this phone. And to people
who actually prefer huge smartphones: You are going to like this phone, too."

Reviewers said that while the iPhone 6 Plus was a weighty handful, Apple
tastefully modified the design to make it comfortable to hold and use.

TechCrunch referred to the iPhone 6 Plus as the "first truly well-designed big
smartphone."

To view more pictures of the new Apple iPhone 6, click on the link below:
http://www.timesofoman.com/PhotoGallery/apple-iphone6

Pre-orderfrenzy
NewiPhone6modelsboostscreensizesinwhatsomeseeasthecompanycatchinguptoa" phablet"
trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and is due to
soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet."

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus is 5.5 inches, allowing
Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

"Apple hasn't fumbled," David Pogue of Yahoo Tech news said in a review.

"Its two new iPhones are excellent. Beautiful. State of the art. Worthy heirs to
the iPhone throne."

Some reviewers noted that the iPhone 6 Plus is pricier than rival phablets, and
that the latest Apple smartphones cost tidy sums if prices are not offset by
telecom firms in exchange for locking into service contracts.

Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

The California tech giant said more than four million pre-orders were received
in the 24 hours after the new devices went on sale last Friday.


"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," Apple said in a statement.

The announcement means Apple may see shortages and long lines at its retail
stores when sales begin on Friday.

Sales are set to open at 8 am local time in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and Britain. Some 20 more
countries will get the iPhone September 26.
Some of the new iPhones will also be available from carriers and other
retailers.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      December 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple to launch 3 iPhone 6S in 2015, one of these could be iPhone 6S mini

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 376  words


Apple sure ditched the 4-inch display screen size in favor of bigger display
screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches with the Iphone 6 and 6 Plus launched in
September 2014. But the company could soon launch a new 'MINI' iPhone with 4
inch display, latest rumors indicate.

In year 2014, Apple introduced two bigger handsets in the market, Iphone 6
launched this year started at INR 53,500 and iPhone 6 Plus started selling at
INR 62,500. The iPhone 5S launched in 2013 too was introduced at a price of INR
53,500 in India but the prices. But Apple did introduce easy installment
schemes, easy buy offers in association with network service providers like
Reliance and Airtel. With these, the Cupertino giant also reduced the prices of
the older handsets, and it also reduced the price of iPhone 4S 8GB model below
INR 25K to gain a foothold in budget markets, like India.

This time however it could alter its plans and could actually bring back the
4-inch iPhone as a new device in 2015. According to a news report in PCmag Cowen
and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri, in a note to investors this week has said
that "Apple may be working on three versions of the iPhone for 2015." These
could be a  successor of the 4.7 inch iPhone 6 (could be called iPhone 6S), a
successor of the 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus (could be called iPhone 6S Plus) and a
new 4 incher model in line with the new iPhone 6 design profile (could be called
iPhone 6S mini).

The specs could be similar to the iPhone 5S, says this report, but with similar
looks like the iPhone 6. Note that the iPhone 5S has sharp corners, but with the
iPhone 6 Apple used rounded corners and edges on the new iPhones.

What is also interesting is that Apple in year 2013 launches an iPhone 5S and
iPhone 5C (colourful iPhones). While the iPhone 5S were a huge success, the
iPhone 5C lagged behind its brother. The weak sales prompted Apple to reduce the
orders for iPhone 5C, according to a report in AppleInsider.

This iPhone did not get an upgrade this year. By November, this year media
reports said Apple would stop the production of iPhone 5C in year 2015. This
news also gives strength to the rumours that Apple could bring in the 4 inch
display as a cheaper option in a new handset, that could replace iPhone 5C.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      December 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple could launch an iPhone 6S 'MINI' in 2015 with a 4-inch display

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 376  words


Apple sure ditched the 4-inch display screen size in favor of bigger display
screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches with the Iphone 6 and 6 Plus launched in
September 2014. But the company could soon launch a new 'MINI' iPhone with 4
inch display, latest rumors indicate.

In year 2014, Apple introduced two bigger handsets in the market, Iphone 6
launched this year started at INR 53,500 and iPhone 6 Plus started selling at
INR 62,500. The iPhone 5S launched in 2013 too was introduced at a price of INR
53,500 in India but the prices. But Apple did introduce easy installment
schemes, easy buy offers in association with network service providers like
Reliance and Airtel. With these, the Cupertino giant also reduced the prices of
the older handsets, and it also reduced the price of iPhone 4S 8GB model below
INR 25K to gain a foothold in budget markets, like India.

This time however it could alter its plans and could actually bring back the
4-inch iPhone as a new device in 2015. According to a news report in PCmag Cowen
and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri, in a note to investors this week has said
that "Apple may be working on three versions of the iPhone for 2015." These
could be a  successor of the 4.7 inch iPhone 6 (could be called iPhone 6S), a
successor of the 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus (could be called iPhone 6S Plus) and a
new 4 incher model in line with the new iPhone 6 design profile (could be called
iPhone 6S mini).

The specs could be similar to the iPhone 5S, says this report, but with similar
looks like the iPhone 6. Note that the iPhone 5S has sharp corners, but with the
iPhone 6 Apple used rounded corners and edges on the new iPhones.

What is also interesting is that Apple in year 2013 launches an iPhone 5S and
iPhone 5C (colourful iPhones). While the iPhone 5S were a huge success, the
iPhone 5C lagged behind its brother. The weak sales prompted Apple to reduce the
orders for iPhone 5C, according to a report in AppleInsider.

This iPhone did not get an upgrade this year. By November, this year media
reports said Apple would stop the production of iPhone 5C in year 2015. This
news also gives strength to the rumours that Apple could bring in the 4 inch
display as a cheaper option in a new handset, that could replace iPhone 5C.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Wolverton: New iPhone 6 offers fans a big step up

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 786 words


With its new iPhones, Apple added more than just bigger displays. But I suspect
those big screens will be more than enough to entice plenty of iPhone fans to
upgrade.

Apple began selling the new devices -- the iPhone 6 and the jumbo-size iPhone 6
Plus -- on Friday. I've been testing both for the better part of a day and have
liked what I've seen so far. I've not had the phones long enough to test all
their features or Apple's claims about them, but I've used them long enough to
get some strong first impressions.

The most obvious difference between the new iPhones and their predecessors is,
of course, the size of their screens. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, which
is about 38 percent larger than that in the iPhone 5s. The iPhone 6 Plus,
meanwhile, has a 5.5-inch display, which is about 88 percent bigger than last
year's model.

The new displays put the iPhones more or less in line with their Android rivals,
such as Samsung's Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4, and allow them to much more
easily display text, photos and videos. Reading documents and emails on the new
models was a joy compared to reading them on my iPhone 5s.

Apple has tweaked iOS 8 to take advantage of the extra large screen on the 6
Plus. When users rotate the device so it's positioned horizontally, iOS will
rotate the home screen too. Inside particular apps, iOS will split the screen to
show more information. In the Mail app, for example, users can see both the list
of messages in their inbox and the full text of a particular message.

These are tricks Apple borrowed from the iPad, and they work well on the new
phone.

In addition to their bigger screens, the new phones offer a revamped design,
with edges that curve right into the glass of their displays. And the new
devices are actually thinner than their predecessors, helping keep their overall
size down.

I'm not a big fan of jumbo-size devices, so the iPhone 6 Plus still feels too
big in my hands. But thanks in part to its svelte shape, the regular iPhone 6
feels like it is just about the right size.

The other significant advantage of a larger phone is that it provides room for a
higher capacity battery. Apple claims that the iPhone 6 will provide up to 14
hours of talk time and the iPhone 6 Plus up to 24 hours, compared to just 10
hours on the iPhone 5s. I didn't get a chance to verify those claims, but the
iPhone 6 Plus did last through all my tests without needing to recharge, despite
not starting with a full battery.

The other big feature that sets the new models apart from their predecessors is
the ability to make wireless payments with the new Apple Pay service. Borrowing
yet another page from its Android rivals, Apple has included in the new devices
a near-field communications antenna, which is the standard method for such
payments. At special registers, users will be able to pay for items with their
credit or debit card accounts by merely pointing their phones at them and
touching the phone's fingerprint sensors.

Unfortunately, early adopters won't be able to use the new feature because Apple
isn't slated to turn on Apple Pay until sometime next month.

Apple has also upgraded the camera system on the new phones. One of their most
impressive features is a superfast new autofocus system. The camera appears to
take about half as much time to focus on subjects as that in the iPhone 5s and
can switch nearly instantaneously from macro to distance shots and back again.
The feature is particularly noticeable when shooting video, as it continuously
and quickly adjusts the focus without users needing to manually tap on the
screen.

The new phones will also shoot regular video at up to 60 frames per second and
slow-motion videos at up to 240 frames per second -- up from 30 and 120 frames
per second, respectively, in the iPhone 5s -- offering amazing new views of fast
action. Both also offer enhanced image stabilization, which is supposed to help
reduce jerkiness in videos and compensate for fast-moving subjects in pictures.
However, I wasn't able to tell much of a difference over last year's phone.

Many of the new phones' other features are less noticeable, but will likely
improve your experience with them. They have significantly faster processors and
support faster data rates over both Wi-Fi and cellular networks. They also
support Voice over LTE, a new standard for making voice calls that will finally
allow users of Verizon and Sprint iPhones to surf the Internet while talking on
the phone.

I liked what I saw of the new iPhones -- particularly the regular iPhone 6. Big
screens may be old hat for Android users, but I think they're going to be a
welcome change for iPhone fans.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or www.apple.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: Apple's iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus (L)
phones are shown together at a Verizon store in Orem, Utah on September 18, 2014
in Orem, Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on sale tomorrow September 20, 2014.
(Photo by George Frey/Getty Images
OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: An Apple iPhone 6 space gray, is shown here at a
Verizon store on September 18, 2014 in Orem, Utah. Apples new iPhone 6's go on
sale tomorrow September 20, 2014. (Photo by George Frey/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                                October 17, 2014

Vodafone announces launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 341  words


One of the most hotly anticipated launches of the year - that of Apple's iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus - is just around the corner. Vodafone today announced that
it will be offering both these products in store from Friday 24 October.

The iPhone 6 is the new version of iPhone that Apple is describing as being not
only bigger but "simply better in any way" than anything that has come before.
According to Apple, the iPhone 6 represents the perfect fusion of design and
function with "one continuous form where hardware and software function in
perfect unison, creating a new generation of iPhone that's better by any
measure."

Given the iconic status of the iPhone it is not surprising that interest has
been very strong in Malta, with Apple fans waiting eagerly to get their hands on
the iPhone 6 as soon as possible.

"Interest was evident quite a while back when the iPhone 6 was launched in other
countries, with Vodafone customers asking about its availability in our retail
outlets and call centre for the past weeks," said Luan Vella, Terminals Senior
Executive from Vodafone Malta. "As Vodafone Malta we are proud to be the only
Apple authorized reseller of iPhones offering a 2 year warranty on the phones in
Malta. This helps us provide our customers the latest technology accompanied by
the best service and offers on the Maltese Islands." He added that "With our
high speed and reliable network and our great value plans, Vodafone customers
can be assured of a great experience at great value."

Apple's iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus  are being launched for all Vodafone
customers in three different colours: grey, gold and silver

Vodafone customers can beat the queue by pre-registering their iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus from Friday 17 October at www.vodafone.com .mt. For more
information, visit one of Vodafone's retail outlets across Malta and Gozo, call
247 from a Vodafone line or 9999 9247 from any other line, or visit or log onto
Vodafone Malta's Facebook Page. For more information on the iPhone 6, please
visit: www.apple.com /iphone.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2014 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Scottish Daily Mail

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Great iPhone debacle...new handset bends in your pocket say customers

BYLINE: Ben Spencer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 568 words


APPLE is facing claims that its new thinner iPhones can bend out of shape in the
pocket.

The problem is especially pronounced for the £620 iPhone 6 Plus, which has a
slimline body but a supersized screen.

Pictures and videos of warped and damaged iPhones swept the internet yesterday
as hundreds of users realised their new smartphones were ruined.

One video, uploaded to YouTube by Lewis Hilsenteger of US website Unbox Therapy,
shows the iPhone 6 Plus bending under the pressure of his fingers alone. Last
night the video had been viewed more than 13.8million times.

One new iPhone 6 Plus user told the MacRumors website that his phone had become
irreversibly bent after he sat on it during a long drive.

'The 6 Plus was about 18 hours in my pocket while sitting mostly,' he said. 'As
I lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the drive,
I saw the reflection of the window in the iPhone slightly distorted.' Bent
phones appeared to work as normal, but some screens shattered if they were
forced back into shape.

The problem has echoes of the launch of the iPhone 4 in 2010, when Apple was
forced to give new owners a free case to solve an antenna problem.

The new models - the 6¼-inch iPhone 6 Plus and 5½-inch iPhone 6 - sold more than
10million in the three days after they were launched last Friday, breaking
records for opening weekend sales.

There is no suggestion that a phone would bend if it was not put under sustained
pressure, but many users will be concerned at the new models' apparent lack of
robustness.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the £539 iPhone 6, which are both about a quarter of an
inch thick, are each housed in a single piece of lightweight moulded aluminium
alloy - a feature that commentators say is behind the lack of durability.

Apple yesterday refused to comment on the reported problems. But the weak area
of the phone appears to be around the volume buttons where the frame is at its
thinnest.

Many of the images of damaged phones appear to show the bends occurring where
segments of the shell were cut out to make room for the buttons. When
significant and prolonged pressure is placed on the phone, the buttons seem to
create a fulcrum point around which the phone bends.

Industry analysts said that if consumers want lightweight phones with ever
bigger screens, they might have to stop putting them in their pockets.

Apple is not the first to have the problem of smartphones bending as firms try
to put larger screens on thinner and lighter bodies. Sony's Xperia Z1 drew
complaints that it bent in pockets, and there were similar problems with the
Samsung Galaxy S4 and the Black-Berry Q10.

b.spencer@dailymail.co.uk Facts and figures: The iPhone 6 Plus ?CASE: Made from
a single piece of aluminium alloy rather than plastic, which would be more
robust ?SCREEN: The supersized 5½-inch HD Retina screen is Apple's biggest yet,
following competitors' success with larger models ?LENGTH: The phone is 6¼
inches long - nearly 1½ inches longer than the iPhone 5 - creating more
potential for the body to bend under pressure ?THICKNESS: At about a quarter of
an inch thick, it is a shade slimmer than the iPhone 5 ?WEIGHT: Just over 6oz
?COST: £619 for a 16GB model, £699 for 64GB and £789 for 128GB ? SALES: There
are no UK sales figures yet but more than 1,000 queued outside Apple's Covent
Garden store in London on Friday morning to get one

'Stop putting them in pockets'

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Warped: Picture posted on the internet showing bent iPhone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMLscot


                    Copyright 2014 Associated Newpapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 8:03 AM GMT

Apple pulls iOS 8 update after flood of complaints that it BLOCKS iPhone calls;

Apple has said it will stop providing the software update, only hours after it
was released

BYLINE: By Steve Robson

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 499 words


Apple has been forced to withdraw the new iOS 8 software update only hours after
its release - after iPhone owners complained it BLOCKED calls.

The tech giant said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing yesterday, to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating
system for iPhones and iPads.

It comes after owners of the new iPhone 6 reported the new model is susceptible
to bending.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to
users "as quickly as we can".

Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS
8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS
devices.

Tweet iphone calls

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

It is not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with
subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing with reports that the aluminium shell
of the iPhone 6 Plus was vulnerable to bending.

Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after
several hours in a trouser pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is
slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade chief marketing officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two employees at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones.

One, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while the other, a
woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function normally.

iPhone bends videos

Mr Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," he said, "but it seems
like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending was not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added: "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the bending reports.

Apple later offered users a way to manually reverse the update provided earlier.

It involves connecting the phone to a Mac or Windows computer and downloading a
file to restore the older software. Apple's web page with instructions is on
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT6487.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       October 7, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Jio to Bring IPHONE 7, IPHONE 7 Plus to India with Unprecedented Experience

LENGTH: 459  words


Oct. 7 -- Welcome to the next gen iPhones on the only-4G all-IP network in
India. Jio announced it will offer the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best,
most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and
water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 Fusion chip, which is
the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life
ever in an iPhone.

All Jio customers purchasing a new iPhone will receive 12 months of Jio Digital
Services complimentary with purchase. This offer will be available for new
iPhone purchases across all Reliance Digital stores and select Apple Premium
Resellers (APR) and Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio. "Jio is
India's 4G-only network, providing high- speed internet across India. The true
power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the Jio
network."

For the first time on a mobile network in India, iPhone customers on the Jio
Network will be able to watch 300+ channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime
and enjoy high definition voice calling.

Exceptional Service Experience

Home Delivery and Activation: Convenient and personalized Jio SIM activation
experience at your doorstep

Express priority experience at Jio stores: Walk into any Reliance Digital store
and get access to priority Jio SIM activation

Jio for iPhone Customers

Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of
complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited
local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB
of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio
Applications.

Great Value Proposition for Enterprise

All Enterprise customers can get an exclusive discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone 7
plus iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff
plans. Details available on www.jio.com/apple

Both the above offers have been brought to you by Reliance Retail.

IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. Customers can pre-order
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in Reliance Digital
stores and online at www.jio.com/apple. IPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability, please visit: www.jio.com/apple. For more information
on iPhone, please visit: www.apple.com/in/iphone/.

Source: Reliance Retail

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Phone camera face-off

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Spotlight

LENGTH: 255 words


Since the original iPhone was launched, no other smartphone camera has come
close to matching Apple's flagship mobile device in speed, details, colours and
ease of use.

Until now.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 came close last year to matching the iPhone 6 Plus in
camera smarts.

Now, with the cameras in its Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge, Samsung has done it.
With their f1.9 aperture, the cameras in both S6 devices do better than that of
the iPhone 6 Plus, especially in low light.

The difference in daytime results is not as marked. But the S6's 16MP camera
delivers greater details than the camera in the iPhone 6 Plus.

When Samsung simplified the user interface, options to record video in slow and
fast motion are no longer buried under pages of menus.

These following images were shot with default settings and HDR off.

By Sherwin Loh

Samsung Galaxy 6

iPhone 6 Plus

Image Set 1

This indoor shot of Seletar Mall shows the prowess of the f1.9 aperture of the
lens of the Samsung Galaxy S6's camera, compared with f2.2 on the iPhone 6 Plus.

A wider aperture allows more light in, producing brighter images in low-light
conditions.

In the shot from the Galaxy S6, all levels of the mall are well lit, whereas the
image from the iPhone 6 Plus has a blue tinge.

Samsung Galaxy 6

-- ST PHOTOS: SHERWIN LO

iPhone 6 Plus

Image Set 2

Under normal indoor lighting, both cameras produced beautiful shots with great
details and contrast.

The S6 offers a whiter colour balance, giving it a more natural look. The iPhone
image has a more yellowish hue.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 lsraeli launch price among world's highest;
The price in Israel is NIS 1,100 more than in the US.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 403 words


Apple will launch its new iPhone models in Israel, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
next week. The iPhone 6 price in Israel, NIS 3,800, will be higher than the NIS
3,600 price for the iPhone 5s when it was launched, and more than in most
countries. The importers profit from the high price in two ways: first of all
because Israeli consumers will buy the phone without blinking an eye, and
secondly because it also affects the price of the previous model. While the
iPhone 5s is sold at an official price of NIS 3,400, the higher initial price
for the iPhone 6 will enable the chains to avoid reducing the iPhone 5s price by
anything more than a minimal amount, while maintaining a price gap between the
new and previous models that is perceived as reasonable. While the launch price
in the US for the iPhone models is fixed, in Israel it varies. The iPhone 4s set
the record of NIS 4,300 when it was launched in December 2011, while the iPhone
5, launched in December 2012, was sold for NIS 3,800, NIS 500 less.

Another iPhone importer, C-Data, entered the market last year, in addition to
the large mobile carriers and importer iDigital. The entry of the new importer,
however, did not change the price of the devices.

They pay NIS 1,100 less in the US

The iPhone 6 costs NIS 2,700 in the US, and the price gap with Israel for the 16
gigabyte version is NIS 1,100. The gap for the iPhone 6 Plus is even greater: it
sells for NIS 3,100 in the US and NIS 1,300 more than that in Israel.

The difference in price between the two new models is also greater in Israel:
NIS 600, compared with NIS 400 in the US.

The reason for the difference

The importers must pay 35% tax to the state, which pushes the price up
significantly. The country where the iPhones are cheapest is Japan, where the
iPhone 6 sells for NIS 2,360 and the iPhone 6 Plus for NIS 2,780. Perhaps the
fact that people in the US also have someone to envy is of some comfort.

One country where iPhone prices are similar to those in Israel is Turkey, where
people pay NIS 3,800 for the iPhone 6, the same price as in Israel, and NIS
4,500 for the iPhone 6 Plus, NIS 100 more than in Israel.

Some chains are already exploiting the public's lack of information and patience
by selling the iPhone 6 at NIS 4,500, and even more.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
October 14, 2014

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Fastest iPhone roll-out ever: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to arrive in 36 more
countries by October

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 331  words


Apple has officially announced that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will arrive in 36
additional countries and territories across Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Latin
America and Africa by the end of October. Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will
be available in a total of 69 countries and territories by the end of the month
and are on track to be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the
year, making this the fastest iPhone roll-out ever.

Apple's fastest-ever iPhone roll-out continues on the following dates:

" Friday, October 17: China, India and Monaco

" Thursday, October 23: Israel

" Friday, October 24: Czech Republic, French West Indies, Greenland, Malta,
Poland, Reunion Island and South Africa

" Thursday, October 30: Bahrain and Kuwait

" Friday, October 31: Albania, Bosnia, Croatia, Estonia, Greece, Guam, Hungary,
Iceland, Kosovo, Latvia, Lithuania, Macau, Macedonia, Mexico, Moldova,
Montenegro, Serbia, South Korea, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine and
Thailand iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space grey, and is available in India
for a maximum retail price of Rs. 53,500 inclusive of VAT for the 16GB model,
Rs. 62,500 inclusive of VAT for the 64GB model and a new 128GB model for Rs
71,500 inclusive of VAT.

iPhone 6 Plus comes in gold, silver or space grey, and is available for a
suggested retail price of Rs. 62,500 inclusive of VAT for the 16GB model, Rs.
71,500 inclusive of VAT for the 64GB model and Rs. 80,500 inclusive of VAT for
the new 128GB model.

Both models will be available from select carriers and select Apple Authorised
Resellers.

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are already available in Australia, Austria,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Isle of
Man, Italy, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the UK, the US and the US
Virgin Islands.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 8:03 AM GMT

Apple iOS 8: More problems for tech giant as new software update BLOCKS iPhone
calls;
Apple has said it will stop providing the software update, only hours after it
was released

BYLINE: By Steve Robson

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 499 words


Apple has been forced to withdraw the new iOS 8 software update only hours after
its release - after iPhone owners complained it BLOCKED calls.

The tech giant said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing yesterday, to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating
system for iPhones and iPads.

It comes after owners of the new iPhone 6 reported the new model is susceptible
to bending.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to
users "as quickly as we can".

Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS
8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS
devices.

Tweet iphone calls

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

It is not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with
subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing with reports that the aluminium shell
of the iPhone 6 Plus was vulnerable to bending.

Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after
several hours in a trouser pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is
slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade chief marketing officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two employees at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones.

One, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while the other, a
woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function normally.

iPhone bends videos

Mr Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," he said, "but it seems
like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending was not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added: "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the bending reports.

Apple later offered users a way to manually reverse the update provided earlier.

It involves connecting the phone to a Mac or Windows computer and downloading a
file to restore the older software. Apple's web page with instructions is on
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT6487.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

Vodafone launches iPhone 6 smartphones

LENGTH: 375  words


Vodafone Qatar has officially launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
smartphones in the country. An exclusive midnight event at the Villaggio Mall
saw "hundreds of people" showing up at the company's store to own the latest
smartphones from Apple.

Vodafone Qatar has officially launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
smartphones in the country.

An exclusive midnight event, which saw "hundreds of people" showing up at the
company's store located at Villaggio Mall, marked the moment, which Vodafone
Qatar said, " everyone was eagerly waiting for".

Those who have pre-ordered online and wanted to be some of the firsts to pick up
their favourite handset, in addition to others who wished to purchase an iPhone
6 or an iPhone 6 Plus on the spot, joined the Vodafone team for the chance to be
part of a memorable event.

Timed with the launch, Vodafone launched great data offers to both postpaid and
prepaid customers who are purchasing an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus allowing them
to enjoy Qatar's newest 4G network, Vodafone 4G. Additionally, ten lucky
customers won their mobile phone bill paid for an entire year.

At the event, Vodafone announced that all new and existing Vodafone Red postpaid
customers will get to enjoy unlimited local data for 12 months with their new
iPhone. The 12 months of unlimited data with the iPhone 6 is available on all
Red plans, M, L, XL and VIP.

Postpaid customers, who are not on a Red plan, would also receive 15GB of local
data per month for a period of three months, for free.

Furthermore, Vodafone Prepaid customers will receive 6GB of local data for free
for three months while those who are moving their existing non-Vodafone number
to Vodafone Prepaid will get unlimited local data for 90 days, for free.

Vodafone Qatar Chief Commercial Officer Marc Norris said: "We are very proud to
have launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Qatar. We were extremely happy
to see a great number of people joining us in celebrating this event, held
exclusively at Qatar's most popular mall- Villaggio. We have timed the launch
with a fantastic data offer to both our new and existing Postpaid and Prepaid
customers in order to guarantee a most enjoyable experience, on Vodafone 4G, as
soon as they activate their handset."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2014 Gulf Times Newspaper
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, Samsung Galaxy S7, S6 and more: Top deals on premium
smartphones

BYLINE: Varun Sharma

LENGTH: 864  words


Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge: Best
online deals on the premium smartphones.

The festive season is on, and so are some of the best deals on smartphones this
year. The smartphone market has seen the launch of a few flagship devices like
the Apple iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, and has also seen the demise of another -
Samsung Galaxy Note 7. We went through the top three e-retailer websites in
India (Amazon, Snapdeal and Flipkart) to find you the best deals on flagship
phones - new and old, and the best offers you can get at the moment. We will be
focusing on phones from the three big tech giants - Apple, Samsung and Google.
Of course with the Note 7 out of the way, S7 and S7 edge are the flagships from
Samsung.

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, 6 deals

Apple last month launched its much awaited iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and the
devices landed on our shore on October 7. Of course, Apple has priced the
devices at a level that is higher than most other phones; even though it has
launched them at a slightly lower price than last year if you consider the
storage space has doubled.

However, the good news is that the older devices from the company have seen a
price cut after the arrival of the iPhone 7. The iPhone 5S is still retailing
near Rs 20,000, but remember this is a three year old device before you decide
to hit buy.

But if you prefer the small form factor of the 5S - the iPhone SE might be right
up your alley. The best deal on the 16GB variant of the SE is Rs 31,980 on
Amazon, which is also giving the best deal on the 64GB variant at Rs 39,212.

In you don't look too closely, the Apple iPhone 7 looks similar to the previous
two generations from the company. The 2014 launched iPhone 6 (16GB) is retailing
at Rs 36,990 on both Amazon and Flipkart, but the iPhone 6s (16GB) is now priced
at Rs 38,999 on Amazon and makes a much better deal.

Now it gets a little interesting, there is a Rs 8,000 difference between the
64GB version of both phones. The best deal on iPhone 6 (64GB) is Rs 41,999 on
Amazon, whereas the best deal for the iPhone 6s (64GB) is Rs 49,999 on Snapdeal
and Flipkart. In all honesty, 16GB of non-expandable storage on an iPhone is not
a good idea and it is recommended that go for the 64GB version with these
devices.

If however, you are in the market for the larger 5.5-inch version of the phone,
then the iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) will be the cheapest deal for you at Rs 40,145 on
Amazon. The best price of iPhone 6 Plus (64GB) is Rs 48,989 on Amazon, while the
best price of the iPhone 6s Plus (64GB) is Rs 59,999 on Flipkart. It is
important to know that even though the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus look like the 6s,
they are two year old devices. If your budget allows, try to go for the 6s or
the 6s Plus.

If buying older tech is not your style, the iPhone 7 might be a good fit for
you. The base variant of the iPhone 7 (32GB) is listed at Rs 60,000 on Amazon
and Flipkart. The phone currently shows "Coming Soon" on Flipkart even though
its available on Amazon, but remember that Flipkart is the official e-retailer
for Apple in India. Apple iPhone 7 Plus is currently unavailable across all the
three e-retailers, but is listed at Rs 72,000 (32GB) on Flipkart and is tagged
as "Coming Soon". You might have to try your luck online to get this phone.

Best offers on Samsung

If you are an Android fan and even more so a Samsung fan, you are likely upset
with the Galaxy Note 7 being axed for good. However, the Galaxy S7 and S6 are
still great offerings from the company unless you want to wait for the Galaxy S8
that is expected to launch in February.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge were launched earlier this year and are still the
best Android flagships. The Galaxy S7 (32GB) is available at Rs 43,400 across
all the three e-retailers, so you can choose any of them as per your liking. The
best deal on the Galaxy S7 Edge (32GB) is Rs 50,100, available on Amazon,
although Snapdeal and Flipkart have it listed at Rs 50,900 which is a slight
hike.

Just like Apple's iPhone 6, Samsung's S6 and S6 Edge are still good devices to
invest in as they will perform well. The best offer on the Galaxy S6 (32GB) is
Rs 33,700 which is available on Snapdeal, although Amazon has it at Rs 33,900.

But if you are looking for the larger S6 edge, then your best bet for the 32GB
is Snapdeal where it is priced at Rs 33,775, although Flipkart also has the
phone at Rs 34,900. The best deal on the 64GB variant will be Rs 40,499 on
Amazon, although Snapdeal also has it available for Rs 40,900. On Flipkart, the
pricing is higher at Rs 50,000.

Google Pixel devices

If you are tired of jumping between Apple and Samsung, Google's new Pixel and
Pixel XL might be something you were waiting for. Google has done away with the
'Nexus' name and the new devices are priced just as steeply as Apple and
Samsung's flagships. The phones launch in India October 13, but are already up
for pre-order on Flipkart.

Google Pixel 32GB is priced at Rs 57,000, while the 128GB variant is priced at
Rs 66,000. Google Pixel XL (32GB) will be available at Rs 67,000 and the 128GB
version will be priced at Rs 76,000. Flipkart is offering Rs 27,000 on exchange.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

A quick look at iPhone 6

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 149 words


What: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones     Likes: Big new screens; thin,
lightweight designs; longer battery life, particularly on the 6 Plus;
split-screen viewing in iPhone 6 Plus; much faster autofocus in camera; faster
processors and wireless radios.     Dislikes: iPhone 6 Plus is too big to hold
easily and comfortably in one average-sized hand; one key new feature - Apple
Pay - won't work until next month; entry level models have too little storage
space.     Specs: 64-bit dual-core processors; 4.7-inch, 1334 x 750 pixel screen
(on the iPhone 6); 5.5-inch, 1920 x 1080 pixel screen on (on the 6 Plus);
1.2-megapixel front and 8-megapixel rear cameras.     Price: For iPhone 6 with a
two-year contract: $200, for 16-gigabyte, $300 for 64-gigabyte and $400 for
128-gigabyte models. For iPhone 6 Plus, $300 for 16-gigabyte, $400 for
64-gigabyte and $500 for 128-gigabyte models.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Happy holidays: The iPhone makes its way to phablet territory

BYLINE: Gerard Ramos

LENGTH: 891  words


STEVE JOBS the late founder of Apple, once famously dismissed the competition's
race to shoehorn increasingly bigger screens into smartphones, likening the
endproducts to "Hummers", those luxury SUVs that look like miniaturized
tankssilly, unwieldy and even downright vulgar given the limited road space of
any neighborhood, except perhaps in, say, Dubai.

"No one is going to buy them," Jobs said in a July 2010 news conference.

Fastforward to September 2014 and with millions of "phablets"as these
smartphone/tablet hybrids have come to be callednow in the hands of consumers
worldwide, Apple decided to crash the bigscreen party, unveiling at its
Cupertino, California, headquarters not just the iPhone 6 with its 4.7inch
Retina HD Display but also the iPhone 6 Plusa surprising piece of kit that packs
a 5.5inch screen but with dimensions that push it straight into phablet
territory, rivaled in size only by Sony Xperia T2 Ultra and its 6inch screen
and, before it, the Sony Xperia Z Ultra with its 6.4inch display.

Not surprisingly, these latest releases from Apple have found their way into the
postpaid subscriber offerings portfolio of Globe Telecom, the leading wireless
communications provider around these parts which forged a hugely successful
partnership with Apple beginning with the release of the firstgeneration iPhone
in 2007.

In a statement released to the media, Globe Telecom Senior Vice President for
Consumer Mobile Marketing Issa Cabreira said, "Finally, the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus have arrived in the Philippines and Globe is beaming with excitement to
bring the latest iPhones to Filipinos. With our longstanding partnership with
Apple, we are poised to provide a complete digital experience to consumers:
bestinclass postpaid plans, exclusive privileges and the biggest rewards, and a
complete suite of valueadded services and apps."

In its revised pricing offer particularly for the iPhone 6 Plus, which was made
effective on December 22, Globe now offers the bigscreened sibling of the iPhone
6 at Plan999 with a monthly cashout of P1,250 for 24 months. With the plan comes
the following: unlimited calls and texts to Globe/TM and GoSURF499 with 1.5GB of
data monthly. With a GoSURF499 subscription, customers get a Navigation Bundle
for unlimited access to Accuweather, Google Maps, GrabTaxi, MMDA app, and Waze;
1GB of Globe Cloud; onemonth access to Wattpad; a month's access to NBA League
Pass; and threemonth access to Spotify Premium.

The carrier's socalled Reset program, which allows existing postpaid customers
to renew or extend their existing account to get the latest babies from
Cupertino, is available until today, December 31.

Globe loaned us an iPhone 6 Plus to play with during the holidays, and what can
we say?

It is BIGmeasuring 6.22 inches in height and 3.06 inches in width, there's no
other way to describe it. While the iPhone 6 Plus has the same screen size as
that of the bestselling LG G3, the Plus is notably taller and a smidgen wider.

The seemingly unnecessary height can be easily attributed to the fact that Apple
can't simply do away with that round home button that sits just below the screen
of every iPhone and iPad in existence. That said, it is much slimmerjust at 7.67
mm, while LG's flagship comes in at 8.9 mm. No doubt, some would prefer the
modelthin proportions of the iPhone 6 Plus, while others would say the bit of
girth the G3 provides makes it easier to use. Needless to say, mileage among
users with different predilections will vary.

As in earlier iPhone generations, the build quality of the iPhone 6 Plus is
exemplary. The smooth aluminum that wraps the back of our loaner unitin space
gray; gold and silver variants are availableis delicious to the touch, the sides
gently rounded out to seemingly fuse with the shatterproof glass that protects
the LEDbacklit IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. It's a sublime touch that
heightens the sense of premium iPhone users are predisposed to crow about.

And, yes, we have read reports and seen videos of the socalled #Bendgate, with
users despairing about their iPhone 6 Plus emerging bent from their pockets, but
in the couple of weeks we have been toting around the loaner unit in our pocket,
we have yet to discern even the slightest warping. Knock wood.

The display has a 1,080AA¢â(EURO)sÂ¬"1,920 resolution and401 ppi pixel
densityand it is one of the best displays out there in the smartphone/phablet
space, with color and clarity as such that still and moving images appear even
more lifelike. The display also boasts of a new polarizer that makes the screen
quite viewable even under the sun, and Apple also appears to have upped up the
contrast levels from previous iPhones, all these making the overall viewing
experience an absolute delight.

Of course, a bigger screen inevitably impacts battery life, and we don't need to
tell you that the battery woes of iPhone users have been gleefully mocked by
Samsung on several occasions.

Thankfully, Apple saw the wisdom in shoehorning a powerful LiPo 2915 mAh battery
into its first offering in the phablet space, and that has given us a day and a
half of typical usage that includes intermittent browsing and working email and
various social media accounts on LTE and WiFi, and either listening to music or
watching episodes of Downton Abbey, while caught up in mad holiday traffic.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 reveal comes with praise, criticism

BYLINE: Shea Conner, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 846 words


Sept. 15--Apple's new pair of iPhones definitely got bigger, but whether they
got better is entirely up for debate.

When they hit stores on Sept. 19, the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will
certainly offer improvements over the generation of iPhone 5 models. The 6 and 6
Plus will respectively have 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays, larger than the
current 4-inch screen. Notably, both phones will be thinner than the iPhone 5,
with a rounded, more comfortable design. They'll also boast longer battery life.

Both also will have a brand-new 8-megapixel camera, which now has phase-detect
autofocus, a feature that's only recently come to digital cameras without
mirrors. The camera will perform far better in low light, and the iPhone 6 Plus
will shoot video at up to 240 frames per second for creating super slow-mo
shots. The front-facing camera was also given some major upgrades.

Of course, the reason many Apple lovers will make the upgrade is because the
iPhone will run on the clean and basic but advanced iOS 8.

Apple plans to sell the larger 5.5-inch model starting at $299 with a two-year
carrier contract, higher than the $199 price for its current high-end iPhone 5S.
The company says the 4.7-inch iPhone will start at $199 with a contract.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone,"
Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said at the unveiling event on Sept. 9, in which
the Apple Watch smartwatch and the pay system Apple Pay also were announced.

Like any big Apple rollout, however, criticism didn't trail far behind. Many
felt that the iPhone 6 was merely playing catch-up with large smartphones like
the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Some even joked that the new iPhone 6 had almost
identical specifications and features as LG's Google Nexus 4, which was released
nearly two years ago.

There was definitely some truth behind the snide remarks.

The lack of a large screen was becoming a liability for Apple as it tried to
keep its grip on the high-end smartphone market. According to market research
firm Canalys, phones with screens larger than 5 inches accounted for nearly 40
percent of global smartphone shipments in the second quarter of 2014, up 19
percent from a year earlier.

Apple's main smartphone rival, Samsung, pushed aggressively into larger-size
smartphones, using its bigger screens as a key differentiator from the iPhone.
According to Canalys, Samsung is the leading seller of smartphones with screens
of 5 inches or larger, grabbing 34 percent of the market.

So now we arrive at the billion-dollar question: Can the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus reach past the Apple loyalists and regain dominance in the smartphone
market? Here's a sample of what consumer technology experts have had to say.

David Pogue, Yahoo! Tech: "The Android/iPhone religious war will certainly
continue. Each of these ecosystems locks you in, making you grouchy about the
opposing camp's attractive features. But if it's too inflammatory to say that
the iPhone 6 looks fantastic, let's at least say this: Apple fans who'd been
looking longingly at the big-screen progress in Android phones will no longer
feel left behind."

Jean-Baptiste Su, Forbes: "'No one's going to buy a big phone,' mocked Steve
Jobs when asked about large smartphones at a press conference. ... Needless to
say, there's one thing I think we can all agree on: Steve Jobs is probably
rolling in his grave right now."

Rob Enderle, technology analyst: "The iPhone 6 is an attractive me-too product,
but nothing to pull you across. There's no revolution here and Apple is losing
its innovative soul chasing after Android and Windows rivals with bigger-sized
iPhones, while still lagging on fundamental features like screen and camera
resolutions and inductive charging."

Angela Watercutter, Wired: "Amidst all the hoopla over the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus and their motion processors, faster CPUs, and larger screens, it
was also announced that Apple's latest smartphones would have a much better
camera. And while that's great news for those looking to take less-wack selfies
at the bar, the new video features that come along with it mean something else:
a high-quality camera filmmakers -- and those who aspire to be -- can keep in
their pockets.

Jan Dawson, Jackdaw Research: "The new phones should dramatically expand the
size of the opportunity for the iPhone, which has been artificially limited by
its small screen size. The iPhone will now definitely have its largest quarter
ever."

Eugene Kim, PCMag.com: "Apple was obstinate in the face of market forces for
years, but with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, it appears ready to admit that people
want bigger phones. Samsung had a healthy head start, and it certainly has a
winner in the Galaxy S5. We're not calling this one until we get the new iPhones
into our labs."

Shea Conner can be reached at shea.conner@newspressnow.com Follow him on
Twitter: @stjoelivedotcom.

___ (c)2014 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140915-JM-iPhone-6-reveal-comes-with-praise-criticism-0915-20140915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2014 St. Joseph News-Press


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      August 25, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Gadget repair vendor iFixit reports 'Touch Disease' defect affecting iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Nimisha Sachdev

LENGTH: 249  words


Researchers at gadget repair vendor iFixit has recently drawn attention to a
latent manufacturing defect in Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets which
causes the displays of the handsets to behave in a number of erratic ways like
flickering and becoming unresponsive.

The defect has been dubbed by iFixit as 'Touch Disease.'

Revealing that the 'Touch Disease' latent manufacturing defect causing
display-related issues in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets can make
"millions" of iPhones potentially vulnerable, iFixit researchers said that the
defect appears to affect iPhone units indiscriminately.

According to the details shared by iFixit researchers, the 'Touch Disease'
defect appears in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets without any apparent cause
or forewarning, and it mostly manifests itself in the form of visual artifacts
and skewed sensitivity.

As a result of the 'Touch Disease' defect, a thin, gray strip fades in and out,
close to the top-most section of the screens of affected devices. The
problematic strip, which is accompanied by annoying non-responsiveness to touch,
eventually makes the touchscreen completely inoperable.

Explaining the 'Touch Disease' defect in a video, an iFixit spokesman said: "At
first, there may be no defect at all. Later you might notice that the screen is
sometimes unresponsive, but it is quick to come back with a hard reset. As the
crack deepens into a full separation of the chip-board [crack], the periods of
no touch become more frequent."

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 20, 2016

Apple's iPhone SE Is Taking Away Sales From Higher-Priced iPhones

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 294 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Click03-aapl-072016-iStock.j
pg

Apple's[ticker symb=AAPL] lower-cost iPhone SE was meant to expand the company's
market reach to more price-sensitive consumers, but the cheaper handset is
taking away sales from higher-priced iPhones, a report out Wednesday indicates.

Many owners of older-model iPhones are upgrading to the iPhone SE rather than
the iPhone 6 and 6S series handsets, Consumer Intelligence Research Partners
said.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple has an IBD Relative Price Strength Rating of just 19, meaning
it has been outperformed by 81% of stocks in the last 12 months. More
information on Apple stock is available at the IBD Stock Checkup.

In the second quarter, the new iPhone SE accounted for 16% of total U.S. iPhone
sales, with the iPhone 6S at 39% and iPhone 6S Plus at 26%, CIRP said.

"In this quarter, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus accounted for 65% of total sales,"
said Josh Lowitz, CIRP partner and co-founder. "In contrast, a year ago, in the
June 2015 quarter, their predecessors, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, had 82% of total
sales."

A year ago, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus grew their share of total U.S. iPhone sales
relative to the previous quarter, up from 78% in the March 2015 quarter. But in
this year's June quarter, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus saw their share shrink
relative to the March 2016 quarter, to 65% from 71%.

CIRP blamed the iPhone SE for taking away sales of the flagship models.

Apple launched the iPhone SE, which starts at $399, on March 31.

Apple stock rose 0.9% to 99.96 in the stock market today, the third straight day
that it hit or topped 100 intraday but closed below that level. The shares are
down 5% so far in 2016.

RELATED:

Apple App Store Anti-Competitive? Spotify, Sen. Warren Think So

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 15, 2014 Monday 4:20 PM GMT

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus pre-orders smash Apple company records

BYLINE: Standard Reporter

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 364 words


Pre-orders for the next generation of iPhones have smashed company records,
Apple has announced.

First-day orders of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus saw four million units sold
within 24 hours - more than twice as many as for the iPhone 5 when it first went
on sale.

The devices became available to pre-order on Friday after it was unveiled last
week at a huge event in California.

Both devices will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5 inches.

The number of orders appears to have caught the technology giant off-guard, as
the firm stated that some devices might not reach customers until next month.

"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," it said.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who unveiled the new smartphones on stage in Cupertino, said
the figures showed the enduring popularity of the iPhone.

Related stories

He said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are
thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best
iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday."

Stuart Miles, CEO and founder of technology website Pocket-lint, believes that
customers are still drawn to Apple because of the way its products are designed.

"It's clear that people still very much love Apple products and that they really
do want a much bigger screen on their phones, and with four million units
already sold, and presumably thousands more to be sold over the weekend, the
excuses people had for leaving for Android are dwindling fast. It's also clear
that customers, when they can afford it, are happy to pay for design and build
quality over just getting something on the cheap."

Fans keen to get hold of one of the new iPhones have already begun to camp
outside the Regent Street Apple Store in anticipation of the launch on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Mobilink, Ufone offer iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 270

LENGTH: 64  words


Mobilink and Ufone have announced they will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
the biggest advancements in iPhone history, beginning on December 11th, 2014.
Mobilink customers can preorder iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus beginning on 5th
December at www.mobilink.com.pk. Ufone customers can preregister their iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus beginning on November 28th, 2014 at www.ufone.com/iPhone6.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple: 10 million in iPhone sales is just the beginning

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 628 words


CUPERTINO -- Consumers have already snapped up more than 10 million of Apple's
new iPhones, and analysts say the fast start for the bigger phones will mean
bigger sales for the company for the rest of the year.

Apple announced Monday that the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked record sales in the
first three days they were available, besting the 9 million gadgets sold when
the iPhone 5S and 5C debuted in 2013. But unlike last year, Apple reached a new
high without China, where the devices have yet to win regulators' stamp of
approval, and supply appeared to be crimping sales where the new phones were
available. That means Apple has most likely gleaned only a fraction of the
riches its new iPhones promise, analysts say.

"There's no question selling 10 million units of anything over a weekend is
spectacular," said analyst Avi Greengart of Current Analysis. "But that number
just shows Apple's supply. The demand is higher still."

Indeed, Apple CEO Tim Cook suggested that Apple could have topped its own record
by a wider margin, noting in a statement that sales for the opening weekend
"exceeded our expectations."

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said.

Apple did not break down early sales between the two devices, but the 6 Plus,
which boasts a larger screen, sold out early in many locations. Research firm
Piper Jaffray surveyed customers waiting in line Friday in Minneapolis and New
York, finding that 57 percent wanted to buy the 6 Plus.

Lines snaked around Apple stores in the Bay Area and beyond when shelves were
stocked Friday. After netting about $7 billion from sales this weekend, Apple's
revenue may even cross the $200 billion threshold this year, thanks to a boost
from the new phones, said analyst Carl Howe of 451 Research, though that will
most likely happen in 2015. By comparison, Apple generated $171 billion in
revenue in 2013.

"Apple's going to have a monster quarter," said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC
Financial.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus come to market at a time when smartphones are already
the norm, and many customers are ready for their next device, Greengart said.

"There's an installed base that's itching to upgrade," he said.

Sales of the new iPhones began Friday in the U.S., Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K., and will expand
to more than 20 additional countries this week. Analyst Ben Bajarin of Creative
Strategies said he expects Apple to sell its devices in China by year's end,
making for a "really, really big holiday season."

"It's going to be a very merry Christmas," Howe said.

With its new batch of gadgets, Apple is entering the market for "phablets," a
popular category of devices that blur the line between smartphones and tablets.
Samsung and other manufacturers using Google's Android operating system
pioneered the market, attracting some iPhone customers who wanted gadgets with
bigger screens.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract. The 5.5-inch 6 Plus starts at $299 -- $100 more than Apple charged for
its premier phone last year. Those prices, roughly twice that of the average
smartphone, will also enrich Apple's bottom line, analysts say.

Many consumers find larger screens useful for watching videos and playing games.
The size also makes the new phones easy to distinguish from early versions,
satisfying consumers' impulse to show off, Greengart said.

"Let's not discount the impact of human nature too much," he said. "It's more
obvious that you've purchased the latest."

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man wearing a child on his chest (who declined to be identified)
checks out the new iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Chestnut St. in San Francisco,
Calif., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area
News Group)
Elaine Strauss, of San Francisco, is one of the first customers to leave with a
new iPhone 6 from the Apple Store on Chestnut Street in San Francisco, Calif.,
on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area News
Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 10:22 AM GMT

iPhone 6 launch sees people queue through the night - and you won't believe what
happened to the first iPhone 6 owner in Perth, Australia...;
Apple fanatics across the UK camp out to get their hands on latest model

BYLINE: By Samantha Robinson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


Thousands of technology fans up and down the country will get their hands on the
new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets today.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly-anticipated
event in California last week, and customers will be able to buy them from Apple
stores from 8am.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around the world, fans have been queuing throughout the night, with vigils
forming outside apple stores in Hong Kong, Tokyo, Syndney and Germany.

Some Scots even ditched waiting for the independence referendum result result to
wait outside Glasgow's Apple store.

The first person to get their hands on the iPhone 6 in Perth, Australia, was
delighted - until he opened the box and it all went horribly wrong...

Click below to see what happened

First person to get iPhone in Perth drops it on camera

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden yesterday, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

He said: "I read a lot of iPhone blogs and news sites, and because I watched the
keynote presentation a few weeks ago, and there had been rumours about the
launch being this day, so we had planned on going here for quite some time."

Click below for pictures of hardcore fans queuing for the iPhone 6

Apple fans queue for iPhone 6

On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with over four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5 inches.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

Did you queue at Trinity Leeds' Apple store this morning for you iPhone 6?

How far would you go for the latest model?

Let us know in the comments below.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Premium Mobiles Galore, but iPhone may Win Hands Down

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 533 words


Apple's new devices -iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus -are expected to corner a chunk
of the premium market when they are introduced in India on the back of pent up
aspirational demand.The Cupertino-based company's new gadgets could beat back
competition from upcoming launches by leading brands such as Samsung, Sony and
BlackBerry in this low-volume, high-value category of smartphones, say analysts.

The brand's iconic status -besides features such as a larger, crisper screen,
faster processor, better camera and onboard storage of as much as 128 GB -will
continue to draw consumers, analysts add.

"Success of upcoming flagship devices such as iPhone 6 series, BlackBerry and
Xperia Z3 will be quite polarised towards iPhones as the rich urban consumer
will look to get her hands on the most aspirational brand in the market right
now, which is Apple," said Tarun Pathak, a senior research analyst at Hong
Kong-based Counterpoint Research.

Of the two, the iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display could fare better, given
the demand for handsets with larger screen sizes, analysts said.

While there is uncertainty over whether Apple will start selling the new iPhones
in India before or after Diwali, Samsung is set to launch its Note 4 phablet
before the festival of lights. Although the India prices for the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus have not been officially disclosed, they are available in Delhi's
grey market for between .

`1,00,000 and .

`2,00,000, three to four times the expected price, and an indication of the huge
interest in the products. The unlocked, 128 GB iPhone 6 Plus costs $949 (about .

`58,600) in the US, according to Apple's website.

However, launch delays and supply issues given the huge global demand and
"exorbitant pricing" could affect demand for the new iPhones for at least the
next two or three months, Pathak cautioned,

indicating that if Apple missed the upcoming festival season, competitors such
as Samsung and Sony could steal a march over it in the near term. Apple sold
over 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in the three days after the
launch on September 19.

Sony started sales of flagship products Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last
week at .

`51,990 and .

`44,990, respectively, while BlackBerry launched its Passport smartphone on
Monday for .

`49,990. Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA smartphone for .

`39,990 last week.

The new and upcoming launches, which showcase technological advancements and
innovations, could provide a fillip to growth in the premium segment of
smartphones, which start at .

`35,000. Sony has improved its display, hardware and design over the Z2, while
Samsung brought a steel-bodied phone for the first time in the Galaxy Alpha.
BlackBerry's Passport offers a unique square display, which allows greater
reading space, apart from an innovative touch-enabled keyboard that combines a
physical keypad with virtual keypad functions.

According to Counterpoint Research, the market share of smartphones above .

`35,000 was limited to 2.5% in the first quarter till March and fell to 2.3% by
June.

The decline was mainly blamed on the lack of innovation, which wasn't appealing
enough for consumers to replace their already expensive handsets.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Early reviews heap praise on big-screen iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 536 words


Early reviews of Apple iPhone 6 models to be released on Friday sang praises of
the large-screen handsets, proclaiming that bigger truly is better.

"The public asked for bigger and Apple delivered not only bigger but better,
too," tech news website Slash Gear said in its review.

"A stunning Retina HD display, blisteringly fast A8 processor, and class-leading
connectivity make these the best iPhones ever."

Mixed in with details about improvements to cameras and screens was advice that
would-be buyers inclined to use smartphones as, well, phones, should opt for an
iPhone 6 instead of its bigger-screened brother the iPhone 6 Plus.

"There are a couple of reasons why the Apple iPhone 6 Plus might also be too big
for me to purchase," Lauren Goode wrote in a review at Recode.net.

"But I have to admit it: I'm tempted. I really like this phone. And to people
who actually prefer huge smartphones: You are going to like this phone, too."

Reviewers said that while the iPhone 6 Plus was a weighty handful, Apple
tastefully modified the design to make it comfortable to hold and use.

TechCrunch referred to the iPhone 6 Plus as the "first truly well-designed big
smartphone."

- Pre-order frenzy -

New iPhone 6 models boost screen sizes in what some see as the company catching
up to a "phablet" trend combining features of smartphones and tablets.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and is due to
soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 "phablet."

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus is 5.5 inches, allowing
Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

"Apple hasn't fumbled," David Pogue of Yahoo Tech news said in a review.

"Its two new iPhones are excellent. Beautiful. State of the art. Worthy heirs to
the iPhone throne."

Some reviewers noted that the iPhone 6 Plus is pricier than rival phablets, and
that the latest Apple smartphones cost tidy sums if prices are not offset by
telecom firms in exchange for locking into service contracts.

Apple on Monday said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone
models, and that some customers will have to wait for the larger-screen versions
of the smartphones.

The California tech giant said more than four million pre-orders were received
in the 24 hours after the new devices went on sale last Friday.

"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and while a
significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday and
throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in
October," Apple said in a statement.

The announcement means Apple may see shortages and long lines at its retail
stores when sales begin on Friday.

Sales are set to open at 8 am local time in the US, Australia, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and Britain. Some 20 more
countries will get the iPhone September 26.

Some of the new iPhones will also be available from carriers and other
retailers.

Apple last Tuesday unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone, in a move to recapture its role as a trend-setter.

Apple added in a new mobile wallet that will allow consumers to simply tap their
phones to pay retailers.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Leicester Mercury

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Watch out for Apple's newcomers

BYLINE: by Yasmin Duffin and Samantha Fisher

SECTION: NEWS:PEOPLE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 351  words


After months of rumours, Apple has   unveiled its   much-anticipated new iPhone
6.

Not only were fans treated to one new phone but two new phones, plus a watch.

While the iPhone 6 - which will be available to buy in black or gold - is bigger
than previous models, it is dramatically thinner, at  under 7mm thick.

Likewise, the iPhone 6 Plus, or "phablet'' - phone/tablet - as it has been
nicknamed   in the Mercury offices, is a little  more than 7mm thick - despite
it looking more like a small tablet than a phone.

Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your Bubble, said: "If
ever there was a gadget to make the clothing industry reassess its average
pocket size, it's the iPhone 6 Plus.

"Although the iPhone 6 Plus is smaller than its biggest rival - at 5.5 inches to
the Samsung Galaxy Note 4's   5.7 inches".

Both the iPhone 6, which will cost from £539 and iPhone 6 Plus, which will cost
from £619 will be available to buy on September 19.

Then there's the Apple Watch. Working in synch with the iPhone 5, 5c, 5s, 6 and
6 Plus, the watch is said to get to know you the way a personal trainer would.
Apparently the watch will be able to send and receive messages, answer calls and
share personal information.

It will come in a range of colours and sizes and will be available to buy early
next year.

Talking about the watch, Mr Ebbett said:  "For die-hard Apple fans its smart
watch was the inevitable next step and a clear move into the wearables market
that has yet to really get off the ground.

"With interchangeable watch straps, it is surely only a matter of time before
high-end fashion houses and high-street retailers alike start producing their
own accessories for this highly-desirable wrist candy.

"Unsurprisingly, fitness is a key focus of the watch, by enabling all the health
aspects of a good sports app with the functionality of a good sports watch."

The last time Apple launched an iPhone was about two years ago, when dozens of
gadget fans queued up throughout the night outside Highcross, in Leicester, to
get the iPhone 5 -  and it is expected to happen again later this month.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: coming soon: The iPhone6 and iPhone 6 plus will be available to buy
later this month

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

iPhone businesses, once bitten, twice shy

BYLINE: Zhou Mo in Shenzhen

LENGTH: 626  words


Friday was a special day for Apple fans, as the new-generation iPhones - iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus - were released in Hong Kong and eight other markets around
the world. While the unveiling of the new devices is likely to spur a new round
of shopping spree on smartphone accessories, business owners in Shenzhen remain
wary of the potential commercial opportunities, given their past failure in
assessing the market.

Traders (bottom) buy the newly-released Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
people who had successfully purchased the devices earlier from the Apple store
on Friday in Mong Kok. Roy Liu / China Daily

Friday was a special day for Apple fans, as the new-generation iPhones - iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus - were released in Hong Kong and eight other markets around
the world. While the unveiling of the new devices is likely to spur a new round
of shopping spree on smartphone accessories, business owners in Shenzhen remain
wary of the potential commercial opportunities, given their past failure in
assessing the market.

At Huaqiang North, a high-tech industrial zone in Shenzhen, a vendor of Pisen,
an enterprise that develops, produces and sells smartphone accessories, said the
company has yet to manufacture cases for the new iPhones, as market demand of
the product is uncertain at the present time.

"Right now we don't know (the response of) the market to the new iPhones," he
said. "As our factory makes tens of thousands of phone cases at a time, we shall
wait and see the market situation before (proceeding to) mass production."

Chen Peiyan, a saleswoman in another electronics store, told China Daily that
some companies have learned their lessons from the release of iPhone 4 and now
choose to produce new iPhone accessories at a later time.

"Some factories manufactured a large number of iPhone 4 cases in advance in
expectation of a huge market demand. However, the reality was that they
overestimated the situation and overproduced the product," Chen said. "So this
time, they are more cautious."

In the virtual world, however, accessories of new iPhones are hotly traded.
Apple lovers rush to Taobao, the biggest online shopping site in mainland, to
choose beautiful decorations for their forthcoming new favorites. In an online
store that sells digital accessories, 100 iPhone 6 cases are booked in a day.
The shop owner said the accessories will be delivered to the buyers next week.

"My boyfriend pre-ordered an iPhone 6 for me on Apple's official website. So I
need to buy a lovely phone case in advance to welcome my iPhone baby," a shopper
at the online store wrote.

Apple fans raised a buying frenzy on Sept 12 when the California-based company
began to accept pre-orders of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus globally. Reservations
of the two types of smartphones reached a record high of more than four million
in just 24 hours, doubling the figure of iPhone 5, launched in 2012. In Hong
Kong, the first batch of new iPhones was snapped up by fans on the first day of
its booking.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight," Apple's spokeswoman Trudy Muller said.

In Shenzhen's Huangqiang North district, price for a 16-gigabyte grey iPhone 6
has been pushed up to 18,000 yuan ($2932.9), while that for iPhone 5s has
dropped several hundred yuan to approximately 3,800 yuan. Some vendors estimate
that price of the new smartphone will fall below 10,000 yuan in two or three
months' time.

Apple published its second round of selling regions on its official website last
Friday, with the mainland absent from the list again. Some people suspect that
mainland buyers may not be able to buy the new iPhones within the year.

sally@chinadailyhk.com

(HK Edition 09/20/2014 page6)

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Apple to repair iPhone 6 Plus with faulty cameras

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


NEW DELHI: If you own an Apple iPhone 6 Plus and are not happy with the way
pictures clicked with the device are turning out, we have some good news.

Apple has acknowledged that in a small percentage of iPhone 6 Plus devices, the
rear camera has a component that may fail causing photos to look blurry. The
company has started 'iSight Camera Replacement Program for iPhone 6 Plus' under
which it will replace the camera free of charge for eligible devices. TOI Tech
has independently verified that Indian iPhone 6 Plus owners with eligible
devices can also get the camera module of their device replaced.

Apple says the affected units fall into a limited serial number range and were
sold primarily between September 2014 and January 2015. If your iPhone 6 Plus
camera is taking blurry pictures, you can check whether it is eligible by
entering its serial number on Apple's.

In case it is eligible for repair, you can locate an Apple Authorized Service
Provider to have the iSight camera replaced.

Apple clarifies that the iPhone will be examined prior to any service to verify
that it is eligible for this program and in working order. "If the iPhone 6 Plus
has any damage such as a cracked screen which impairs the camera replacement,
that issue will need to be resolved prior to service. In some cases, there may
be a cost associated with the repair," it adds.

Apple may restrict or limit repair to the original country of purchase so the
service centre may not repair the phone if you purchased it from another
country.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Apple fan frenzy as iPhone 6 hits store shelves

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercuyrnews.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 775 words


Christmas came in September this year for Apple devotees, who stormed the
company's Bay Area stores Friday morning to buy new iPhones, though not all got
the models on their wish lists.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were met with delirious excitement by fans, many of whom
had awakened at the crack of dawn -- or even camped out -- to buy them first.
With significantly larger screens, the new iPhones help Apple match competitors
like Samsung, which have long offered devices that blur the line between
smartphones and tablets.

Hundreds of people clogged Chestnut Street in San Francisco's Marina
neighborhood, where the line to enter the Apple Store wrapped around the block.
Many were fatigued after a sleepless night in the cold, but they perked up once
they'd secured the prized phones. Raul Ramos, a 68-year-old San Francisco
resident, was jubilant as he strolled out of the store with a gold 6 Plus in
hand.

"I'm not going home to sleep," said Ramos, a retired pharmacist who has camped
out for every new model since the iPhone 3. "I'm going to be playing with it."

Like Ramos, many Apple fans on Chestnut Street set their sights on the 6 Plus,
which has a 5.5-inch screen that dwarfs Apple's previous versions. But supplies
did not last long. Reza Asadi, who spent a night of his San Francisco vacation
on the sidewalk in hopes of buying the 6 Plus, left the Apple Store
disappointed.

Fans clustered on University Avenue in Palo Alto were treated to a visit from
CEO Tim Cook, who opened the doors of the Apple Store with a broad smile.

"Thanks to all the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners around the world!" he
wrote on Twitter Friday morning.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last week as part of a wave of new
products and services at a star-studded event in Cupertino. If supplies don't
run out, many analysts predict that Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones
this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5S and
5C last year. 451 Research analyst Carl Howe expects sales to reach 12 million
to 15 million units, noting that cities around the world have reported record
lines.

"This is a very strong launch," he said.

The devices also went up for sale in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K. on Friday, and Apple will open
up sales in more than 20 additional countries next Friday.

The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract, while the 6 Plus starts at
$299. Apart from their superior size, the phones offer sharper displays,
improved battery life and an upgraded camera, Apple has said. In addition, the
gadgets are equipped with Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that allows users
to buy items in stores with a wave of their phones.

Braving a cold and gray night in San Francisco, Apple fans were, if not
comfortable, at least well fed. Apple employees served up coffee and biscuits
for breakfast, and later in the morning, Chase representatives dressed in shirts
that read "#feedtheline" doled out burritos.

Fans slept at their own peril. Kelly Sanders, a 22-year-old nurse who came to
trade her iPhone 5S for a 6 Plus, said she dozed off in the wee hours of the
morning with about 20 people ahead of her in line. She woke up two hours later
to find some 40 people standing between her and the doors of the Apple Store.

With rampant cutting in line, "you couldn't shut your eyes," said Sanders, who
was visiting from Las Vegas.

People in line said tensions flared during the night between die-hard Apple fans
and people who planned to resell the devices on the booming gray market. San
Francisco photographer Diane Rieger, 32, said she agreed to buy the phone for a
local startup, and expected to take home about $500 for her work. But she was
dismayed by the resellers' behavior.

"I'm worried about humanity," she said. "Forget the phone -- don't be that kind
of person."

Tony Ring-Dowell, a four-year veteran of the iPhone line, agreed that the scene
was more cutthroat this year. But by the time he strode out of the Apple Store
with a pair of iPhone 6s, he said he was "elated."

"This year I'm even more excited because the phone is so different and I waited
much longer for it," said Ring-Dowell, who lives in Daly City.

Shaun Johnson, who works on PayPal's mobile team, said he felt confident
springing for the 5.5-inch 6 Plus after test-driving a cardboard model of the
device that was circulating the line. Though he had to show up shortly after 5
p.m. Thursday to claim the device, Johnson and those he befriended in line found
a place to seek refuge.

"We spent most of the night in a wine bar," the 35-year-old San Francisco
resident said.

---

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook opens the door to an
Apple Store to begin sales of the new iPhone 6 on September 19, 2014 in Palo
Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 30, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Now own an iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at zero down payment

LENGTH: 191  words


It has not even been a month since Apple Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus went on sale
in India, and Reliance Communication seems to be already gearing up to launch
its contract-plans for the newest iPhones. RCom has listed the Zero Plans for
Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on its website, (spotted by TelecomTalk).

RCom had introduced the Zero Plan last year with the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C, in
which it allows users to own an iPhone under two-year contract, with a fixed
monthly rental plan for 24 months.

Under the Zero Plan contract, a user can own an iPhone 6 with an Rs 3,099
monthly rental for each month for two years, or can buy the iPhone 6 Plus on a
two-year contract with an Rs 3,599 monthly plan.

The Zero Plan contract allows users to make free unlimited voice calls (local
and roaming) and texts, and access free unlimited data, without any additional
bills for those 24 months of contract period.

These services will be included in the fixed monthly payment under the contract,
depending on variant of the iPhone.

The company has not given any information on the amount of down payment required
for the 64GB and 128GB variants of the phones.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 10:15 AM GMT

The iPhone 6s goes on sale today! Find out where you can go and buy it from;
Here is everything you need to know about where you can bag yourself a new
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus after its release today

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 197 words


Apple's new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are on sale today and you can get your hands
on one of the new handsets now.

The two new mobile phones are available to buy right now in an Apple store or on
their website.

Both handsets are available on a range of networks including O2, EE, Vodafone,
Three and Virgin Mobile.

What is new about the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus?

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called rose gold.

Both the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6s cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6 First-Day Orders Top 4 Million

BYLINE: Natalie Jarvey

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 221  words


Apple has sold a record number of its new phones during the first 24 hours of
pre-sales.

The Cupertino-based tech company announced Monday that it has received more than
four million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. That's double the 2
million in pre-sales for the iPhone 5 in 2012, the last time Apple released
pre-order figures.

Apple also said Monday that demand for the phones exceeds its initial supply,
which means that some customers won't receive their new devices until October.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said. "Pre-orders for
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get
our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday."

Apple announced Sept. 12 that pre-sales for the iPhone 6 had set a new recordfor
the company, but did not give specific sales figures. The record-breaking sales
come despite an outage on the Apple online store on the Friday morning that
pre-sales began. The websites for the major carriers also experienced delays or
outages as the result of high demand.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available for purchase on Sept. 19 at
Apple retail stores and authorized carriers.

Email: Natalie.Jarvey@THR.comTwitter: @NatJarv

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

New iPhones to arrive in Nepal mid-Oct

LENGTH: 258 words

DATELINE: <img
src="http://assets-cdn.ekantipur.com/images/third-party/money-finance/1109201508
2105APPLE-PRODUCTS-600x0.jpg" /> Kathmandu


Kathmandu, Sept. 11 -- Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will arrive in the
domestic market by mid-October, said Generation Next, the authorised distributor
in Nepal

"Generally, it takes around one month for products to arrive in South Asian
markets after the unveiling, so we expect the phones to be launched here by
mid-October," said Pawan Kumar Bhimsaria, managing director of the company.

Although Apple has announced that the latest models would cost the same as the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Bhimsaria said that prices in the domestic market
would be determined by the exchange rate of the US dollar.

Last December, Generation Next acquired an Apple dealership with the launch of
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. According to the company, it has sold 3,200 units of
the two models in Nepal.

"At the time we ordered the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the exchange rate was Rs101 per
$1. Now the US dollar has risen, so we have to wait for the pricing," said
Bhimsaria.

The 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus has a price tag of Rs94,499 presently. Similarly, the 16
GB iPhone 6 costs Rs83,999.

"The company has discontinued production of the 128 GB model, but the entire
colour and storage options that were recently launched in the US will be
available in the domestic market too," said Bhimsaria.

According to the company, the iPad Pro will arrive between November and
December.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 894  words


Apple Inc unveiled a new watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service
on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the company's
reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a new watch, two larger iPhones and a
mobile payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to
revive the company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications.

Rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple, which
up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like Blackberry
to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal computer sales
for a time before they recently recovered.

It has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The "Apple Watch" will come in three distinct collections, including a sport
edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi estimated on Tuesday that if Apple
were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add about $7.5 billion to
its revenue.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

On Tuesday, the company also took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay". Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

The move gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick
and mortar stores, where more than 90 percent of US retail sales are still
conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its event
online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream went down
for many users about a half-hour in, prompting many to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Apple's iPhone 6 rollout proceeds with boost by 'Consumer Reports'tests
disproving new devices are easily damaged and a software glitch fix put an end
to a social-media firestorm

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 759 words


Bloomberg

San Francisco

Apple has got the latest iPhones' global introduction back on track with a
rollout in 22 countries, a glitch-free software update and backing from Consumer
Reports magazine tests that show the handsets are hard to bend.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force" to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports magazine said in a study published on its website.

In a sign that consumers were ready to overlook the smartphone's rocky first
week, long lines formed at stores as Apple introduced the latest iPhones to a
second wave of markets, including Russia, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are Apple's most important products to debut this
year, leading a wave of gadgets that will go on sale, including new iPads and
the Apple Watch.

While Apple touted record 10 million sales of iPhones during the opening
weekend, the celebration was cut short by an iOS mobile-software update that
disabled cellular services, causing Apple's engineers to pull it back. The
company also had to respond to a social-media firestorm over claims that the
large-screen iPhone was susceptible to bending if sat upon.

"Apple customers are probably some of the most demanding customers in the
world," Francis Sideco, an analyst at IHS, said in a telephone interview. He
said that no news was good news, because "if they weren't fixed or if there were
new issues that had cropped up, we would have seen it."

About 600 people lined up late last week outside Amsterdam's Apple Store, with
400 customers at the Barcelona shop, the Cupertino, California-based company
said.

Apple on September 25 released its second fix, iOS 8.0.2, for its mobile
operating system, which is included in the new iPhones and available as an
upgrade for recent models. Apple also said that it had only received nine
customer complaints about bent iPhone 6 Plus devices.

Stress tests showed the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are as "tough" as other
comparable phones including HTC's HTC One M8 and Samsung Electronics's Galaxy
Note 3, Consumer Reports magazine said on its website.

"Our tests show that both iPhones seem tougher than the Internet fracas
implies," the report said.

Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook is counting on the new handsets, which
generate more than half of Apple's annual $171 billion (Bt5.5 trillion) in
revenue, to fuel sales growth. He is using the iPhone 6, which has an
11.9-centimetre display and iPhone 6 Plus with a 13.9-centimetre screen to push
into Samsung, HTC and other manufacturers of smartphones turf with jumbo-sized
screens.

Demand for Apple's new handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61
million iPhones in the last three months of the year, surpassing last year's
record 51 million sold, according to Barclays.

"People who want an iPhone are going to buy one, regardless of what the news
says," said Carl Howe, an analyst at 451 Research. "Given that they are
backordered in every country in which they are available, they will have no
problem selling them if they don't want the phone."

Sales are also set to pick up as the new iPhones become available in more
countries. The list expanded to also include Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland,
Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and Turkey.

In total, the iPhones will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has
said.

Apple apologised for the early iOS glitches and said that fewer than 40,000
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices were affected by the iOS 8.0.1 problem that caused
users to lose cellular reception.

Software developers, whose livelihood depends upon creating applications for
devices such as the new iPhone, took the glitches in stride, saying it was a
normal part of the process.

"Every time Apple does anything, people complain because they are so big," said
Collin Donnell, lead iOS developer at Lovely, an online apartment finder. "I
haven't seen anything out of the ordinary."

Still, others were frustrated by the glitches.

"Most of those 40,000 people were probably developers, these are the guys who
are waiting for this because they need to check against public releases," said
Slaven Radic, CEO of Vancouver-based Tapstream Network, which helps developers
market their apps. "I know a number of them who got this bug. Your phone not
having cellular connectivity was a major problem for a lot of them. They didn't
know what to do."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            July 29, 2015 Wednesday

Apple of our eye - Comparing different devices from the tech giant with friends
revealed the iPad mini 3 trumps the rest

LENGTH: 788  words


IOS devices: iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad mini 3, iPad Air 2.

I have had guests at my home all week and it has been something of a mini-Apple
event. I bought iPads for the two friends who already had an iPad mini each. I
gave them the latest iPad mini 3. With these we had over a dozen devices
together and I could not resist a photograph that included a MacBook, MacBook
Pro 13-inch (2012), MacBook Pro 13-inch (2010), two x iPad mini 2, 2 x iPad mini
3, iPad Air 2, 2 x iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and an Airport Extreme router under
the table. There was also an Apple TV behind me.

My friends were able to make direct comparisons with their old and new models,
reporting that the iPad mini 3 scrolled quicker and had much better battery
life. Reactions to Wi-Fi speeds were also better and I saw this with a
back-to-back comparison: two iPads, same web page. Both were also pleased with
the higher quality images they were now taking with the camera on the iPad mini
3.

An interesting point with both of these friends is that they use their iPads for
everything. One hardly ever touches a computer. The other has a MacBook Pro but
uses that only when absolutely necessary. This matched with comments made to me
elsewhere concerning some older users who claimed that using a PC made them
dizzy and so use their iPads constantly.

I did wonder if they needed special glasses to compensate for the extra distance
a computer screen is usually positioned, but this is academic and they are
"addicted" (as I was told) to the hand-held devices. Tablet computers are now
the new personal computers. Analysts may need to recognise that in the future
some users will never touch what we think of as a PC (Macs included).

I was also asked during the week about how the iPhone 6 Plus would fare as a
replacement for an iPhone and an iPad. That prompted me to take a side-by-side
photograph of current iOS devices. I tend to leave my iPad at home and make-do
with the smaller screens of the iPhones when out. I can work on the iPhone with
most applications, including those I write with, although columns of figures in
Apple's Numbers are not so easy to read on the iPhone 6. With news sites, I
prefer to use landscape mode as the characters are larger.

On the iPhone 6 Plus, the text, including Numbers, is only slightly larger.
Tentatively I would say it is possible to replace an iPhone and iPad with the
iPhone 6 Plus. But it depends on the type of work being done and how good the
user's eyes are. A smaller screen is bound to cause some strain if used to
excess. I often connect my iOS devices to the television: there is an adaptor
available, or I link via Apple TV. Being able to display the contents of an
iPhone on the large screen of a TV is a useful solution.

The screens of both current iPhones make reading text quite easy and the display
of images is good. I am using the camera of both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus more
these days and often leave my DSLR camera at home. This week, I also tried some
macro photography using the lenses from Mobi-Lens, a former Kickstarter project.
While I tried the well-engineered olloclip lenses before (also a Kickstarter
project), these have the advantage that their construction allows them to be
used with iPads as well as the iPhones. I also tried them on a Samsung and a
Sony phone.

Last year I wrote that Microsoft had released a version of Office for the iPad
(and later iPhone), but it was not available in the iTunes app store for
Thailand. Official comments I managed to glean from Microsoft then told me it
was "unlikely to be made available any time soon". Almost a year later, Office
for the iPad is now in the iTunes App Store for Thailand. The components are
hefty apps and may take some time to download.

Apple released a flash Storage Firmware Update for the mid-2015 15-inch MacBook
Pro with Retina display last week. Apple said that the update addressed a
storage firmware issue that, in rare cases, could cause data corruption.

The Apple Watch caused much speculation before and since Apple's quarterly
financial results partly because Apple decided beforehand to lump the figures in
with the other sales that included iPods. With that section showing an increase
of about US$952 million (33 billion baht) in revenue over the previous report,
analysts thought they had the answer, but Apple's CFO Luca Maestri said not:
watch sales were offset by declining revenue from iPods and accessories so the
figures were still just guesses. Perhaps Rene Ritchie of iMore had it right when
he wrote that "the iWatch will be one of the dumbest media frenzies of 2015".

Graham K. Rogers of Mahidol University's Engineering Faculty has OS X flavoured
web pages at www.extensions.in.th/index4.html

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

IPhone Sales Beat Opening Weekend,But Near Flat Vs. '14; Analysts Mixed; Stock
Falls; Apple says 13 million units sold in first 3 days, but China included this
year

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 819 words


For Apple, iPhone 6 S sounds like success.

The Cupertino, Calif.-based company Monday announced that it sold more than 13
million iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus models in their first three days of retail
availability starting Friday. That beats the previous record of 10 million
units, set last year during the opening weekend of iPhone 6 sales.

"Sales for iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statement. "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3 D
Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6 S and iPhone 6 S Plus
to customers in even more countries on Oct. 9."

Apple beat Wall Street's target of 12 million iPhone 6 S unit sales for the
opening weekend, FBR analyst Daniel Ives said in a research report Monday. Ives
rates Apple stock outperform.

"We view 13 million as a "bull case' number from the weekend as bears were
saying 10.5 million to 11 million was possible, and this was up significantly
from the 10 million units sold in the iPhone 6 first launch weekend," Ives said.

The comparison to last year's  iPhone sales, however, is not apples-to-apples,
Ives pointed out. China alone likely added 2 million to 2.5 million units to the
launch total this year, he said.

Apple launched the iPhone 6 S on Friday in 12 countries, compared with 10 for
the iPhone 6. The big addition this year was China. The other launch countries
were Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto
Rico, Singapore, the U.K. and the U.S.

Investors weren't unimpressed with Apple's iPhone 6 S sales. Apple stock fell 2%
Monday to 112.44, but on a day when the major indexes all fell more than 1.9%.

40 More Countries Soon

On Oct. 9 and 10, Apple will roll out the new iPhones to more than 40 additional
countries and territories, including Italy, Mexico, Russia and Spain. It will
add India, Malaysia and Turkey on Oct. 16, bringing its total to 57 markets.

Apple expects to be selling the  iPhone 6 S series in over 130 counties by
year-end.

The iPhone 6 S series phones feature a pressure-sensitive display, a faster
processor, improved cameras and the Live Photos feature, which adds motion to
still pictures. The phones come in four colors (silver, gold, space gray and
rose gold) and three data-storage configurations (16 gigabytes, 64 GB and 128
GB).

The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus start at $649 and $749, respectively, when paid in
full. Apple and wireless carriers also are offering monthly installment billing
plans.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said early iPhone 6 S sales are promising.

"We see opening weekend results, coupled with our read on sell-through, as a
sign that the iPhone 6 S cycle is off to a good start and continue to be
comfortable with our 3% iPhone 6 S cycle unit growth compared to the Street at
flat," Munster said in a note Monday.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S appears to be generally available, while the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 S Plus is on back-order, Munster said.

Munster rates Apple stock overweight, with a price target of 172.

The iPhone 6 S appears to be off to a "healthy start," though the inclusion of
China this year clouds the comparisons to last year's  iPhone 6 launch, Nomura
analyst Jeffrey Kvaal said in a note Monday. He rates Apple stock a buy, with a
price target of 145.

BMO Capital Markets analyst Keith Bachman said iPhone 6 S sales also benefited
from a longer period of pre-orders. Days from pre-orders to availability for the
iPhone 6 S were 13 days, compared with seven days for the prior three iPhone
launches, he said in a note Monday.

Faster Distribution Schedule

Bachman rates Apple stock as outperform, with a price target of 145.

Mizuho Securities analyst Abhey Lamba was unmoved by Apple's first-weekend
iPhone sales number.

The sales figure "does not seem overwhelmingly positive" when you factor out
China sales, he said in a note Monday.

Lamba reiterated his neutral rating on Apple stock and price target of 125.

Apple looks to fight difficult comparisons to last year's wildly successful
iPhone 6 launch by expanding distribution more rapidly this year, Lamba said.

Apple intends to ship the new phones to over 130 countries by year's end vs. 115
by the end of 2014 for the iPhone 6, he said.

Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri concurred, saying iPhone 6 S unit sales are flat to
up slightly year-over-year on a pro-forma basis.

He rates Apple stock as market perform with a price target of 130.

A teardown analysis of a midrange iPhone 6 S by TechInsights revealed the
components cost $245, up 7% over the iPhone 6.

Apple's move to 2 gigabytes of memory for the iPhone 6 S, from 1 GB for the
iPhone 6, is one example of higher component costs.

The addition of a pressure-sensitive touchscreen, branded 3 D Touch; better
cameras; and a redesigned 7000 series aluminum case also boosted the cost of the
device, TechInsights said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

"Bend-Gate": An Apple iPhone 6 Plus Feature That Is Troubling Users

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 272  words


The new iPhone 6 users have complained about the aluminium structure, that bends
upon notwithstanding the pressure arising from keeping the smartphone tucked in
the pockets for longer duration.

Thursday, September 25, 2014: It's been days now since Apple announced its
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus for the global customers. After the launch there were
mix reviews coming up from the users about the smartphones and the new iOS 8.
Now when many have got access to their iPhone 6 Plus, we came forth the new
theory of iPhone 6 bend-gate. Yes, you got that right! The new iPhone 6 Plus
bends!

It is not similar to the unique 'bendable' quality seen in the Samsung Galaxy
Round or LG G Flex, instead it's a defect that pertains on keeping the device in
pockets for longer duration. There were number of complaints regarding the
design flaw that affects the top-end area near the volume buttons. Several
reports revealed about the aluminum structure bends upon notwithstanding the
pressure arising from keeping the smartphone tucked in the pockets for longer
duration.

Some people took their complaints to the MacRumors forum while others showed
their frustration through the social networking sites.

Social networking sites are flooded with number of images depicting the design
flow in the new iPhone handsets. People have addressed the issue as bend-gate.

Here comes a piece of advice for all iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users:

Make sure you pull out your device from your pockets before sitting or bending.
You can even safeguard your device with sturdier covers. As of now, there has
been no official statement regarding this issue from Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

MasterCard Works with Apple to Integrate Apple Pay

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 458  words


Cardholders to Enjoy an Easy, Secure and Private Mobile Payment Experience

Paying with mobile devices is about to become even more Priceless[TM]. Today,
Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) unveiled Apple Pay that will enable MasterCard cardholders
to use their iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch for everyday purchases.
MasterCard built the foundation for secure mobile transactions, so consumers can
use their cards when, where and how they want.

MasterCard worked with Apple to deliver a seamless and secure payment
experience. For consumers and merchants alike, that means that every purchase
made with a MasterCard using iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch will offer
the security, benefits and guarantees of any MasterCard transaction.

Apple Pay transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure, and private way to
make purchases. By integrating Apple hardware, software and services, Apple Pay
creates a unique and incredibly intuitive experience for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch users. Owners of the new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch
will be able to use their MasterCard credit or debit cards from participating
banks directly through Apple Pay.

At a store, consumers can simply pay by just holding their iPhone near a
contactless reader with their finger on Touch ID and their transaction will be
authenticated. For purchases within an app, consumers will simply touch to pay
and authenticate with their fingerprint or passcode for a seamless experience
without having to enter their card number or leave the app.

"Apple has a long tradition of introducing breakthrough products with features
that really matter to people. Apple Pay, combined with MasterCard's payments
technology, gives consumers an easy, secure and private way to shop," said Ed
McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer, MasterCard. "We have been a pioneer
of mobile commerce innovation for years - including the world's first
contactless and mobile payment solutions. We're thrilled that MasterCard
cardholders will soon be able to make payments from their iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus and Apple Watch, knowing that every purchase is secure and offers all the
same guarantees and benefits they've come to expect from using their
MasterCard."

Apple Pay will be made available for U.S. consumers via a free update to iOS 8
this October. MasterCard cardholders will be able to make simple and secure
payments in the apps of top merchants, as well as contactless payments at some
of the most frequented U.S. locations including major stores, restaurants,
transit providers, fuel and convenience stores, and all Apple Store locations.
One of the first to accept Apple Pay via iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch
will be MasterCard's long-time partner Major League Baseball.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2014 World of Media JLT
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 841  words


Apple Inc unveiled a new watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service
on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the company's
reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a new watch, two larger iPhones and a
mobile payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to
revive the company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications.

Rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple, which
up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like Blackberry
to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal computer sales
for a time before they recently recovered.

It has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The "Apple Watch" will come in three distinct collections, including a sport
edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi estimated on Tuesday that if Apple
were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add about $7.5 billion to
its revenue.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

On Tuesday, the company also took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay". Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

The move gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick
and mortar stores, where more than 90 percent of US retail sales are still
conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its event
online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream went down
for many users about a half-hour in, prompting many to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple Watch will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Gulf Daily News

                                October 30, 2014

iPhones are launched by VIVA Bahrain

LENGTH: 269 words


MANAMA: VIVA Bahrain has launched iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the biggest
advancements in iPhone history.

Following a successful registration campaign and a special mid-night launch,
customers will now get their hands on Apple's powerful devices connected to the
kingdom's widest and fastest 4G LTE network.

Bringing to Bahrain iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, VIVA will be offering the
devices with a range of attractive plans including Unlimited Smart 20, Smart 25
and Smart 30.

These unique price packages from VIVA will provide customers with more value for
money allowing them to get the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on a monthly subscription
whilst enjoying unlimited VIVA to VIVA calls and data on the 4G LTE network, as
well as enjoy a special free number, among many other benefits.

Available on 16GB, 64 GB and 128 GB capacities, VIVA customers can be the first
to get their hands on the iPhone 6 (16 GB) for free on 18-months contract with
the Unlimited Smart 30 plan, or BD 29 for the iPhone 6 Plus (16 GB) with the
same plan.

Apple's latest devices are available on 12-months and 18-months contracts at
VIVA's retail outlets in Gold, Silver and Space Gray colours.

"Apple's latest creations are not only simply bigger, but also better in every
single way," VIVA chief commercial officer Andrew Hanna said.

"We are pleased to bring to our customers the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus bundled with a
range of Unlimited Smart plans to suit preferences of both individuals and
businesses.

"Our customers will enjoy these devices with an enhanced mobile data experience
offered on the nation's widest and fastest 4G LTE network," he added.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5


     Copyright 2014 Gulf Daily News - Hilal Publishing and Marketing Group.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 18, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus receive good response in India, here are sales
figures

LENGTH: 199  words


Apple has received an overwhelming response from buyers for its Iphone 6 and
Iphone 6 Plus Smartphones in India, like in other countries where Apple has
launched the new bigger iPhones. The company put the new iPhone variants on sale
on Thursday midnight, and sold 35,000 units of these within 12 hours of their
launch, Hindustan Times reports.

Out of these iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units, 25,000 phones were those which
were pre-booked while the rest 10,000 were brought within 12 hours of their
launch. Reports had it that the company shipped around 55,000 units to India
ahead of the launch. The company will be releasing the final figures of units
sold later today. The device is available for purchase across 24 cities in India
and is retailing through Apple's Premium Resellers, multi-brand retail stores,
as well as online retail stores.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7 inch screen Smartphone available in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB
storage variants priced at INR 53,500, INR 62,500 and INR 71,500, respectively.
The iPhone 6 Plus is the company's biggest iPhone with 5.5-inch display and is
available in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB storage variants priced at INR 62,500, INR
71,500 and INR 80,500, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus unveiled: 6 things you would like to know

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 530 words


NEW DELHI: Unveiling its much awaited new smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, Apple on Wednesday claimed that latest iterations of its iPhones was
the best yet.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

"These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminium,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi," he added.

We take a look at six things that you would like to know about the iPhone 6s and
the iPhone 6s Plus:

1) 3D Touch: Apple claims that the 3D Touch senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. "iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
introduce new ways to navigate and experience iPhone by sensing pressure to
enable new gestures - Peek and Pop - so you can dip in and out of content
without losing your place," explains Apple.

"Press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a
little deeper to Pop into the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch
provides shortcuts to the things you do most, so you can send a message or take
a selfie with just a simple press from the Home screen," Apple's release adds.

2) Hardware: Apple's new iPhones are powered by the A9 chip. "A9, Apple's
third-generation 64-bit chip powers the iPhones with 70 percent faster CPU and
90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8," says Apple.

3) New cameras: Additional camera advancements include a new 12-megapixel rear
camera. There is also a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash.

4) New camera features: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of 'Live Photos',
which Apple claims go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion.
"High-definition video improves with support for 4K - with a resolution of 3840
x 2160, delivering over 8 million pixels - and the expansion of optical image
stabilization to video on iPhone 6s Plus. After capturing 4K video, you can edit
on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can
even edit two simultaneous streams," adds Apple.

5) Other enhancements: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of a faster Wi-Fi and
LTE Advanced. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands. The iPhones also
have a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an
all-new News app.

6) Price & Availability: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold,
silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes. iPhone 6s has been
launched at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 64 GB, $399 for 128 GB (2-year contract).
iPhone 6s Plus has been priced at at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64 GB, $499 for 128
GB (2-year contract).

Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning
Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus unveiled: 6 things you would like to know

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 530 words


NEW DELHI: Unveiling its much awaited new smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, Apple on Wednesday claimed that latest iterations of its iPhones was
the best yet.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

"These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminium,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi," he added.

We take a look at six things that you would like to know about the iPhone 6s and
the iPhone 6s Plus:

1) 3D Touch: Apple claims that the 3D Touch senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. "iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
introduce new ways to navigate and experience iPhone by sensing pressure to
enable new gestures - Peek and Pop - so you can dip in and out of content
without losing your place," explains Apple.

"Press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a
little deeper to Pop into the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch
provides shortcuts to the things you do most, so you can send a message or take
a selfie with just a simple press from the Home screen," Apple's release adds.

2) Hardware: Apple's new iPhones are powered by the A9 chip. "A9, Apple's
third-generation 64-bit chip powers the iPhones with 70 percent faster CPU and
90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8," says Apple.

3) New cameras: Additional camera advancements include a new 12-megapixel rear
camera. There is also a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash.

4) New camera features: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of 'Live Photos',
which Apple claims go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion.
"High-definition video improves with support for 4K - with a resolution of 3840
x 2160, delivering over 8 million pixels - and the expansion of optical image
stabilization to video on iPhone 6s Plus. After capturing 4K video, you can edit
on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can
even edit two simultaneous streams," adds Apple.

5) Other enhancements: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of a faster Wi-Fi and
LTE Advanced. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands. The iPhones also
have a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an
all-new News app.

6) Price & Availability: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold,
silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes. iPhone 6s has been
launched at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 64 GB, $399 for 128 GB (2-year contract).
iPhone 6s Plus has been priced at at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64 GB, $499 for 128
GB (2-year contract).

Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning
Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Here are the Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus prices you have been waiting for

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 114  words


Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will start selling in India from Friday,
October 17 with the cheapest of the phones priced at Rs 53,500. Pre-orders for
the two phones will begin Tuesday, October 7.

The Apple iPhone 6 16GB is priced Rs 53,500, the 64Gb at Rs 62,500 and 128GB at
Rs 71,500. The Apple iPhone 6 Plus will be priced Rs 62,500, 64GB at Rs 71,500
and 128GB at Rs 80,500.

Apple partner Ingram Micro has announced that it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus at leading modern trade stores and retail outlets across India beginning
from 12:01am on October 17. Customers can pre-order both models beginning
12:01am on Tuesday, October 7 at the major retail outlets of the partners.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

September springs crop of smartphones; Apple launched its long-awaited iPhone 6
this week, just a week after Samsung released its new Note 4. But they're not
the only players giving us new smartphones. Frankly, we're getting spoiled for
choice

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 567 words


Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus


The newest iPhone comes in two versions, the 12-centimetre iPhone 6 and the 14cm
iPhone 6 Plus, which is inching toward a phablet. Is it time to upgrade? Well,
with Canada's new two-year contracts, consumers may be upgrading their phones
more often - and if you're still using a 4S or 5, you'll likely find the
improvements worthwhile. The unlocked Apple phones aren't cheap - starting at
$749 for a 16GB iPhone, all the way up to the top-of-the-line 128GB iPhone 6
Plus at $1079. Subsidies for a two-year contract drop that down to $265 and
$595. For that, you get a number of enhancements, besides the size differential,
over earlier iPhones.

A notable addition is near-field communication, a standard used in mobile
payments and one you might not notice until Apple brings its new Apple Pay to
Canada. The camera is key on all smartphones. The new iPhone's back-facing
camera is still eight megapixels, but the iPhone Plus has optical image
stabilization, not just the digital stabilization of the iPhone 6 and earlier
iPhones. It also has a better panorama, slow motion video of 120 frames per
second or 240 fps, compared to the 5S's 120 fps. It also has the ability to make
calls using Wi-Fi and switch mid-call to a cellular network if you leave your
home or office or Wi-Fi area - a feature not yet available in Canada, but it
would be useful if it gets here. Apple promises improved battery life and
depending on the phone you're using now, you may notice the improved screen
display - the 6 Plus has a 920 by 1080 resolution with 401 pixels per inch and
the iPhone 6 has a 1334 by 750 resolution and 326 ppi.

Nokia Lumia 830

While Apple was packing in the crowds in Cupertino, Calif., other companies were
showing offtheir latest products at the giant IFA consumer electronics show in
Berlin. Microsoft, which bought Nokia's devices business last spring, introduced
three new Windows phones. The Lumia 830, at 330 euros, is billed as an
affordable alternative to the pricey premium smartphones. That translates to
close to $500, so it's not cheap, although it's less than the $749 entry-level
iPhone 6. It has a 13cm 1280x720 screen with 1GB of RAM and 16GB of storage. The
10 megapixel back-facing camera has optical image stabilization, although the
front-camera is only 1MP.

Lumia 735 and Lumia 730 Dual SIM

Microsoft also introduced two phones that are identical in design with
differences in network connectivity. Like the Lumia 830, these run the latest
Windows Phone 8.1 operating system. The 735 works with LTE and thus is the one
more likely to show up in Canada. Both phones have a 12cm 720 display screen,
with only 8GB in storage although you can boost that by 128GB with a microSD
card. The rear-facing camera is a 6.7MP with Carl Zeiss optics and, in following
the trend in making it easier to take selfies, it has a 5MP wide-angle
front-facing camera.

HTC Desire 820

Another in the upsized smartphone market, the newly announced HTC Desire 820
matches the 14cm size of Apple iPhone 6 Plus and is the successor to the 816,
which is currently available on Amazon.ca around $580. At 720p, the screen
resolution isn't as high as the 6 Plus. The 820 has HTC's dual front-facing
BoomSound speakers, a microSD slot, a 13MP rear-facing camera and an 8MP
front-facing camera - again, it's all about the selfies.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take a long time to charge because of standard
bundled chargers

LENGTH: 318  words


Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus despite being better in every manner, lag behind
when you plug them in the wall socket in comparison to other phones

New 12MP cameras, with better performing A10 chips and still Apple couldn't
figure out to reduce the total charging time on its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
That's because just like its predecessors, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple
has continued to ship its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with 5W chargers, so you
can imagine how long it would take for these smartphones to get charged
completely.

In fact, according to a detailed review done by Anandtech for the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus, both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus are able to charge faster than Apple's
latest mobile products, but that is also because they feature smaller battery
capacities than their successors. The disappointing thing about these tests is
that devices like Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, which feature larger batteries
than iPhone 7 Plus are able to charge much faster, but that is thanks to
improved charging technology.

This does not mean that you continue to use the 5W charger that comes bundled
with your iPhone. You can also resort to using the iPad charger or another
aftermarket charger, but before you do, make sure that its charging
specifications are in line with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus' requirements.
According to the test results, we have included a total of six different phones
as well as the amount of time it takes for their batteries to go from 0-100
percent.

Galaxy S7 (Snapdragon 820 version): 1.51 hours
Galaxy S7 edge (Snapdragon version): 1.85 hours
iPhone 6s: 1.94 hours
iPhone 6s Plus: 2.80 hours
iPhone 7: 2.08 hours
iPhone 7 Plus: 3.07 hours

Hopefully, with the announcement of iPhone 8, Apple will realize to ship out a
more powerful charger. With these devices coming without a headphone jack, it is
becoming necessary to improve charging technologies.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                        June 3, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

EMPIRE Introduces SLIM SHOCK Series for iPhone 6/6s, iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus, and
iPhone SE

BYLINE: Empire Cell Phone Accessories

LENGTH: 341  words


Riverside, CA,  June 03, 2016 --(PR.com)-- EMPIRE Cell Phone Accessories is
proud to announce the launch of its newest phone case series, the MPERO SLIM
SHOCK Flexible Bumper Protection Case Series for the iPhone 6/6s, iPhone 6 Plus/
6S Plus, and iPhone SE. Available in time for Father's Day, this new phone case
series is available today online and in their Riverside, CA Retail Showroom.

This phone case may be slim, but it was made for protection. On the interior of
the SLIM SHOCK, there are hundreds of circular shock absorbing spacers that
create a cushion of air for an additional layer of protection. The corners of
phones are extremely vulnerable, and easily broken upon impact, that's why the
SLIM SHOCK is designed with bumpers around the edges to prevent serious damage
from clumsy drops or accidental falls. The ribbed sides of the case are
ergonomically designed for a comfortable grip. The case comes in clear, as well
as translucent tints of gold and pink for those who want to add a hint of color.

The MPERO SLIM SHOCK Series case for the iPhone 6/6S, iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus, and
iPhone SE are available today on empirecase.com for $8.99 each. Additional MPERO
SLIM SHOCK Series cases are available for Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge, Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime, and Samsung Galaxy J1
(2016).

About EMPIRE

Launched in 2011 by a cell phone case designer who was fed up with limited cell
phone case options, EMPIRE believes that every cell phone user is unique and has
a right to a case that suits them perfectly. That's why designer Laura Land and
her team spend three months each year researching current trends and styles
before designing each year's collection of cases. Available for all major brands
and styles, EMPIRE offer everything from striking solids to bold designs for men
and women. With a goal to offer high quality at low prices, EMPIRE focuses on
bundle sales and always offers free worldwide shipping on all orders. To learn
more or find your perfect case, visit www.empirecase.com today.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

New Products

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 497 words


Fujifilm X-T2

MIRRORLESS CAMERA

$2,599 (body only), available from Sept 8

Fujifilm has launched the X-T2, the successor to its critically acclaimed,
two-year-old X-T1. It retains most of the SLR-like design of its predecessor but
has added a rear joystick for easy change of focusing points.

It has been upgraded with a new 24.3-megapixel X-Trans CMOS III APS-C image
sensor and the latest X-Processor Pro image processor and has two SD-card slots.

mophie juice pack wireless for iPhone 6/6 Plus

IPHONE BATTERY CASE

$139 (iPhone 6s/6), $179 (iPhone 6s Plus/6 Plus)

Add more juice and wireless charging to your Apple iPhone 6s or 6s Plus with the
mophie juice pack wireless battery case.

With a 1,560mAh (iPhone 6/6s) or a 2,420mAh (iPhone 6/6s Plus) built-in
rechargeable battery, it offers over 50 per cent more battery life as well as
protection for your iPhone.

During charging, the juice pack wireless will provide power to your iPhone first
before it starts to recharge itself.

Onkyo E700M

IN-EAR HEADPHONES

$139

For audiophiles who listen to high-resolution audio (High-Res) the Onkyo E700M
is worth checking out. Said to be optimised for High-Res playback, it comes with
13.5mm drivers that are tuned to bring out crisp details and subtle nuances,
while its lightweight aluminium housing is built to eliminate unwanted
vibrations that might mar the sound.

It comes with three different-sized ergonomically shaped silicone ear tips and a
tangle-free cable with an in-line remote-and-mic unit.

Aztech PSD500

STORAGE DONGLE

$99, available this month

You can now create your own personal cloud with the Aztech PSD500. Dubbed the
Personal Storage Dongle, it has an Ethernet port at one end and a USB port at
the other.

This allows you to connect any USB hard drive (up to 2TB) to the PSD500, and
hook the PSD500 to your router to create your own cloud storage. You can then
access your files using the Aztech Storage app (available on both Android and
iOS) on your smartphone anywhere, as long as you have an Internet connection.

PowerColor Red Devil Radeon RX 470 4GB GDDR5

GRAPHICS CARD

$319

The PowerColor Red Devil RX 470 graphics card features 4GB of GDDR5 memory with
2,048 stream processors and 1,750MHz clock speed for great gaming performance.
It uses the new Double Blade III cooling fan, which has more blades than
conventional fans, to increase airflow and prevent dust deposition.

This Red Devil also supports the latest graphics technologies, such as DirectX
12, Vulkan, FreeSync and Liquid VR.

Mosclean

HOME APPLIANCE

$88

Unlike traditional mosquito traps that use harmful chemical sprays or a
high-voltage metal grid, the Mosclean is a safer and more environmentally
friendly version.

Using ultra-violet LEDs with an optimised light wavelength and a special coating
that produces carbon dioxide (as bait) through a photo-catalytic reaction, the
Mosclean is said to attract and kill three times more mosquitoes than
conventional traps in lab tests.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fujifilm X-T2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

iPhone cleared for China launch

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 413 words


Apple's latest smartphone and its first ever phablet will both officially go on
sale on October 17.

Both handsets will be available for pre-order from the Apple Store, retailers
and via all of China's major network operators from October 10. What's more, as
with their launch in the US, Apple will be offering the same reserve and pick up
service meaning that Chinese consumers can order a handset and collect it
in-store, rather than having to queue, on October 17.

"We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China
on all three carriers at launch," said Apple's CEO Tim Cook. "With support for
TD-LTE and FDD-LTE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers will have access to
high-speed mobile networks from China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom for
an incredible experience."

The 4.7-inch display iPhone 6 is available in gold, silver or space grey and
prices will start at 5,288 RMB for the 16GB model, topping out at 6,888 (RMB)
for the monster 128GB model.

As for the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, the entry-level 16GB model comes with a
suggested retail price of 6,088 RMB, while the top of the range 128GB version
will cost 7,788 RMB.

The latest iPhone is already on sale in 33 countries around the world and Apple
has promised that it will be available in 115 countries before the end of 2014.

However, despite record sales -- over 10 million handsets were sold on launch
weekend -- there have been some hiccups. Firstly a bug-fix update to the
handsets' operating system caused problems and that was swiftly followed by what
the tech media dubbed 'Bendgate'. Users complained that the iPhone 6 Plus bent
when carried in a pocket. The complaints led to a host of YouTube videos and a
flurry of social media activity detailing how easy it was to deform the handsets
but Apple countered by revealing that only 9 customers out of the initial 10
million had lodged a complaint about their handset.

Consumer Reports also carried out tests on the latest iPhones alongside the
closest competitors -- the HTC One, Samsung Galaxy Note 3, the LG G3 as well as
the iPhone 5 to test the validity of claims. It found that the HTC One and
iPhone 6 were more likely to bend under pressure than the iPhone 6 Plus and that
with all of the handsets tested: "It took significant force to do this kind of
damage to all these phones," Consumer Reports concluded. "While nothing is
(evidently) indestructible, we expect that any of these phones should stand up
to typical use."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

LENGTH: 989  words


Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever."

Tony Zhan, 32, holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus after it went on sale at the Apple
store in Pasadena, California September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event The stumbles
blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling that was
meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based company
had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up[#xff0d]not decelerate[#xff0d]as the new iPhones
become available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went
on sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event "It will do
nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim Bajarin, an
analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending phones and iOS
problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Bendgate continues: UK robots return to test iPhone 6 bending

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 325 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple yet to comment on growing reports of iPhone 6 Plus unsolicited
flexibility.


UK firm SquareTrade, which recently issued this report testing the strength of
Apple's latest iPhones against their competitors, has called on its
mettle-testing robots once again to confirm reports of the iPhone 6 Plus
bending.

In what is now being dubbed 'bendgate', some iPhone 6 Plus owners are claiming
to witness their phones 'bend' in front pockets when seated for long periods of
time.

Reports first surfaced on the MacRumors website and numerous other blogs have
claimed that Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus is 'bending' in users' pockets.

SquareTrade's first iPhone 6 tests found that the iPhone 6 Plus was more robust
than a Samsung Galaxy S5, receiving a score of 5. The Galaxy S5 got a 6.5.

The test, carried out by robots that assess mobile phones on their size, weight,
panel strength, and drop endurance, gives marks out of 10 on a 'breakability
index', with a score of 10 signifying the highest risk.

SquareTrade said: "We've seen the reports in the last 24 hours of bendability
and we're keeping a very close eye on customer feedback. A "bendability test"
hasn't been part of our breakability testing to date because up until this week
we've never seen a phone thin enough to make this a potential issue.

"We've seen the volume of reports of bending today and the clear interest in the
subject. Because we're flexible, we're carrying out a further test later today
to investigate how much of an issue this might be for users. It's important to
stress that this won't have any comparative data. It'll be a view based on one
phone - no bend, no bias, no warp - just SquareTrade's opinion on how much of an
issue this might be."

Apple has yet to respond to the incidents, but that hasn't stopped competitors
jumping in to mock the firm. Chocolate teabreak advocates KitKat posted this
Tweet yesterday:

Some experts have suggested it is the combination of a large screen and
lightweight aluminium casing which is causing the phones to bend so easily.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 12, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple targets mass market, iPhone 6 to cost cheaper this year!

LENGTH: 1592  words


Apple unveiled the Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus at its event held on September 9
in California, and priced these for $199 for the iPhone 6 16GB version and $299
for the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB version, both with two year contract. These were
pretty good prices, especially if you convert these in to INR! As the prices of
the phones for the US and UK market were revealed, it was obvious for people in
markets like India to make speculation around the possible price of the newbies
in their respective countries. In our case, new iPhones price in India became a
national issue!

Taking hint from the Apple's pricing strategy in the history some people even
speculated the prices for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to go up to a Lakh (A seller on
Ebay even priced it for that much!). The price speculation got even intense when
Apple suddenly decided to change the launch date of the phones to October 17
(the Friday before Diwali), from what it had earlier flashed to be September 27.
However, Apple seems to be indecisive about the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus debut in
India, as it now has removed the launch date information from its website in
India, leading to even more speculations being made around their launch date as
well as prices! And as usual, the company is keeping a mum about it!

We know about the features and specifications of the phones, and also know that
the new iPhones this year do not really bring much design innovation or boast
unique features, which otherwise is the 'USP' of Apple! The lack-of-innovation
factor has left many Apple fans disappointed to a great extend, and left some
completely heartbroken! (We have our sympathies with them!) But doesn't a
mediocre design, which resembles some of the Android phones, indicate something!

We ask you that what you think is the USP of the new iPhones! Is it the bigger
display or better processing power and camera or something else! Well, we
believe that it is the 'price' of the phones this time. We strongly believe that
the company will launch these phones at a surprisingly low price point in India.
Not convinced? We tell you why!

Lock it!

Last year, Apple partnered with Reliance and Airtel to launch the locked
variants of the iPhone 5S and 5C on contract basis. Under this, the company was
offering the iPhone 5S and 5C at subsidized rates under a contract model for
those buying the new iPhones from the network operator. The company was letting
consumer buy these iPhones by paying upfront costs as low as zero! As a part of
the contract, users were supposed to pay fixed monthly charges for 2 years.
Though, there were terms and conditions applied. The contact model seemed
attractive with the Own-an-iPhone-5S-or-5C-for-free, but got a mixed bag of
reactions from consumers. Apple was essentially testing if Indian consumers were
open to the idea of contract-based phones. With these contact plans in line,
Apple figured out how its consumers in India would react to its contract-based
future iPhones.

If Apple introduces the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India on subsidized prices
this year as well, bundling better operator service plans, it could change the
market dynamics completely. The 16GB versions of the iPhone 6 priced at $199 and
iPhone 6 Plus priced at $299,w hich translates to INR 12,100 approximately and
INR 18,200 approximately respectively, before import taxes and other duties.
With taxes and duties, this would come to INR 15,000 and INR 23,000 respectively
(speculated prices). Also, considering that iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are assembled by
FoxConn in China, if Apple imports these devices directly from China it will
reduce the import duty that the company would pay otherwise for bringing the
stocks via the US. This could result in comparatively lower prices. (A little
trick indeed, which could help Apple gain a hold in Indian market!)

If introduced at such low price points, the iPhone 6 could hit the market of the
Android phones that are placed in the affordable segment, while iPhone 6 Plus
can easily beat against those priced upward of INR 20K. For the iPhone 5S which
has now been reduced to $99 (that is somewhere around INR 5000 on a simple
currency conversion), and iPhone 5C which is available for free in the US (do we
need to do a coversion here?), if launched at good prices on contract even for
two years, you can very well imagine what will happen to the budget market
curently dominated by Xiaomi RedMi 1S and Motorola Moto E.

Planned well (of course, we are talking about on-contrct iphones), Apple iPhone
6 Plus could affect the likes of Sony Xperia Z3, premium Samsung phones,
including the Alpha and Note 4, HTC One M8 and others. Apple iPhone 6 could
affect the market for the likes of Sony Xperia Z3 Compact,  Motorola's Moto X,
HTC Desire 830 and Nexus 5. The placement of iPhone 5S would hit Motorola Moto G
(2nd gen) priced at INR 12,999, Micromax's newly launched Canvas Nitro priced at
INR 12,990, Xiaomi Mi 3 priced at INR 13,999, and many other such devices in
this segment.

Why would Apple do so? Why not!

It's a different Apple this time?

With Steve Jobs as Apple's head who announced that he could go "thermonuclear on
Android" and will go everything possible to kill Android, going budget would not
have been possible. But with Tim Cook now taking the battle forward, it seems
very much on the horizon. The re-launch of a cheaper iPhone 4 8GB last year; EMI
options on iPhone last year, students discount on iPhones, regular discounts
throughout the year (aggressively after January 2014) and (1) an Android-like OS
this year (2) an Android phone like form factor this year (3) well aware of the
fact that people in India are crazy about iPhones, but it is the budget
constraint that inhibits them to go for a INR 50K phone - Apple is clearly
pitching the budget handset market. The only hindrance in Apple's approach could
be the price factor, which if strategically planned has the potential to steal
away market share from most of the popular budget players.

The Boss who could take risk and challenge

The way Tim Cook has gone bigger on an iPad, philanthropic about Apple's
manufacturing, ditching the premium design of iPhone in favor of a mediocre
design, gone to China and looking at it as its major market (which Steve Jobs
would have never done, except the love of music which connects the two Apple
executives!) - Tim Cook has emerged as a Boss who takes risks, (we can't call
him an innovator though!) and it won't be hard to accept if he decides to play
around prices this time. Well, this means he would take another risk this time
which we speculate will pay him back.

READ - 5 ingredients for a new Apple pie: Will Tim Cook become the new Innovator
of Steve Jobs' company?

Ever seen Apple as aggressive as today?

Moreover, Apple is following an aggressive marketing to improve its market
share, and that was clearly visible in its recent event. There were mainly FOUR
moves that Apple made to prove that it is targeting mid-range segment as well as
Android with its new devices.

(1) iOS8, Android Style!

The first thing to notice was that the company has somewhat simplified features
and services in its latest iOS 8 update. It seems more user-friendly, and
closely resembles Android. Be it the flatter icons, support for third party
Keyboards, iCloud Drive, improved Siri with 'Hey, Siri' voice command support to
launch the voice assistant, interactive notifications, voice message support and
location sharing support in iMessage service and more, Android already offers
similar features on its interface.

CNet says that, "They (Android fans) say imitation (by Apple) is the sincerest
form of flattery - well, many of Apple's "new" features are already available on
Google's operating system and have been for quite some time."

(2) And the mysteriously missing 'i' this time

Secondly, Apple chose to leave the 'I' behind for its new wallet service and
named it as the Apple Pay, which is a landmark statement to show that it is
creating a new identity for its services.

This could mean that the company might would want to keeps premium products and
services (without an 'I') and with the premium established brand name that
carries the 'I', go budget 'actually'.

While the 'I' stood for seamless connectivity with the 'Internet' according to
Jobs, chucking it out could also mean taking a step forward towards changing the
identity of products itself.

(3) Apple Pay: Apple way to Pay (Chuck out the Wallet please!)

The Apple Pay is put against the Android Wallet, though both are not available
in India. However, Apple's partnership with Mastercard, Visa card, and American
Express, and easy and secure transaction system could be done to make it easily
operational in emerging markets as well.

(4) We probably forgot to mention 3G market this time

As seen on the company's website, Apple would most likely partner with Aircel
and Airtel for offering on-contract iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India, unlike
last year when it had partnered with Reliance Communications as well as Airtel.
Now the point to notice is that while Airtel has its 4G network in few cities in
India, Reliance is in the process of building a pan-India 4G network, but Aircel
is a purely 3G player, with very good presence in 2 tier markets. Apple
especially mentioned that iPhone 6 would support 20 LTE bands, it would not
really pitch only the LTE segment in India. Its possible partnership with Aircel
could mean launch in 3G markets as well, which is known to go crazy only about
budget phones.

Is not it convincing enough! Do write to us what do you think about it!

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                              Australian3 Edition

Size counts: iPhone back in the fight

BYLINE: Chris Griffith, Review

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 400  words


APPLE'S two new iPhones are well crafted and delightfully thin, and their bigger
screen sizes and modern looks put them back in the fight against the
ever-improving Android opposition.

That's my view having spent a week with the larger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
It was obviously a difficult move for Apple to upsize its phones and screens. In
2007 when the original iPhone came out, the screen was 3.5 inches and crept up
only half an inch over six years.

But Apple finally relented to the popularity of larger phones by launching an
iPhone 6 model with a 4.7-inch screen, along with a very big iPhone 6 Plus
"phablet" that takes on characteristics of a phone and small tablet.

After using both, my view is that traditional iPhone users will have no trouble
adapting to the moderately larger iPhone 6. It's 0.7mm thinner than its
predecessor, the iPhone 5S, and just 17g heavier. It's light to hold and light
in the pocket.

If your main actions are calling, emailing, SMS, calendars and messaging, you'd
want the iPhone 6. But if you're into watching or shooting video, or mobile
gaming, or need a phone with a little extra battery life, the 6 Plus is the go.

It has a higher resolution screen and lets apps display in both portrait and
landscape orientations as they would on an iPad. It also boasts extended
features such as optical image stabilisation. The 6 Plus camera lens is
supported by small springs that smooth out jolting action while shooting video
on the go.

The back-facing cameras on both models offer more functions, such as
super-slow-motion video capture at 240 frames per second, and shooting
time-lapse video.

The addition of a near-field communication chip and "secure element" on both
handsets readies them for Apple Pay. Soon, you will be able to pay at shops by
waving your phone in front of a scanner. Apple Pay is tipped to launch here next
year. Apple also has debuted a new Health app that will collate activity and
health monitoring from a mountain of fitness devices. It's set up to track
almost 70 health attributes.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus definitely lack some of the advanced features of newer
Android phones, such as Quad HD displays and 4K video shooting. The iPhone also
isn't waterproof.But with an iPhone, you'll continue to enjoy Apple's extensive
ecosystem of apps, and soon Apple Pay, health monitoring and home automation
management. You are a member of Club Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                               Australian Edition

Size counts: iPhone back in the fight

BYLINE: Chris Griffith, Review

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 400  words


APPLE'S two new iPhones are well crafted and delightfully thin, and their bigger
screen sizes and modern looks put them back in the fight against the
ever-improving Android opposition.

That's my view having spent a week with the larger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
It was obviously a difficult move for Apple to upsize its phones and screens. In
2007 when the original iPhone came out, the screen was 3.5 inches and crept up
only half an inch over six years.

But Apple finally relented to the popularity of larger phones by launching an
iPhone 6 model with a 4.7-inch screen, along with a very big iPhone 6 Plus
"phablet" that takes on characteristics of a phone and small tablet.

After using both, my view is that traditional iPhone users will have no trouble
adapting to the moderately larger iPhone 6. It's 0.7mm thinner than its
predecessor, the iPhone 5S, and just 17g heavier. It's light to hold and light
in the pocket.

If your main actions are calling, emailing, SMS, calendars and messaging, you'd
want the iPhone 6. But if you're into watching or shooting video, or mobile
gaming, or need a phone with a little extra battery life, the 6 Plus is the go.

It has a higher resolution screen and lets apps display in both portrait and
landscape orientations as they would on an iPad. It also boasts extended
features such as optical image stabilisation. The 6 Plus camera lens is
supported by small springs that smooth out jolting action while shooting video
on the go.

The back-facing cameras on both models offer more functions, such as
super-slow-motion video capture at 240 frames per second, and shooting
time-lapse video.

The addition of a near-field communication chip and "secure element" on both
handsets readies them for Apple Pay. Soon, you will be able to pay at shops by
waving your phone in front of a scanner. Apple Pay is tipped to launch here next
year. Apple also has debuted a new Health app that will collate activity and
health monitoring from a mountain of fitness devices. It's set up to track
almost 70 health attributes.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus definitely lack some of the advanced features of newer
Android phones, such as Quad HD displays and 4K video shooting. The iPhone also
isn't waterproof.But with an iPhone, you'll continue to enjoy Apple's extensive
ecosystem of apps, and soon Apple Pay, health monitoring and home automation
management. You are a member of Club Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday

Mobile plans: New iPhone models to cost more;
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models, on sale from next Friday, will cost from $10 to
$100 more than their predecessors

BYLINE: Irene Tham

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 442 words


Apple's new iPhones will be dearer than their predecessors for consumers who buy
them under a mobile plan from any of the three telcos here.

Yesterday, Singtel and StarHub released the prices of the latest iPhone 6s and
6s Plus models, which will go on sale here next Friday. Under most of the mobile
plans, the new phones will cost between $10 and $100 more than the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus when they were launched last year.

This is consistent with the increased prices of the handsets when sold without a
mobile plan.

The basic 16GB model of the iPhone 6s will go for $568 under Singtel's Combo 2
plan. This is $60 more than the 16GB model of the iPhone 6 with the same plan.
Under a similarly priced mobile plan by StarHub, the phone will cost $561. M1,
which released its prices on Wednesday, will sell the same phone for $570 under
its i-Lite+ plan, which last Thursday was raised to $42 a month.

The $1 mobile subscription fee increase is seen across most of M1's mobile
plans, although the price of its entry-level $28-a-month plan stays the same.

Singtel and StarHub have not adjusted their mobile plan prices.

IDC Asia-Pacific senior market analyst Kiranjeet Kaur said that the pricier
phones "will not be construed as an unfair play by telcos since the retail
prices of the handsets alone have also gone up".

Without a mobile plan, the basic model of the iPhone 6s will go for $1,048,
which is $50 more than its predecessor.

The basic iPhone 6s Plus model will cost $1,218, or $70 more than the basic 6
Plus model.

The Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are heavier than their predecessors despite
having the same display size and design. The iPhone 6s comes in at 143g, 14g
heavier, and the iPhone 6s Plus at 192g, 20g heavier.

But the heavier form factor is also not expected to deter buying.

"I would expect most people to prefer the 3D Touch Display over the few grams
difference," said Ms Kaur.

The new feature lets the devices support new gestures that are based on pressure
as well as touch.

IT consultant Nigel Tan, 28, is not deterred by the price increase, and is
eyeing the rose gold edition of the 6s Plus.

"I want to enjoy the new features and better hardware," said Mr Tan, adding that
he plans to sell his current 6 Plus model to defray the cost of upgrading.

Those who did not register their interest in the new models with M1 by last
Monday's closing date can walk into any M1 shop to buy the phone from next
Saturday.

StarHub closed its registration of interest on Wednesday, but will accept
walk-in purchases from next Saturday. Singtel said its registration of interest
started on Tuesday and will end soon but did not give a date.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models will also cost more without a
mobile plan than their predecessors a year ago. The basic 16GB models will
retail at $50 to $70 more.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Bigger than Bigger : Apple embraces expanded iPhones

BYLINE: Michelle Quinn

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 204 words


Apple prides itself for breaking new ground, but the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus it introduced Tuesday imitates its competitors, mostly Samsung, by offering
bigger phones.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch screen. The iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch screen. The
older iPhone models isc4 inches on the diagonal. Samsungcs Galaxy is 5.7 inches.

Images of the new phones flashed behind Tim Cook, Applecs CEO, with the slogan,
cBigger than bigger.cc

Why make the switch? Some customers told that they found a bigger screen more
useful. c

Part of the reason Samsung went the route of bigger screens is because many
Asian customers often do not have home computers, relying on their phones for
their computing and Internet access. There is greater demand for the cphabletc
market, says The Guardian.

But Apple has followed others before only to completely outpace them. Think what
happened with the iPod and the MP3 players. Keeping with Applecs aesthetic, the
new iPhones are thinner.

c

Photo:cApple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller
announces the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple special event at
the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on Sept. 9, 2014 in Cupertino. (Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)

c

c

c

c

c

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide
Marketing Phil Schiller announcees the new iPhone 6 during an Apple special
event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in
Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the two new iPhones the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Apple adds wow factor to iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: PHONE HOME; KATIE CINCOTTA

SECTION: A; Pg. C008

LENGTH: 294  words


Apple adds wow factor to iPhone 6 Plus PHONE HOME KATIE CINCOTTA Curvy: The
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

A pple has caught up to the phablet trend set by Android phones and is
showcasing how bigger is better for screen size, processing, photography and
battery power. After two weeks with Apple's voluptuous handset, I can say this
phone is built to hypnotise - its curves are in all the right places; super thin
but wide at 5.5 well- rounded inches, with tough Gorilla glass and a
401-pixel-per-inch Retina HD display.

There are some premium Android phones to match the wow factor of the iPhone, but
none that has the photographic advancements of a five-element lens with a
sapphire crystal cover, auto focus that doesn't require you to touch the screen,
and slo-mo video at 240 frames a second. If iPhone could introduce Android's
share functionality to load photos and posts to your networks, it would attain
perfection.

Apple may have finally conquered battery life, the Plus staying juiced beyond 24
hours.

Even hammering it on social media and video, it still only needed charging every
second day. The speed of the 64-bit A8 chip and 4G LTE on this device is
astonishing.

Moving across the screen feels so fast and smooth it's slippery.

Yes, there are negatives. Folks who want to keep their phone in the back jeans
pocket will hate the Plus size, which hangs out the top. And it's not waterproof
like the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Sony Xperia Z2.

The NFC promise of tap-and-pay isn't coming to Australia until 2015 and will be
locked to Apply Pay. But if you can live with those drawbacks and can afford the
designer pricing, iPhone 6 Plus is a stunner.

iPhone 6 Plus 128GB model, RRP $1249.

Katie Cincotta travelled to Sydney as a guest of Apple for the iPhone 6 launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


       Copyright 2014 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Nikkei Asian Review (Japan)

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6 Plus teardown shows continued use of Japanese parts

LENGTH: 776 words


TADASHI NEZU and TADASHI NAKAMICHI, Nikkei Electronics staff writers and HIROKI
YOMOGITA, Nikkei staff writer

TOKYO -- Pry open Apple's newest and biggest smartphone, the iPhone 6 Plus, and
what you find are circuit boards jampacked with components no bigger than grains
of salt. Those capacitors and other tiny components continue to be a strength of
Japanese manufacturers. But a deeper look makes it clear that Japan's component
makers also played supporting roles in many of the new features that are the
main selling points of the new smartphone, such as the camera's robust image
stabilization.

The Nikkei Electronics office of Nikkei Business Publications tore down an
iPhone 6 Plus to see Apple's design concepts for the new smartphone.

The 5.5-inch screen of the iPhone 6 Plus is a big step up from the 4-inch
screens of its predecessors, and gives a bright, sharp picture. But the new
smartphone goes beyond that to offer a variety of new features, and the number
of parts has gone up accordingly.

Better together

The brain of the device is Apple's new A8 processor. Nikkei Electronics thinks
that this chip was made by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC), the major
Taiwanese semiconductor foundry, using CMOS (complementary metal-oxide
semiconductor) technology with a 20-nanometer circuit linewidth process. That is
a more advanced technology than was used to make the chips for previous iPhones
and it gives the smartphone higher performance and the ability to accommodate
more graphics processing features.

Fomalhaut Techno Solutions also did a teardown of the iPhone 6 Plus and counted
more than 1,100 parts, which is 300 more than the iPhone 5s. One reason is the
need for more components around the processor to counter noise and enable the
capture of higher-resolution images. The iPhone 6 Plus also has far more
components like filter circuits to separate out wavelengths, making it better at
handling the different frequency bands used for high-speed Long-Term Evolution
wireless communication in different markets around the world.

Two-thirds of the additional components are extremely tiny parts measuring just
0.4-by-0.2mm, and basically all of these so-called 0402 components are  made by
Japanese companies, according to Fomalhaut Techno Solutions director Minatake
Kashio.

It is fair to say that Japanese electronic component manufacturers like Murata
Manufacturing, TDK and Taiyo Yuden provide the foundation for the high
performance of the iPhone 6 Plus.

One other noteworthy Japanese-made component making its debut on the iPhone 6
Plus is the optical image stabilization actuator that is used for the
8-megapixel camera. This high-performance actuator, normally used in camcorders,
is one of the special features of the new smartphone and it appears that Mitsumi
Electric and Alps Electric are the exclusive suppliers.

New clues

Apple's penchant for style shines through in the Apple logo on the back of the
handset. On earlier generations of the iPhone, this logo is drawn by processing
the surface of the aluminum material used for the body. But on the 6 Plus, it is
formed from a separate piece of stainless steel with a mirrorlike finish. Making
and attaching this extra component certainly involved added steps, and one can
infer that Apple took the trouble in order to make its logo look more
attractive.

But the Apple logo-shaped hole in the center of the stainless steel suggests
there may be another reason for all this. It may be that this logo and its hole
are the fruits of a process of technological trial and error. As one analyst
speculated, this hole initially may have been there to attach the antenna for
near-field communications. Another possibility is that it is there to support
wireless battery charging in the future.

The teardown showed that Apple continues to use the same lineup of manufacturers
for iPhone components such as the communications processor and the lithium-ion
battery.

On the other hand, the total number of companies supplying parts for the iPhone
may be trending downward. Apple switched to the use of a module integrating the
filters and amplifiers with the high-frequency circuits for capturing LTE
signals, and other circuits in the iPhone 6 Plus are made by fewer manufacturers
than in previous generations. As the processors and other chips become more
integrated and incorporate analog components, even fewer manufacturers may get a
bite of future Apple business.

So manufacturers of electronic components will continue to develop new products,
but with an eye out for the direction Apple is taking in its product planning.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

LENGTH: 994  words


Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Tony Zhan, 32, holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus after it went on sale at the Apple
store in Pasadena, California September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event The stumbles
blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling that was
meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based company
had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up[#xff0d]not decelerate[#xff0d]as the new iPhones
become available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went
on sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event "It will do
nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim Bajarin, an
analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending phones and iOS
problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:34 AM GMT

Apple's new iPhone, iPad and Apple TV explained[#x200b];
Everything you need to know about the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the new iPad
Pro tablet and the changes to Apple TV

BYLINE: By walesonline

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 762 words


Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California last
night.

The tech giants revealed a new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, along with a giant iPad
Pro tablet and the new Apple TV.

It's available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

RELATED:  Relive the iPhone, iPad pro and Apple TV live launch

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

RELATED: This simple trick will help you find out how strong your iPhone signal
really is

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October.

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store, which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook says "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

Will you be first in the queue for Apple's latest gadgets?

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               September 17, 2014

One iPhone 6, Different Prices

BYLINE: Prince Osuagwu

LENGTH: 618 words


There is arguably nowhere in the world that new mobile phones penetrate the
market faster than Nigeria. The news of a new mobile phone is received with
exhilaration which eventually spark off acquisition competition.

Nigerians buy phones for fun. While many enjoy the features and functionalities
of latest innovations, others buy for fashion and style, or even status symbol.

Device makers may have noticed this and apparently tilt prices depending on the
level of 'craze' users in different regions show towards the devices.

When the news filtered in that the just released Apple iPhone 6 was in the
making, many Nigerians had already started saving for it. This was irrespective
of having almost all the different series of the iPhone smartphone in their
possessions. Nobody wants to be with the outdated!

Incidentally, Nigerians were not the only iPhone users anticipating the release
of the device or showing 'craze' for it. Across Europe, Asia, Africa and even
the Americas, the iPhone frenzy was rife.

And boom! Last week, Apple not only released the much awaited iPhone 6, but
added a plus specification, the iphone6+. The devices are larger than the
regular iphone. They are also embedded with near field communications, NFC,
which Apple says offer a more secure and fingerprint-based way to pay for goods
and services.

Apple's claim of superior security features with the NFC threatens the credit
and debit cards and may render them redundant, if proven worthwhile.

According to Apple, with the NFC, users will be able to hold their phone on a
standard credit card reader, and the payment will be processed only when a
fingerprint is used to verify their identity. The company claims that, for the
first time, vendors will not see any details about the customer, such as their
name, address or credit card number.

However, a peep into Apple's online shop in US, lists the iPhone 6 at between
$199 and $399 and the Plus at $299-499. Of course those are carrier subsidised
prices, anyway.

But a close look reveals a fairly significant price differentiation in a number
of markets.

Apple's online store in Hong Kong only lists "prices starting at", presumably
for the 16GB versions. But both the 6 and 6 Plus - at HKD5,588 ($720) and
HKD6,388 ($825) - are $90-107 cheaper than in Australia, $70-95 lower than in
Singapore and $30-40 less than in Taiwan.

The iPhone 6 128GB version in Taiwan is $100 less than in Australia and $80 less
than Singapore. For the 16GB model, the difference narrows to $60-40. For the
top 6 Plus handset, which is going for at least $1,100 in the three markets,
prices in Australia and Singapore are almost the same but still about $60 more
than Taiwan. On the 16GB 6 Plus, the gap narrows to $65-55.

The Sydney Morning Herald lists the 6 at AUD869-1,129 ($810-1,050) and the 6
Plus goes for AUD999-1,249. Three memory options are offered: 16GB, 64GB and
128GB for the first time.

In Taiwan the Taipei Times reports the iPhone will be priced at TWD22,500-29,500
($750-950) while the 6 Plus will go for between TWD25,900 and TWD32,900.

The Straits Times in Singapore compiled a fantastic graphic comparing the 6 and
6 Plus and Apple Watch to four or five competitive offerings. Another page lists
prices at SGD988-1,288 ($790-1,030) for the 6 and SGD1,288-1,448 for the 6 Plus.

These are just a few tips to the price variations that users' craze for newer
versions of strong mobile brands can bring about.

Right now, pricing has not been released in Nigeria, where Apple has one of its
strongest authorised resellers, Core Group Africa. But the truth is that
Nigerian iPhone lovers wishing to have this new beaut, may just prepare to cough
out between N120,000 to 200,000 or even much more.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple grapples with gaffes after iPhone 6 launch

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 761 words


CUPERTINO -- Just a week after its new iPhones were greeted with rave reviews
and record sales, Apple has been beset by a rare bout of bad publicity.

First, reports surfaced that its new iPhones were at risk of bending. Then the
company was forced to yank a bug-riddled update for iOS, its operating system
for phones and tablets. That left the valley's consummate perfectionist doing
damage control at an inopportune time, with customers flooding into stores to
check out the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The missteps helped send its stock
lower by nearly 4 percent Thursday and may nick Apple's reputation for polished
devices that work right out of the box, analysts say.

"They seem to be scrambling over at Apple to try to get things right," said
analyst Matt Margolis of PTT Research.

Apple's public relations arm sprang into action after the gaffes. The company
apologized for glitches in the iOS update, which was shelved a little more than
an hour after its release Wednesday after users complained they were unable to
make calls or use the fingerprint sensor. Apple said fewer than 40,000 users
downloaded the software, and late Thursday the company released a new update.

Meanwhile, the company is standing by its hardware, downplaying reports that its
new phones can become bent if people sit with them in their pockets. Social
media sites were teeming with photos of warped phones -- particularly the iPhone
6 Plus -- branded with the hashtag "bendgate." But despite the flurry of posts,
Apple said it had heard from just nine people complaining of a bent iPhone 6
Plus.

"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare," an Apple spokeswoman said
in a statement.

Finding flaws in new Apple products is a popular parlor game in Silicon Valley,
and several analysts said they suspected complaints about bent phones were
overblown. Though Apple enjoys a sterling reputation, its past is not without
trouble. Users complained of dropped calls and poor reception with the iPhone 4
because of the design of its antenna, and Apple led some drivers astray when it
swapped out Google Maps with its own mapping software in 2012.

"Neither of those tainted Apple's reputation, and I do not think this will,
either," Carolina Milanesi, chief of research and head of U.S. business at
Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, wrote in an email.

But the botched software update may be more troubling. Apple released iOS 8.0.1
to address several bugs in iOS 8, but the fix had far more serious problems.

"The quality control is not where it should be," said analyst Bob O'Donnell of
TECHnalysis Research.

And users may be sensitive to any imperfections in the 6 Plus, which costs $750
without a contract. Like last year's iPhone 5S, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are made
with an aluminum shell, most likely chosen because it is lightweight and
inexpensive, said Robert Ritchie, a materials science and engineering professor
at UC Berkeley. Although aluminum is very malleable, it can be strengthened
considerably when it is alloyed, said Ritchie, noting that most commercial
airplanes have aluminum shells.

"It certainly works for aircraft," Ritchie said. "It should work for an iPhone."

But users can exert more force with a bigger device, upping the odds of a bend,
Ritchie said. The screen on the iPhone 6 Plus measures 5.5 inches diagonally, up
from 4 inches for the iPhone 5S.

"It's not surprising that this could happen if it wasn't designed properly,"
Ritchie.

Ritchie added that aluminum alloys are typically treated with heat during
manufacturing to boost their strength. A glitch in that process might be a more
likely explanation for the reports of bending, given Apple's sophisticated
design, he said, meaning manufacturing can be tweaked to resolve the problem.

Users who accidentally bend their iPhones will be covered by SquareTrade, a
company that sells device warranties, spokeswoman Jessica Hoffman said. But so
far, the company has not heard any complaints of bent iPhones, though it has
received dozens of claims stemming from drops and spills, Hoffman said. In an
informal office test of the 6 Plus, a body builder on SquareTrade's staff easily
bent the 6 Plus, but Hoffman said she couldn't dent the device.

As phones become thinner and lighter, bendability is likely to be a new test for
devices, said John Jackson, an analyst at IDC. But he expects Apple to weather
it.

"In past instances we've seen consumers vote with their wallets, and Apple
appears to have enough good will to withstand this," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this June 2, 2014 photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about iOS
8 at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco. Apple has
stopped providing an update to its new iOS 8 mobile operating software,
following complaints by some users who said Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014, that the
update interferes with their ability to make phone calls. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu,
File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 22, 2014 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Buyers Lean Toward iPhone 6 Plus; Supplies Seen As Constrained

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 380 words


With Apple's iPhone 6 Plus on back order online, many Apple fans waited for
hours Friday morning outside stores, hoping to get their hands on one of the
jumbo smartphones when retail sales started.

An IBD survey of 110 customers outside the Apple Store in Reston, Va., Friday
morning found that 73% were there to buy the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The other
27% were looking to get the 4.7-inch iPhone 6, which is still larger than the
4-inch iPhone 5 series phones. Both handsets went on sale Friday in the U.S. and
nine other markets.

The iPhone 6 Plus costs $100 more than the iPhone 6, which starts at $199 with a
two-year wireless contract. Analysts say that the larger phone is likely to have
a higher profit margin because the additional bill of materials is projected to
be less than $100.

Also good news for Apple's profits, customers are leapfrogging the entry-level
models with 16 gigabytes of data storage for models with 64 GB and 128 GB.

Apple stock, however, fell a fraction Friday.

Of the 110 customers surveyed at the Reston, Va., Apple Store, 62% were buying
64 GB iPhone 6 series phones, 18% wanted 128 GB models and 20% wanted 16 GB
models.

Dennis Shanta of Reston said that he needs a 128 GB model because of all the
high-resolution photos and videos he takes with his phone.

"You take a few minutes of video a day, and the storage fills up fast," he said.
Plus those photos and videos are likely to stay on his phone or in Apple's
iCloud because he rarely downloads them to his personal computer.

With the iPhone 6 Plus, some people will ditch their tablets for the big-screen
phone, or "phablet."

"I can get rid of my iPad and put my iPhone and iPad together," said Nino
Miftarovski of Leesburg, Va. "It's perfect."

Asked about Apple's upcoming smartwatch, the Apple Watch, due out in early 2015,
most are undecided on whether to buy one. Of the 110 people surveyed, 46% are
undecided, 36% say that they won't buy one and 18% say that they will. Among the
undecided, many people said that they wanted to check out the product in stores
first or get more pricing info. Apple says that the smartwatch will start at
$349.

Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White said that he expected "supply-chain
constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus to hold back big sales numbers this
weekend."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 Hobart Edition

Time for a change as devices go slim and sexy

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 421  words


REVIEW FORGET about the TV show in which fat people get thin, Bringing Sexy Back
could be the advertising campaign for the Apple Watch.

The first thing you notice about the Watch is that there isn't much watch to
notice. It comes in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm, and three models.

Those three models mean that the same basic watch is dressed up in three ways,
making it attractive to more than one market, and more than just the tech-heads.

I tried on the Watch and it was noticeably lighter than the Garmin 220 runner's
watch that is usually on my wrist. The Watch Sport, with an alloy case, is even
lighter.

Just like the home button on your iPhone lets you control everything, the
digital crown on the side of the Watch is your first port of call.

Roll it and apps slide up or down, touch it to select what you want. The obvious
question about the Apple Watch is "do you need to wear it as a companion to your
iPhone".

The answer is yes, no and maybe.

Let's say you want to go out for a run. If you have your iPhone with you, the
Watch pairs to the smartphone and uses the GPS in the phone to give you pace and
distance information.

If you don't want to carry an iPhone on your run, the Watch will still measure
your pace and distance using a built-in accelerometer.

You can pair your Watch with a iPhone 5 or higher, and the Watch lets you use
Apple Pay.

So, while you will only be able to use the Apple Pay tap-and-touch with an
iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, if you have a iPhone 5, 5S or 5C and an Apple Watch
you can still tap-and-touch to pay.

While the Apple Watch stole the show, two new iPhones are nothing to scoff at.
The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus were just as expected.

Yes, they are thin. Yes, they are big.

The iPhone 6 Plus, like all phablets, presents a challenge for some small hands.
I had trouble reaching the top of its screen when holding it with one hand - but
the new double tap gesture helps there. Just tap twice (not press) on the home
button and the app drops down so that it only takes up the bottom half of the
screen, putting even the top row of icons within easy reach.

One weakness of the iPhone has always been its battery. The iPhone 6 Plus is
said to give 12 hours of Wi-Fi browsing (compared to 10 hours for the 5S) and 80
hours of audio (40 hours on the iPhone 5S).

Now, with Apple and Samsung both in the phablet market, you no longer have to
compare Apples with oranges.Apple fought a long battle against phablets and
lost. The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus show that some battles are worth
losing.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                October 20, 2016

Apple iPhone 7 Makes Big Q3 Impact In Just 2 Weeks Of Sales

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 384 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Click02-aapl-102016-company.
jpg

The iPhone 7 was only available for the final two weeks of the third quarter,
but it accounted for 43% of Apple's (AAPL) U.S. iPhone sales in Q3, Consumer
Intelligence Research Partners reported Thursday.

"In a quarter with only two weeks of sales, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus grabbed
significant share of iPhones sold," Josh Lowitz, CIRP partner and co-founder,
said in a statement. "We attribute this to slow iPhone sales in the weeks
leading up to the launch of these two new models, as well as a positive
reception for the new 7 and 7 Plus models."

IBD'S TAKE: Apple stock has an IBD Composite Rating of 68, meaning it has
outperformed 68% of stocks in key metrics over the past 12 months. For a list of
better-performing stocks, check out the IBD 50.

CIRP said the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus accounted for 43% of total U.S. iPhone
sales last quarter, with iPhone 7 at 31% and iPhone 7 Plus at 12%.

Meanwhile, the lower-cost iPhone SE, in its first full quarter of availability,
had a 9% share of iPhone sales in the U.S. in Q3, CIRP said. It was the third
most popular iPhone after the two new premium handsets.

Among iPhone 7 and 7 Plus buyers, 17% upgraded from last year's iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, and 36% upgraded from iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Some 9% of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus buyers upgraded from an Android phone, while
17-21% of other iPhone buyers came from Android, CIRP said. The Android
operating system is developed by Alphabet (GOOGL)-owned Google.

Apple is scheduled to report September-quarter results, its fiscal Q4, on
Tuesday after the market close.

Apple stock fell 6 cents to 117.06 on the stock market today.

Apple iPhone Losing Luster In China

Meanwhile, UBS analyst Jinjin Wang reported Thursday that Apple is losing market
share in China to lower-cost domestic brands such as OPPO, Vivo and Huawei.

The homegrown competitors are gaining share thanks to advertising and strong
offline distribution, she said.

Plus, there is "less consumer embarrassment in owning a domestic brand," Wang
said in a research report.

IPhone 7 sales in China are weaker than last year's iPhone 6S because a
"perceived lack of innovation for the 7 has made users hesitant to upgrade,"
Wang said.

RELATED:

Apple Readying Long-Awaited Mac Hardware Refresh

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Apple appeals China ruling to halt some iPhone sales

BYLINE: By Rex Crum, rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 526 words


CUPERTINO -- Apple said Friday that it's doing business as usual in Beijing as
the company appeals a Chinese governmental agency's ruling that banned the sale
of some iPhone models in China's capital city.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau told Apple it had to stop selling the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the city because the smartphones violated a patent
held by Chinese phonemaker Shenzhen Baili. The dispute, which has been going on
for more than a year, is over a patent covering the external design of Shenzhen
Baili's 100C phone.

However, Apple has appealed the order to halt iPhones sales, and said in a
statement, "As a result, the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing
IP (intellectual property) court."

Apple said that during the appeal process, its iPhones, including the iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE, as well as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, "are
all available for sale today in China."

Gene Munster, an analyst who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray, said the clampdown
on the iPhones is more symbolic than anything, due to the timing of the move and
when Apple is likely to release the next iteration of the smartphone. Apple
historically holds an event in early fall to stoke enthusiasm for the newest
iPhone ahead of the Christmas and holiday shopping season.

"The bottom line is that the ruling is unlikely to have any impact on (sales)
numbers because the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus model will be discontinued in
September," Munster said. "Even if the device were banned through all of China
for the September quarter, it would likely be no more than a 2 percent to 3
percent headwind," on Apple's sales during the period.

However, the importance of the Chinese market to Apple can't be underestimated.

China surpassed Europe as Apple's second-largest revenue region last year, and
the country trails only the Americas in terms of Apple's regional sales. When
Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, revenue from China
totaled $12.5 billion, compared to the $19.1 billion that came from sales in the
Americas. Sales in China fell by 26 percent from a year ago, and the performance
of the country was one of the main reasons given for Apple's decline in
year-over-year sales for the first time since 2003.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich agreed with Munster about the Chinese agency's
ruling on Apple's immediate business, but said the decision highlights the
tricky situation Apple faces when it comes to doing business in China. An
example of that came earlier this year, when Apple had to shut down its iBooks
store and sales of iTunes movies due to new Chinese laws against the publishing
of content by foreign companies.

"China is an existential threat to Apple in that the government could decide to
favor local suppliers," Milunovich said. "However, we view this as a long-term
risk."

Along with trying to boost its own sales in China, Apple has invested in other
opportunities in the country. In May, Apple made a $1 billion investment in
ride-sharing company Didi Chuxing, which is considered to be the top rival to
Uber in China.

Contact Rex Crum at 408-278-3415. Follow him on Twttier.com/rexcrum .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Apple appeals China ruling to halt some iPhone sales

BYLINE: By Rex Crum, rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 526 words


CUPERTINO -- Apple said Friday that it's doing business as usual in Beijing as
the company appeals a Chinese governmental agency's ruling that banned the sale
of some iPhone models in China's capital city.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau told Apple it had to stop selling the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the city because the smartphones violated a patent
held by Chinese phonemaker Shenzhen Baili. The dispute, which has been going on
for more than a year, is over a patent covering the external design of Shenzhen
Baili's 100C phone.

However, Apple has appealed the order to halt iPhones sales, and said in a
statement, "As a result, the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing
IP (intellectual property) court."

Apple said that during the appeal process, its iPhones, including the iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE, as well as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, "are
all available for sale today in China."

Gene Munster, an analyst who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray, said the clampdown
on the iPhones is more symbolic than anything, due to the timing of the move and
when Apple is likely to release the next iteration of the smartphone. Apple
historically holds an event in early fall to stoke enthusiasm for the newest
iPhone ahead of the Christmas and holiday shopping season.

"The bottom line is that the ruling is unlikely to have any impact on (sales)
numbers because the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus model will be discontinued in
September," Munster said. "Even if the device were banned through all of China
for the September quarter, it would likely be no more than a 2 percent to 3
percent headwind," on Apple's sales during the period.

However, the importance of the Chinese market to Apple can't be underestimated.

China surpassed Europe as Apple's second-largest revenue region last year, and
the country trails only the Americas in terms of Apple's regional sales. When
Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, revenue from China
totaled $12.5 billion, compared to the $19.1 billion that came from sales in the
Americas. Sales in China fell by 26 percent from a year ago, and the performance
of the country was one of the main reasons given for Apple's decline in
year-over-year sales for the first time since 2003.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich agreed with Munster about the Chinese agency's
ruling on Apple's immediate business, but said the decision highlights the
tricky situation Apple faces when it comes to doing business in China. An
example of that came earlier this year, when Apple had to shut down its iBooks
store and sales of iTunes movies due to new Chinese laws against the publishing
of content by foreign companies.

"China is an existential threat to Apple in that the government could decide to
favor local suppliers," Milunovich said. "However, we view this as a long-term
risk."

Along with trying to boost its own sales in China, Apple has invested in other
opportunities in the country. In May, Apple made a $1 billion investment in
ride-sharing company Didi Chuxing, which is considered to be the top rival to
Uber in China.

Contact Rex Crum at 408-278-3415. Follow him on Twttier.com/rexcrum .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

The latest device has six appeal;
iPhone has improved - its battery lasts longer and it's convenient and secure,
writes Amy Wu

BYLINE: Amy Wu

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS; Pg. 09

LENGTH: 638 words


iPhone users have given the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus the thumbs up. Since the
launch of Apple's latest version of the iPhone in September, the iPhone 6 has
earned more praise than criticism from consumers and analysts. Although the
changes from 5 to 6 are not dramatic, safer, lighter and faster, despite its
expanded girth, are some descriptions from iPhone 6 owners.

"It hasn't taken away any of the features, it has only enhanced them," says Ron
Yaros, a journalism professor at the University of Maryland. "It's everything
that I had in the iPhone 5 except it's more convenient and secure."

We took a closer look at the iPhone 6 and Plus, including a test drive at the
Apple store.

Here are the pros and cons that we found.

Size - Expanded screen, 4.7 inches for the iPhone 6 and 5.5 inches for the
iPhone 6 Plus, makes it easier on the eyes from scrolling through eBooks,
watching movies or online shopping. A major perk is the feel. "It's lighter and
thinner and plays well with keys and other things in my pocket," Yaros says. The
iPhone 6 is 6.9mm thick and weighs only 129g, while the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 6
Plus is 7.1mm thick and weighs 172g.

According to a sales specialist at Apple, Apple's decision to expand the screen
size was not ignited by its main competitor Samsung. "The iPhone 6 addresses
some market demands for a larger screen phone and obviously a very big phone. It
offers a better camera and better battery life," says Walter Piecyk, an analyst
with BTIG in New York who covers Apple Inc.

Safety With cyber and data security growing concerns, the iPhone 6 offers safety
upgrades including the TouchID censor where users can now lock and unlock with
their fingerprint. "It's not only a great thing privacy-wise but also makes
sending quick messages easier than ever," says Kelsey Knoche, a student at the
University of Maryland.

Speed Much faster than previous versions. Just try surfing the web - it worked
especially well with Safari.

Battery life - Battery life is important for most smartphone users, and the
iPhone 6 offers an additional four to five hours of battery life compared to
iPhone 5.

Camera and videos The iSight camera includes enhanced focus systems, and
two-tone flash. New video features include slow motion and time-lapse video
mode. "I feel more comfortable than ever using it as my main camera," says one
iPhone 6 owner.

Memory You now have a storage choice of 16 GB, or for HK$775 more, 64 GB or 128
GB. Christopher Caso, senior analyst at Susquehanna Financial Group in New York,
calls the memory increase a "very shrewd move" from Apple. "For HK$775 more, you
get a 64 GB phone. You get more for your money," he says.

ios8 Allows access to features including the Apple HealthKit, and an iCloud
drive that works similarly to DropBox. The ios8 also allows users to sync their
Apple devices, so that iPhone users can answer phone calls on Mac or iPad.

Screen Although the screens feature retina HD, the screen is still breakable as
the much anticipated sapphire screen did not manifest.

"Like all iPhones, the screen is very breakable so I wish that was something
that had been more improved with this model," Knoche says.

Price Without a two-year plan, the iPhone 6 or plus ranges from HK$5,037 to
HK$6,587, not counting bells and whistles, such as HK$271 for a case in Apple
retail stores.

Lock/Unlock button The button has been moved to the right side of the phone, and
for long-time iPhone users, this takes some getting used to.

In the end, some consumers decided to snag the iPhone 6 simply because, well,
it's Apple.

"While the changes overall aren't huge, the little changes Apple was able to
make in making the 6 have been really great and I love the phone so far," Knoche
says. "And I love to have the latest model so that definitely played a part as
well."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Expanded screens make it easier on the eyes from watching movies or
online shopping.; Most iPhone 6 users are happy with their phone, saying it has
enhanced features. Photos: Kyodo, May Tse

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple sells 10 million new iPhones in 3 days

BYLINE: BRIAN X. CHEN and MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 556 words

ABSTRACT

Sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus beat sales of last year's new models in their
first three days.

FULL TEXT

Early sales of Apple's new iPhones have lived up to high expectations.

Apple said on Monday that it had sold more than 10 million of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus models in the first three days they were available in stores. That is more
than the nine million new iPhones it sold last year in their first weekend on
sale.

The phones' larger screens - 4.7 diagonal inches for the 6 and 5.5 for the 6
Plus - are a considerable jump from the 4-inch screens of earlier iPhones.

The iPhone sales were on the upper end of financial analysts' expectations,
which ranged from 6.5 million to the ''low teens'' of millions of sales.

The strong sales mirror growing consumer demand for smartphones with bigger
screens. IDC, a research firm, estimated that at least 20 percent of all
smartphones shipped last year in China, the largest smartphone market in the
world, were five inches or larger. It also predicted that manufacturers this
year would ship more ''phablets,'' or smartphones with screens measuring at
least 5.5 diagonal inches, than laptops.

Apple's investors - much like Hollywood producers tracking the first few days of
ticket sales for a blockbuster movie - closely watch first-weekend sales for the
iPhone because they are a reflection of consumer demand. The iPhone is still
Apple's biggest cash cow, accounting for about 70 percent of its profit. So
early sales can help predict quarterly or even annual results for the company,
based in Cupertino, Calif.

But some analysts, like Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray, wondered whether
first-weekend sales were still a reliable measure for consumer demand. Apple's
iPhone is already immensely popular in many countries, so early sales may be
more of a sign of how many iPhones Apple and its manufacturing partners can
initially produce, he said before the announcement.

Walter Piecyk, managing director at BTIG Research, an industry firm, agreed.
''The first weekend iPhone sales number continues to be more about how much
Apple can supply than what the demand is in the market,'' he said.

Timothy D. Cook, Apple's chief executive, said as much on Monday. Apple ''could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply, and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible,'' he said in a statement.

The latest iPhones also missed out on a big market: China. Apple has delayed the
release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus there, apparently because the devices have
not yet received approval from Chinese regulators. Yet despite missing out on
hundreds of millions of potential Chinese customers, Apple impressed analysts
with its weekend performance.

''Even without China, Apple was able to move $6.5 billion of product in three
days, which would be impressive for any industry,'' Mr. Piecyk said.

The introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on Friday was the second time Apple
released two new iPhones at the same time. Last year, Apple introduced the
iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C, a colorful plastic model sold at a lower price.

Apple is treating the iPhone 5C differently from past iPhones. Traditionally,
Apple has upgraded each iPhone once a year, with improvements like faster chips
and better cameras. But this month, Apple said it would continue to sell the
same 5C, but at a lower cost.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

License trips iPhone retailers in China

SECTION: INDUSTRIES

LENGTH: 163 words


Although China's largest carriers have been ready to roll out iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the cell phones are now reportedly waiting for China's network
access license from the stry of Industry and Information Technology.

The ministry usually distributes licenses twice a month. But as the new iPhone
had missed the deadline earlier this month, another chance might come near the
end of this month, China Business News reported Thursday.

Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and  all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-order
service, which was launched earlier this month.

By Wednesday, China Mobile had received 72,000 pre-orders, China Unicom 15,000
and China Telecom 18,000.

Besides the three carriers, other retailers in China are also ready for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus sales.

On Wednesday, Chinese large  sites Taobao.com and Paipai.com launched special
sections to accept iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Turkish Newswire

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple puts iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on sale in Turkey

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: ISTANBUL



 Apple put its latest smartphones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, on sale in
Turkey and 21 other countries early on Friday morning, including Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Taiwan and European states such as Belgium and the Netherlands.

Customers wanting to be the first to purchase Apple's newest smartphones in
Turkey formed long queues in front of electronic stores on Thursday evening. The
stores let the enthusiastic customers in at the midnight.

"I have been waiting for this for a month. I am very happy to be one of the
first people to buy this phone," said Ataberk Calaz after his early-morning
purchase.

The iPhone 6 16 GB model is on sale in Turkey for TL 2,349 ($1,038); the 64 GB
and 128 GB models are available for purchase at TL 2,649 ($1,170) and TL 2,949
($1,303), respectively.

The larger screen iPhone 6 Plus' 16 GB, 34 GB and 128 GB models cost TL 2,649
($1,170), TL 2,949 ($1,303) and TL 3,249 ($1,435), respectively.

Apple had put the new iPhone models on sale earlier in the United States, UK,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Puerto Rico and Singapore. Sales
for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded a record 10 million during the first
weekend the phones were available for purchase.

In addition to Turkey, the new iPhone models were put on sale in Austria,
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and the United Arab Emirates.

Apple plans to put the new phones on sale in more than 100 countries by the end
of the year.

Apple responded on Thursday to complaints that the iPhone 6 Plus phones "bend,"
saying this is extremely rare during normal use and that it has so far received
only nine such complaints from customers.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

New iPhones to be available on grey market from Saturday

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 535 words


Dubai

Pre-booked Apple aficionados can get their hands on the new iPhones from the
grey market starting Saturday but at a premium.

Online traders said there is a strong demand for Apple's new phones in the UAE.

"We have started getting strong pre-orders and the traffic on our website is
very high," Omar Kassim, CEO and founder of JadoPado.com, told Gulf News.

"We have started pre-bookings three days ago for iPhone 6 and the demand has
been overwhelming. We haven't started pre-booking for the bigger iPhone 6 Plus
as there is a shortage at the moment. The demand has been much more than the
older Apple models," he said.

Both du and etisalat are starting the pre-bookings from Thursday at 12.01am on
their websites. However, etisalat's website had already started accepting
pre-bookings (registrations) from Wednesday.

The telecom operators were not available to comment on the pricing and the
availability. Du's website said that the phones will be available from September
27.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the
UAE from September 27 at all retail outlets.

"We have been told to be ready for the September 27 launch from etisalat. The
demand should be really strong and we are getting a lot of enquiries," said
Ashish Panjabi, COO at Jacky's Electronics.

Kassim said that some customers will get it on Saturday and others will get it
on Sunday.

"We have got pre-bookings from more than 500 customers but we will be getting
only 150 phones. The pre-booked customers will get it on Saturday," said Naushad
Pava, customer service agent at mygsm.me.

He said that all the customers want the devices on Saturday itself so "we are
finding it very difficult" to supply.

"The demand is more for iPhone 6 Plus and especially for the 128GB," he said.

"We have enough stocks to meet the demand. The demand is definitely going to be
strong due to the bigger screen sizes. The form factor hasn't changed for the
past two years, so many of the Apple customers moved to other smartphone makers
due to bigger screen sizes. Since Apple has come out with bigger screen sizes,
many of the Apple fans will revert to iPhones," he said.

Apple already got more than four million pre-orders in the first 24 hours of the
launch.

An industry source close to the telecom operators said that the iPhone 6 starts
from Dh2,749 and 6 Plus from Dh3,149.

JadoPado is selling the iPhone 6 (16GB) for Dh4,349, 32GB for Dh4,849 and 128GB
for Dh5,349 while mygsm is selling the iPhone 6 (16GB) for Dh2,999, 32GB for
Dh3,350, 128GB for Dh3,900, iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) for Dh3,900, 32GB for Dh4,500,
128GB for Dh5,300.

Regarding the high pricing, Kassim said that all the stocks coming into the UAE
are alternatively sourced and it is passing through at least three or four
suppliers before we get our hands on it.

Apple's online store in the UAE to start pre-bookings from September 27 for the
new iPhones and the iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver and space grey, and will be
available for Dh2,599 for the 16GB model, Dh2,999 for the 64GB model and, for
the first time, a new 128GB model for Dh3,399. iPhone 6 Plus will be available
for Dh2,999 for the 16GB model, Dh3,399 for the 64GB model and Dh3,799 for the
new 128GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of the Navy (Maryland) Issues
Solicitation for "iPhone 5s,6,6 Plus cases"

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of the Navy, Naval Sea Systems Command officer has issued
requirement for "iPhone 5s,6,6 Plus cases"

Solicitation No: NSWCCD-16-CSB-006

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: October 19, 2015

Description: Case for iPhone 5S, iPhone 5. Qty. 650.


Case for iPhone 6S, iPhone 6. Qty. 60.
Case for iPhone 6S Plus, iPhone 6 Plus. Qty. 20.
Case requirements include:
- Standard model: Standard case for all 3 iPhone models (iPhone 5s, 6, and 6+)
- Color: black or gray
- CAC Reader compatibility: case must be compatible with the Thursby iOS CAC
reader. In order to be compatible with the CAC reader the bottomof the case
cannot have individual cutouts for the charger and headphone plugins or have an
extended edge along the bottom of the case.
- Screen protection: case must provide protection to the screen via a flip case
or an extended edge along the screen area of the case.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 316

Contact Details: 9500 MacArthur Boulevard West Bethesda, Maryland 20817-5700

Point of Contact(s): Christopher S. Bezold, contract specialist
christopher.bezold@navy.mil Phone: 3012271878


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

NEW APPLE GADGETS BIGGER AND SMALLER Smartwatch, phones unveiled

BYLINE: McClatchy-Tribune

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: CUPERTINO, Calif.


Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category Tuesday since the
introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new smartwatch along
with two iPhones and a mobile-payments offering built in to the new devices.

Apple's smartwatch - called simply the Apple Watch - has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, "What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist."

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold; Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wearable
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touch screen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire Apple has been manufacturing in Arizona. The device will have
access to Apple's voice-recognition technology Siri, allowing users to guide
through interactions with voice commands, and a series of gestures can help
control basic functions as well.

The watch - which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later - can record
users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate, and
record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year. More
functionality will quickly be on the way: Outside developers received access to
build apps for the watch through new software called WatchKit.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said, calling it "the most
personal device Apple has ever created."

"I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote
for his iPhone camera," the CEO divulged.

Apple introduced two new iPhones that will function with its smartwatch:a larger
iPhone than before, the iPhone 6 Plus, along with the iPhone 6, which Cook
described as "the best phones you have ever seen." The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5
inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone and tablet that has proved
especially popular in Asia.

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhones,"
Cook said.

One of the iPhone 6 smartphones' big advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments
offering that utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards'
"outdated and vulnerable magnetic stripe," as Cook described them. Instead of
using physical cards, Apple's iPhone will connect to users' payment options,
while not storing credit card numbers or security codes.

Apple software leader Eddy Cue stressed the security and privacy of Apple's
payments option, which will link with American Express, Visa and Mastercard.

"Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid
for it," Cue said.

The service will work with 220,000 contactless machines in place at retailers,
along with Apple partners such as McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

The iPhone 6 screen will measure 4.7 inches diagonally, the same as the iPhone
5S. Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will featureApple's "Retina"
high-resolution display. The larger form factor will give the iPhone 6 Plus a
larger battery and therefore longer battery life: Apple said the iPhone 6 will
have about 14 hours of talk time, in line with the previous iteration, while the
iPhone 6 Plus will have 24 hours of talk time.

Both phones will be offered in black, gray and gold. The smaller iPhone 6 will
have a price tag starting at $199 with subsidies from wireless carriers, ranging
up to $399 for a phone with 128 gigabytes of memory; the iPhone 6 Plus will
range from $299 to $499 with a two-year contract. Apple will begin selling the
phones on Sept. 19 in the United States and eight other countries, and wants to
roll out sales to more than 100 countries by the end of the year.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8, which will roll out Sept. 17, marketing guru Phil Schiller announced. Apple
previously showed off the new features of iOS 8 at its Worldwide Developers
Conference.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

THE GREAT BENDY IPHONE DEBACLE

BYLINE: BY BEN SPENCER SCIENCE REPORTER

LENGTH: 527 words


APPLE is facing claims that its new thinner iPhones can bend out of shape in the
pocket.

The problem is especially pronounced for the £620 iPhone 6 Plus, which has a
slimline body but a supersized screen.

Pictures and videos of warped and damaged iPhones swept the internet yesterday
as hundreds of users realised their new smartphones were ruined.

One video, uploaded to YouTube by Lewis Hilsenteger of US website Unbox Therapy,
shows the iPhone 6 Plus bending under the pressure of his fingers alone. Last
night the video had been viewed more than 13.8million times.

One new iPhone 6 Plus user told the MacRumors website that his phone had become
irreversibly bent after he sat on it during a long drive.

The 6 Plus was about 18 hours in my pocket while sitting mostly,' he said. As I
lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the drive, I
saw the reflection of the window in the iPhone slightly distorted.'

Bent phones appeared to work as normal, but some screens shattered if they were
forced back into shape.

The problem has echoes of the launch of the iPhone 4 in 2010

, when Apple was forced to give new owners a free case to solve an antenna
problem.

The new models - the 6¼-inch iPhone 6 Plus and 5½-inch iPhone 6 - sold more than
10million in the three days after they were launched last Friday, breaking
records for opening weekend sales.

There is no suggestion that a phone would bend if it was not put under sustained
pressure, but many users will be concerned at the new models' apparent lack of
robustness.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the £539 iPhone 6, which are both about a quarter of an
inch thick, are each housed in a single piece of lightweight moulded aluminium
alloy - a feature which commentators say is behind the lack of durability.

Apple yesterday refused to comment on the reported problems. But the weak area
of the phone appears to be around the volume buttons where the frame is at its
thinnest.

Many of the images of damaged phones appear to show the bends occurring where
segments of the shell were cut out to make room for the buttons. When
significant and prolonged pressure is placed on the phone, the buttons seem to
create a fulcrum point around which the phone bends.

Industry analysts said that if consumers want lightweight phones with ever
bigger screens, they might have to stop putting them in their pockets.

Dominic Sunnebo, global strategic director at Kantar Worldpanel, a technology
market consultancy, said the reported iPhone fault was a direct result of the
drive for bigger screens and slimmer frames.

In China, where these larger devices make up a third of the market, people don't
carry their phones in their pockets,' he told the Daily Mail.

Perhaps in the UK, where we are not yet used to these larger phones, users are
going to have to start treating them like tablet computers and use a bag.'

Apple is not the first to have the problem of smartphones bending as firms try
to put larger screens on thinner and lighter bodies. Sony's Xperia Z1 drew
complaints that it bent in pockets, and there were similar problems with the
Samsung Galaxy S4 and the BlackBerry Q10.

b.spencer@dailymail.co.uk

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2014 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:03 AM GMT

Apple unveils iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, iPad pro and Apple TV - all you need to know;

California launch event shows off latest developments at technology giant

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan-READ

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 716 words


Apple unveiled the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus during a huge launch event in
California last night.

The tech giants also showed off a giant iPad Pro tablet and the new Apple TV.

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store, which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook says "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple grapples with gaffes after iPhone launch

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 761 words


CUPERTINO -- Just a week after its new iPhones were greeted with rave reviews
and record sales, Apple has been beset by a rare bout of bad publicity.

First, reports surfaced that its new iPhones were at risk of bending. Then the
company was forced to yank a bug-riddled update for iOS, its operating system
for phones and tablets. That left the valley's consummate perfectionist doing
damage control at an inopportune time, with customers flooding into stores to
check out the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The missteps helped send its stock
lower by nearly 4 percent Thursday and may nick Apple's reputation for polished
devices that work right out of the box, analysts say.

"They seem to be scrambling over at Apple to try to get things right," said
analyst Matt Margolis of PTT Research.

Apple's public relations arm sprang into action after the gaffes. The company
apologized for glitches in the iOS update, which was shelved a little more than
an hour after its release Wednesday after users complained they were unable to
make calls or use the fingerprint sensor. Apple said fewer than 40,000 users
downloaded the software, and late Thursday the company released a new update.

Meanwhile, the company is standing by its hardware, downplaying reports that its
new phones can become bent if people sit with them in their pockets. Social
media sites were teeming with photos of warped phones -- particularly the iPhone
6 Plus -- branded with the hashtag "bendgate." But despite the flurry of posts,
Apple said it had heard from just nine people complaining of a bent iPhone 6
Plus.

"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare," an Apple spokeswoman said
in a statement.

Finding flaws in new Apple products is a popular parlor game in Silicon Valley,
and several analysts said they suspected complaints about bent phones were
overblown. Though Apple enjoys a sterling reputation, its past is not without
trouble. Users complained of dropped calls and poor reception with the iPhone 4
because of the design of its antenna, and Apple led some drivers astray when it
swapped out Google Maps with its own mapping software in 2012.

"Neither of those tainted Apple's reputation, and I do not think this will,
either," Carolina Milanesi, chief of research and head of U.S. business at
Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, wrote in an email.

But the botched software update may be more troubling. Apple released iOS 8.0.1
to address several bugs in iOS 8, but the fix had far more serious problems.

"The quality control is not where it should be," said analyst Bob O'Donnell of
TECHnalysis Research.

And users may be sensitive to any imperfections in the 6 Plus, which costs $750
without a contract. Like last year's iPhone 5S, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are made
with an aluminum shell, most likely chosen because it is lightweight and
inexpensive, said Robert Ritchie, a materials science and engineering professor
at UC Berkeley. Although aluminum is very malleable, it can be strengthened
considerably when it is alloyed, said Ritchie, noting that most commercial
airplanes have aluminum shells.

"It certainly works for aircraft," Ritchie said. "It should work for an iPhone."

But users can exert more force with a bigger device, upping the odds of a bend,
Ritchie said. The screen on the iPhone 6 Plus measures 5.5 inches diagonally, up
from 4 inches for the iPhone 5S.

"It's not surprising that this could happen if it wasn't designed properly,"
Ritchie.

Ritchie added that aluminum alloys are typically treated with heat during
manufacturing to boost their strength. A glitch in that process might be a more
likely explanation for the reports of bending, given Apple's sophisticated
design, he said, meaning manufacturing can be tweaked to resolve the problem.

Users who accidentally bend their iPhones will be covered by SquareTrade, a
company that sells device warranties, spokeswoman Jessica Hoffman said. But so
far, the company has not heard any complaints of bent iPhones, though it has
received dozens of claims stemming from drops and spills, Hoffman said. In an
informal office test of the 6 Plus, a body builder on SquareTrade's staff easily
bent the 6 Plus, but Hoffman said she couldn't dent the device.

As phones become thinner and lighter, bendability is likely to be a new test for
devices, said John Jackson, an analyst at IDC. But he expects Apple to weather
it.

"In past instances we've seen consumers vote with their wallets, and Apple
appears to have enough good will to withstand this," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 634  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets.

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second- quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because the
supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 634  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets.

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second- quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because the
supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         7 Days (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Fans can register interest in Apple iPhone 6 in UAE

LENGTH: 174 words


Apple fans can now register their interest in the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
in the UAE.

This morning, UAE network provider, Etisalat tweeted: "Now you can register for
the #iPhone6 & #iPhone6Plus from this link etisalat.ae/iphone6."

Preorders for the iPhone will open on Friday morning in the UAE, UK, Australia,
Canada, France, Hong Kong, Japan Puerto Rico and Singapore.

Many people are being warned demand will be high for the flagship phones and the
speed of websites could slow down due to server overload.

Prices for the iPhone 6 start from Dhs2,599 while the iPhone 6 Plus costs Dhs
2,999.

Customers can choose from a silver, gold or space grey finish and storage of
16GB, 64GB or 128GB.

Apple launched both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, along with the Apple Watch
at an event in Cupertino.

The 4.7 inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone Plus are much slimmer than
predecessors and include features iOS with HealthKit and HomeKit.

The Apple watch will be paired with iPhone and available in three types,
including a sport and luxury gold edition.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 10


                     Copyright 2014 7 Days - Al Sidra Media
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                October 17, 2014

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 635  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second- quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because the
supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple bungles iPhone software update

BYLINE: Andy Richardson

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


APPLE'S newest iPhones have been hit by glitches after users complained that a
new software update blocked their calls - and a widely-circulated video showed
the larger of the two new models was vulnerable to bending.

Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing yesterday to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating
system for iPhones and iPads.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to
users "as quickly as we can". Users are still able to the upgrade older phones
to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to
nearly half of all iOS devices.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

It is not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with
subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing with reports that the aluminium shell
of the iPhone 6 Plus was vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their
phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a trouser
pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner
than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade chief marketing officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two employees at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones. One, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while
the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function
normally.

Mr Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," he said, "but it seems
like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending was not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added: "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the bending reports.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 8:21 AM GMT

Apple fans count down for iPhone 6

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 456 words


Thousands of t echnology fans up and down the country will get their hands on
the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets today.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly-anticipated
event in California last week, and customers will be able to buy them from Apple
stores from 8am.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden yesterday, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

He said: "I read a lot of iPhone blogs and news sites, and because I watched the
keynote presentation a few weeks ago, and there had been rumours about the
launch being this day, so we had planned on going here for quite some time."

Mr Maroen praised the way Apple co-founder and chairman Steve Jobs had changed
the face of the company.

He said: "I think there are many geniuses (at Apple), but you can't come away
from the fact that Steve Jobs transformed Apple from almost bankrupt in 1997 to
being the biggest company in the world."

On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with over four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5 inches.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       August 9, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

IK Multimedia Announces iKlip Case - The Durable Multi-Angle Viewing Stand Case
For iPhone 6 And iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 412  words


Sunday, August 09, 2015: IK Multimedia, the leader in mobile music creation
technology, is pleased to announce the release of iKlip Case for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. iKlip Case is a uniquely designed protective case featuring a
built-in multi-position stand that can be used in 4 different viewing angles in
portrait or landscape mode. Convenient and flexible, its legs can be adjusted to
suit a wide variety of purposes: it's an ideal tool for making music, surfing
the web, reading eBooks, giving lectures, video chatting and a whole lot more.
With iKlip Case, now iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users can take a stand anywhere
they go.

A great angle

At its heart, iKlip Case is all about providing optimum visibility with its
built-in stand system. The stand is comprised of two thermoplastic legs that can
be quickly adjusted to position an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus in 1 of 4 different
viewing angles, with 2 set angles per orientation. In Portrait mode, the iPhone
can be positioned at 60 or 45 - great angles for video chat and FaceTime calls,
plus vertically oriented apps like AmpliTube, VocaLive, iRig Recorder and Mic
Room can be used in this mode with iRig accessories attached to the accessible
open ports. In landscape mode iPhones can be positioned to accommodate 80 and 60
- great angles for watching movies, surfing the web, reading e-books or using
other horizontally oriented apps.

Portrait - 60

Portrait - 45

Landscape - 80

Landscape - 60

When not used as a stand, the legs on iKlip Case securely lock into the back of
the case for an ultra-slim low profile that fits easily into a pocket, an iKlip
Xpand Mini or an iKlip Grip. With iKlip Case, all ports on the iPhone model are
completely unobstructed so it can be used with accessories like IK's iRig line
of audio interfaces, microphones and MIDI controllers.

Flexible protection

iKlip Case is secure. It features a soft-touch rubberized finish and a
shockproof thermoplastic shell that's been designed to provide security in even
the most demanding of circumstances. Like all iKlip products, iKlip Case has
been designed to give musicians and other users the peace of mind that comes
with knowing that their mobile device is protected.

Pricing and availability

iKlip Case will be available in September 2015 in two versions: One for iPhone 6
and one for iPhone 6 Plus. Both will be available from music and electronics
retailers worldwide, and from the IK online store, for only $39.99/29.99
(excluding taxes).

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Star (Sheffield)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Tech Talk: Apple iPhone and Samsung Galaxy series square up

LENGTH: 482  words


The iPhone has landed. Or, rather, the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets have
launched, packing bigger screens, better specs and a slimmer form than ever
before.

There has been much excitement over Apple's latest release, with phone fans
queueing for hours in Sheffield on release day.

But how does Apple's latest creation stack up against its biggest competitors?
Tech Talk investigates...

The smaller iPhone 6's main competitor is the Samsung Galaxy S5, though the
Google Nexus 4, Sony Xperia Z2 and HTC One M8 are all the flagship Android
phones of their respective brands.

Apple fans will point to the iPhone's slim, metal-clad form as a victory for
style. The rounded edges, 6.9mm thickness and super-light weight all add up to
the most stylish iPhone yet.

The S5, by comparison, packs a higher-resolution screen, a much better camera
and more raw power. But it's also made of plastic and uses the less smooth, less
reliable Android operating system, which has fewer apps.

There's no doubt Apple's iPhone 6 - with new features such as Apple Pay, which
lets you use the phone like a contactless credit card, and new iOS 8 operating
system - is the best iPhone yet. But S5 fans will argue Samsung's flagship has
better specs and a better screen, and the iPhone still doesn't match it.

In the plus-sized fight, iPhone 6 Plus is Apple's first foray into big-screen
mobiles. The Plus has the same cool stylings as the regular model, but with
better battery life and a larger and crisper screen - 5.5 inches against 4.7.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 uses metal for the first time, bringing it closer to
Apple's cool factor, though its stylings still don't match up. But under the
hood, the Note 4 has better specs, and an even crisper, better resolution screen
than the Plus. It also boasts a smart stylus which lets you make notes like
paper and pen on the go.

Of course, the 6 Plus has more apps, a better form and the Apple operating
system.

The four phones represent the pinnacle of Apple and Samsung's 2014 output.
Whether you want better specs and customising, or a better operating system and
a cooler look, each phone is sure to command its own legion of loyal fans.

*The key stats:

iPhone 6

Dimensions: 138cm long, 6.9mm thick

Screen: 4.7 inches 720p resolution, 326 pixels per inch, LCD

Camera: Back: 8 megapixel iSight camera; Front: 1.2MP

Power: 1GB RAM, Apple custom A8 64-bit chip

VS

Samsung Galaxy S5

Dimensions: 142mm long, 8.1 mm thick

Screen: 5.1 inches, 1080p, 432ppi, AMOLED

Camera: Back: 16MP; Front: 2MP

Power: 2GB RAM, 2.5GHZ processor

And

iPhone 6 Plus

Dimensions: 158mm long, 7.1mm thick

Screen: 5.5 inches, 1080p resolution, 401ppi, LCD

Camera: Back: 8MP iSight camera; Front: 1.2MP

Power: 1GB RAM, Apple custom A8 64-bit chip

VS

Samsung Galaxy Note 4:

Dimensions: 153mm long, 8.5mm thick

Screen: 5.7 inches, 2K resolution, 515ppi, AMOLED

Camera: Back: 16MP; Front: 3.7MP

Power:  3GB RAM, 2.7GHZ processor

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSST


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           September 29, 2014, Monday

iPhones prove tough to bend;
Consumer Reports said iPhone 6 began to deform at 90 pounds of force

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 277 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Facing an Internet outcry about their malleability, Apple's new
iPhones proved fit for daily use, and difficult to bend, in lab tests run by
Consumer Reports magazine.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports said in results of a study published on its website.
HTC Corp.'s HTC One M8 and Samsung Electronics's Galaxy Note 3 were among the
other devices.

"All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough, the report said.
"We expect that any of these phones should stand up to typical use.

Following uproar in social media including claims the new iPhone 6 Plus bends if
it's sat upon or if enough pressure is placed on it, Apple has said bending of
its devices is "extremely rare. Only nine customers had contacted Apple about a
bent iPhone 6 Plus, the Cupertino, Calif.-based company said in a Sept. 25
statement.

The iPhone 6 Plus began to deform after 90 pounds of force was applied and the
iPhone 6 stood up to pressure until 70 pounds was applied, the same as the HTC
One M8, according to Consumer Reports. The Galaxy Note 3 was damaged at 150
pounds. All devices withstood 55 pounds, the force needed to break three
pencils, the magazine said.

"Bear in mind that it took significant force to do this kind of damage to all
these phones, Consumer Reports said. "Both iPhones seem tougher than the
Internet fracas implies.

The iPhone 6 Plus, a 5.5-inch screen device, which is the biggest smartphone in
Apple's lineup, became available for sale last week, along with the other new
model, the iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 631  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Official launch cools demand for products smuggled from abroad

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second - quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 10/17/2014 page16)

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

LENGTH: 632  words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Official launch cools demand for products smuggled from abroad

Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second - quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily USA 10/17/2014 page18)

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

China greenlights sale of iPhone 6, but image problems linger;
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will go on sale in China October 17, with pre-orders a
week earlier. But early demand in China has been lukewarm.

BYLINE: Clinton Nguyen Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 527 words


Apple announced that it received the greenlight to sell the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
on mainland China this week. Customers will be able to pre-order the device
online starting on October 10 to be picked up starting October 17.

The news comes after a lengthy approval process headed by the Chinese Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) that addressed security and
privacy concerns. Chinese authorities were concerned that iPhones would come
with installed "backdoors" that would allow third parties to peek into users'
data without their consent.

"We have never worked with any government agency from any country to create a
backdoor in any of our products or services," said Apple chief executive Tim
Cook in a press release. "We have also never allowed access to our servers. And
we never will."

MIIT granted Apple the final license required to sell the new iPhones on
Tuesday. iPhones were not, however, embargoed in Hong Kong, where smugglers
faced stagnant demand. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were selling for between $1,060
and $1,436, almost half of what it was going for just after the phone's release.

The iPhone is also struggling to expand its market in China due to strong
competition from Asian manufacturers such as Samsung, and domestic manufacturers
like Huawei and Xiaomi. Apple placed seventh overall for smart phone market
share in China, according to findings from analysts at International Data
Corporation (IDC).

Despite this, mainland China is an invaluable market for Apple by virtue of its
size. China Mobile, the world's largest telecommunications company at 796
million subscribers as of August, is more than twice as large as the four major
networks in the United States combined. Until last January, hardware differences
prevented larger Chinese mobile providers from carrying the iPhone.

According to Apple's quarterly earnings report, China accounts for 15.8 percent
of Apple's total revenue. Much of mainland China is still untapped for Apple.

Much of the difficulties in selling the iPhone comes from China's demand for
domestic products and a crackdown on lavish spending. According to The Financial
Times, some of the reluctance to buy iPhones is fueled by a wide rebuke of
lavish spending and perceived corruption among government officials.

But this might change with the release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The larger
size of the iPhone 6 Plus will bring it closer to physical parity with the
growing demand for bigger smart phones in China, according to a report from IDC.

Kitty Fok, China managing director at IDC, said that the younger generation in
China tends to use phones more as media devices, and are looking to buy larger
screens to accommodate that.

"The way they use smartphones is different, the percentage using voice is a lot
smaller and they tend to use text more, watch video, play games or even buy
things," she said in the report. "So naturally they'd like to use a
bigger-screen phone."

If Apple is looking to attract the Chinese market, it might have to address more
problems than its screen size. It might have to change its outlook and image
entirely. Or step-by-step, as it's been doing the past few years.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Globe to offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

SECTION: Pg. S2/8

LENGTH: 130 words


GLOBE TELECOM announced it will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most
advanced iPhones ever, beginning on Nov. 6.

iPhone 6s 16GB will be available on Plan 1799 with P450 monthly cashout. iPhone
6s Plus 16GB will also be available on Plan 1799 with P650 monthly cashout.
iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 5s will also be available.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhone's
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses force to enable
intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content.

On Plan 1799, customers can enjoy a best-value postpaid plan package with bigger
data allocation and free access to exclusive content for a complete digital
experience.

For more information on iPhone, visit www.apple.com/iphone.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

New iPhones run into software, bending complaints

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 454 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after
users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely
circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to
bending.

Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8
operating system for iPhones and iPads.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

By midday Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and
would issue advice to users "as quickly as we can." Users are still able to the
upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has
already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models- the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It's not uncommon for new software to
contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing Wednesday with reports that the
aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users
claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a
pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and
thinner than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands-
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two staffers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones: One staffer, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the
video, while the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to
still function normally.

Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," said Shay, "but it
seems like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added, "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the reports of bending.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

iPhone resellers lose big as HK supplies flood in

BYLINE: He Huifeng and Nectar Gan

SECTION: NEWS; National China News; Technology; Pg.8

LENGTH: 553 words


Dealers in the mainland's smartphone grey market say they have lost big by
betting on Apple's new iPhone 6, blaming an abundant supply from Hong Kong and
other overseas sources for bringing down prices.

In Beijing's Zhongguancun  district, a 16GB iPhone 6 sold for between 6,000 yuan
(HK$7,570) and 6,500 yuan yesterday, while the bigger iPhone 6 Plus model was
selling for around 9,000 yuan, according to vendors.

The iPhone models hit shop shelves in Hong Kong last week but a date is still to
be set for sales on the mainland.

A worker at a shop in Zhongguancun said her store bought more than 100 iPhone 6'
s and iPhone 6 Plus's from Hong Kong only to lose thousands of yuan on the deal.

"In the [Zhongguancun] market, if you have stocked the [iPhone 6], you are
losing money,"  she told the                South China Morning Post.

"The prices are dropping way too fast. Some sellers lost money while their
phones were on the plane [to Beijing]."

She said the price of an iPhone 6 Plus fell 2,000 yuan on Saturday.

The grey market price for a 16GB iPhone 6 also dropped from more than 8,000 yuan
on Monday to over 7,000 yuan on Tuesday, and to above 6,000 yuan on Wednesday,
she said.

But another Beijing vendor said there were also scalpers who had made big money
from reselling iPhone 6 models.

"Some of the ones who sold their goods quickly earned more than a million yuan,"
the vendor said.

Another vendor said: "These days, making or losing money all depends on the time
[of the handsets' arrival]. [We are] running against time."

Sellers said that supplies of the iPhone 6 were much greater than releases in
previous years, a factor that led to the rapid drop in prices.

In Shenzhen, vendors at the Huaqiangbei  commercial area said an influx of
individual sellers from Hong Kong exacerbated the price drop.

"Many mainland speculators at Huaqiangbei bought up large stocks of the phones
at high prices on Friday  and Saturday from Hong Kong. We were all shocked and
collapsed on Sunday night when we saw a number of Hong Kong people come to sell
the phones as a vendor, just in the streets in front of our shops," said Chen
Chouquan, a trader in Nokia and Apple products at Manha Digital City. "We all
lost big money because of these Hong Kong people.

"Many of them came on their own with only one or two phones and hawked them on
the street. The prices they asked are actually more competitive than most shops
here because our costs are higher."

Chen said many phones were being smuggled from other offshore markets as well,
which had also driven the  grey market prices down.

Another trader at Mingtong Digital City said: "A regular customer of mine from
Guangzhou just cancelled a deal. He wanted a 128GB iPhone 6 Plus. I told him
it's about 10,500 yuan today. He said no because he just saw a Hong Kong man ...
put a post online at [popular iPhone trading website] 51apple.com  asking only
8,500 yuan for it."

The price of a 64GB iPhone 6 in Huaqiangbei was close to 10,000 yuan on Saturday
but dropped to 7,000 on Sunday and 6,600 yuan on Tuesday at the shops there.
Chen said the grey market prices of iPhone 6s would continue to drop if more
customers in the delta and Hong Kong residents decided to trade with each other
on the streets in Huaqiangbei rather than through  a grey market agent.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models hit shop shelves
in Hong Kong last week.                    Photo: Sam Tsang

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

New iPhone generates more than four million first-day pre-orders

BYLINE: NO BYLINE

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 250 words


Apple received more than four million first-day pre-orders of the next
generation of the iPhone, which goes on sale on Friday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus became available to pre-order on Friday, more
than a week after the device was unveiled in California.

Customers will be able to get their hands on them from the Apple stores in
Buchanan Street, Glasgow, and the intu Braehead shopping centre.

Apple confirmed that in the first 24 hours of pre-orders going live, more than
four million units were sold - double the number for the iPhone 5 when it went
on sale to pre-order.

Both devices will be available in new sizes for the first time.

The iPhone 6 offers a 4.7-inch screen, and the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen
- 5.5 inches - which Apple has produced for a smartphone.

The number of orders appears to have caught the technology giant off guard, as
the firm stated that some iPhones might not reach customers until next month.

Apple said: "Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply.
While a significant amount will be delivered to customers, beginning on Friday,
many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered in October."

Chief executive Tim Cook, who unveiled the new smartphones in a live stage
event, said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are
thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we cannot wait to get our best
iPhones yet into the hands of customers."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2014 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus to hit Indian shores on Oct 17

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 11 -- Apple will make its new smartphones iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus available to customers in India from October 17. The devices will hit the
US stores on September 19 and Apple enthusiasts in India need to wait less than
a month only, unlike the long wait in the case of previous editions of the
iPhone.

Incidentally, the company makes the new smartphones available in the country in
the midst of festive season. Prices of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, however, have
not yet been disclosed.

In the past, Apple smartphones were made available in India around November.
IPhone 5S for the 16GB version is retailing in India at about Rs 41,500. Apple
unveiled two thinner and larger screened smartphones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6-Plus
yesterday as the tech giant looks to fend off competition from Korean handset
maker Samsung.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                              CourierMail Edition

Getting to bottom of iPhone bending

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 500  words


AFTER all the fuss of Bendgate last week, you wonder if the bloke in charge of
the iPhone 6 sit test has been given a kick up that apparently insufficient bum.

If Bendgate passed you by, here is a summary. Apple sold lots of its new iPhones
and everyone was happy. Some of the people it sold them to sat on them, causing
their Apples to look more bananas and then nobody was happy.

OK, that's not quite right. LG, Samsung and others were happy that Apple wasn't
happy and took to Twitter with gusto to make hay while the sun of Bendgate did
shine.

There are a lot of things that can be said about smartphones that unfortunately
bend. Firstly, they shouldn't. Unwanted shape changing should never be a
feature. Secondly, you shouldn't sit on a smartphone in a way that might make
them bend.

Let's put the Bendgate debacle into context. Apple has sold millions of phones
since the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus and only nine people have complained
that their iPhone 6 developed a kink.

One bloke uploaded a video of him bending his new iPhone 6 Plus but then
eagle-eyed doubters noted time discrepancies on his bendy iPhone, suggesting the
guy was bending time as well as matter.

Another self-appointed iPhone 6 Plus tester drove a BMW over an iPhone, proving
the phone didn't break when run over and that he's a sucker for expensive
brands.

It got to the stage where one technology reporter, describing his overly
generous buttocks in reassuring readers that the iPhone 6 Plus liked big butts
and he could not lie.

In the days that followed, while Apple rounded off an already bad week by
releasing a software patch that inadvertently stuffed people's iPhones, the
technology company invited some journalists into its iPhone testing lab.

Part of the testing involves putting the iPhone 6 Plus in the pocket of a pair
of skinny jeans worn by a designator sitter and recreating Romper Room - bend
and stretch and reach for the sky.

Apple's revelation that it submits its technology to extensive testing
prerelease is no surprise. I've seen a robotic hand at Microsoft test the
durability of the Xbox One controller to make sure it would survive rigorous
thumb action.

Maybe Apple need a robot like Microsoft's but one modelled on Nicki Minaj or Kim
Kardashian.

Maybe Apple needs to lead the campaign to ban skinny jeans. Maybe the only
surprising part from the land of an obesity epidemic was that whoever Apple
employed to sit on their iPhones apparently wasn't a heavyweight in the right
department.

A week is as long a time in business as in politics but things can easily
change.

The Wall Street Journalreported last week that Coke turned around a 10-year
slump when it started putting names and random words on its cans and bottles.

The furore of Bendgate will fade and people will either love or hate Apple
products depending on whether they already love or hate Apple products.

And if you think having a bent iPhone 6 Plus would be a pain in the bum, don't
do dumb things with smartphones.rod.chester@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple gains as iPhone 6 may near approval by China

BYLINE: By Mike Murphy mmurphy@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Columnists; Opinion;
Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 905 words


Today: The iPhone 6 is reportedly in the 'final stage' of approval process in
China, with lucrative sales likely not far behind. Also, Facebook surges as it
readies new ad platform, and Google sinks as EU widens its investigation into
it.

The lead: Apple may not have to wait much longer to sell iPhone 6 in China

Apple shares, which had been mostly lackluster for the past week, received a
shot in the arm Tuesday after a report that its new iPhone 6 is in "the final
stage of the approval process" in China. Apple jumped 1.56 percent, ot $1.58 to
$102.64.

Sources inside China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology told
Chinese news site Tencent that the review is expected to be completed "very
soon," Reuters reported .

Approval would be a boon to Apple, which sold more than 10 million new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Pluses last weekend despite the devices not yet being available in
China, the world's biggest smartphone market. About 15 to 20 percent of all
iPhone sales come from China.

It's no secret that Apple is eager to win approval from Chinese regulators. The
country is in the process of transitioning from 3G networks to 4G, a change that
could bode well for future iPhone sales as Chinese customers are waiting to
upgrade. "We believe consumers in China are on pause as they eagerly await the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a
note.

A Morgan Stanley report also found huge demand for the bigger-screen iPhone 6
Plus , with 51 percent of current Chinese iPhone owners indicating they would
want to upgrade to that.

Meanwhile, some Chinese consumers aren't waiting for the official release;
there's a thriving black market in smuggled iPhone 6's , the Washington Post
reported, with prices on the street as much as 10 times the retail price.

That pent-up demand, along with booming U.S. sales, has many analysts bullish on
Apple's future.

Opening weekend sales were "even more impressive given lack of initial China
availability," Goldman Sacs analyst Bill Shope wrote in a note. UBS analyst
Steve Milunvich agreed, noting sales were "respectable considering lack of final
approval in China (expected shortly) and supply constraints." Brian Blair of
Rosenblatt Securities noted that demand far exceeded supply: "If Apple had made
15 million iPhone 6 units available in the opening weekend, we think they would
have sold them all."

Some experts believe momentum from Apple's weekend, which generated an estimated
$7 billion in sales, will push overall Apple sales past $200 billion this year,
compared to $171 billion in 2013. "Apple's going to have a monster quarter," BGC
Financial analyst Colin Gillis told the Merc's Julia Love on Monday .

SV150 market report: Facebook jumps as it unveils new ad platform to battle
Google

Wall Street took a hit Tuesday , as investors pulled back after poor economic
news from Europe combined with concern over the fallout from U.S. airstrikes
against terrorist targets in Syria. Tech stocks were affected the least though,
and the SV150 even managed meager gains.

Facebook jumped 1.94 percent, or $1.49, to $78.29, after the Wall Street Journal
reported the Menlo Park social media giant would release a new ad platform next
week to help it better compete against Google for online ad dominance. Yahoo
stopped its stock freefall in the wake of Alibaba's record IPO, gaining 1.03
percent, or 40 cents, to $39.05, after confirming the purchase of Bookpad , an
Indian startup whose document-viewing product has been compared to Google Docs.
Alibaba, meanwhile, slipped another 3 percent, or $2.72, to $87.18. Shares have
fallen almost 8 percent since peaking after its IPO on Friday.

Google fell 1.02 percent, or $6.09, to $591.18, after Europe's antitrust chief
said his organization may expand its investigation of the Mountain View Internet
giant. "We have received complaints on the possible diversion of Internet
traffic toward Google services which are not search services, so this is a
possible third investigation concerning Google," commissioner Joaquin Almunia
told a European Parliament panel, according to Reuters.

San Mateo's SolarCity dipped 0.72 percent, or 44 cents, to $60.40, after
breaking ground on a new solar-panel factory in Buffalo, N.Y. Oracle,
Hewlett-Packard and Cisco all dropped around 1 percent after each of the three
were rumored to be in separate merger talks with data-storage maker EMC . Zynga
tumbled 1.64 percent, or 5 cents, to $3, after reports that its latest NFL game
is flopping with consumers. Milpitas-based chip-maker Nanometrics plunged 4.44
percent, or 72 cents, to $15.51, after being downgraded by Canaccord Genuity ,
and Palo Alto's Jive Software dropped 3.72 percent, or 23 cents, to $5.96,
hitting its 52-week low amid a 54 percent slide over the past year.



Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Apple, eBay, Yahoo, Netflix, Facebook, Tesla, Twitter

Down: Google, Oracle, Intel, Cisco, HP, Gilead, VMware, Juniper, Zynga, LinkedIn

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Up 0.16, or 0.01 percent,
to 1,607.08.

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 19, or 0.42 percent, to 4,508.69.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 116.81 or 0.68 percent, to
17,055.87.

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 11.52, or 0.58 percent,
to 1,982.77.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .
Follow Mike Murphy at twitter.com/mmmmurf .

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HONG KONG - SEPTEMBER 19: Customers look at the new iPhones on display
at the launch of the new Apple iPhone 6 and iphone 6 plus at the Apple IFC store
on September 19, 2014 in Hong Kong, China. On September 19, Apple's new
products, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, with iOS 8 featuring 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
displays, have become available in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany,
Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK, and will be available in
more than 20 additional countries beginning on September 26.(Photo by Lam Yik
Fei/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

iPhone 6 to hit 36 new markets

BYLINE: Chelsey Dulaney

SECTION: WSJ; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 163  words


APPLE said it would roll out the iPhone 6 in 36 new markets, including China and
South Africa, by the end of the month.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in 69 countries and territories
before the start of November in what Apple is calling its fastest rollout ever.

On Friday, the iPhone will become available in China, India and Monaco. Next
week, the iPhone will roll out in Israel, Poland and the Czech Republic, among
others.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale in 10 countries on September 19. In
its first weekend of availability, Apple said it sold more than 10 million amid
significant supply shortages and demand for scalped iPhones in Asia.

Apple said the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a record for first-weekend iPhone
sales, eclipsing last year's mark of 9 million units when the iPhone 5S and
iPhone 5C went on sale.The company is expected to give an update on iPhone sales
when it reports results for the quarter ended September, on October 20.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone approved for sale on mainland

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 358  words


Apple will sell its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in China this month after
agreeing to improve user security and privacy.

Apple will sell its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in China this month after
agreeing to improve user security and privacy.

The devices will go on sale on Oct 17, the company said after China's Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology granted the smartphones a network access
permit, the final step in the approval process. Pre-orders will start on Oct 10,
and the phones will be available at all three major carriers.

The approval process included discussions on potential leaks of personal data
through weaknesses in Apple's operating system, with the company taking measures
in iOS 8 to eliminate risks stemming from three background diagnostic tools, the
ministry said.

"Apple is coming under greater scrutiny on personal data security from the
government," said Shaun Rein, managing director for China Market Research Group
in Shanghai. "This is definitely starting to affect consumers and some are
thinking twice about buying Apple now because the government has made them
nervous."

Apple pledged it has never built, and will never build, a "back door" with any
government agencies for products or services, the ministry said.

The 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 will retail for 5,288 yuan ($860) and the 16-gigabyte
iPhone 6 Plus for 6,088 yuan, Apple said.

"We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China
on all three carriers at launch," Apple CEO Tim Cook said.

The new iPhones will trail the release of Samsung's Note 4 device in China.

Apple released the new iPhones in 10 markets, including the US, Hong Kong, Japan
and Australia, on Sept 19 before adding another 20 countries a week later.

China's consumers typically have waited at least three months for Apple to start
selling new iPhones in the world's biggest smartphone market, triggering a flood
of devices into the country's black market.

Vendors near the Apple store in the Sanlitun district in Beijing are selling the
128-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus for 12,000 yuan, compared with HK$8,088 ($1,040) in
Hong Kong.

(China Daily 10/01/2014 page1)

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Julia Love, Jeremy C. Owens and Troy Wolverton; San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 679 words


CUPERTINO, Calif. | Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product
category Tuesday since the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off
a new smartwatch along with two iPhones and a mobile-payments offering built in
to the new devices.

Apple's smartwatch - called simply the Apple Watch - has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, "What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist."

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold; Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wearable
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire Apple has been manufacturing in Arizona.

The device will have access to Apple's voice-detection technology Siri, allowing
users to guide through interactions with voice commands, and a series of
gestures can help control basic functions as well.

The watch - which must be used in tandem with an  iPhone 5 or later - can record
users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate, and
record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at the
Worldwide Developers Conference. More functionality will quickly be on the way:
Outside developers received access to build apps for the watch through new
software called WatchKit.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said, calling it "the most
personal device Apple has ever created."

"I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote
for his iPhone camera," the CEO divulged.

Apple introduced two new iPhones that will function with its smartwatch - a
larger iPhone than before, the iPhone 6 Plus, along with the iPhone 6, which
Cook described as "the best phones you have ever seen." The  iPhone 6 Plus will
be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone and tablet that has
proved especially popular in Asia.

One of the iPhone 6 smartphones' big advances is  Apple Pay, a mobile-payments
offering that utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards'
"outdated and vulnerable magnetic stripe," as Cook described them.

Instead of using physical cards, Apple's iPhone will connect to users' payment
options, while not storing credit card numbers or security codes.

Apple software leader Eddy Cue stressed the security and privacy of Apple's
payments option, which will link with American Express, Visa and Mastercard.

"Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid
for it," Cue said.

The service will work with 220,000 contactless machines in place at retailers,
along with Apple partners such as McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

The iPhone 6 screen will measure 4.7 inches diagonally, the same as the iPhone
5S, but the iPhone 6 Plus will have a 5.5-inch screen, with both receiving
Apple's "Retina" high-resolution display. The larger form factor will give the
iPhone 6 Plus a larger battery and therefore longer battery life: Apple said
that the iPhone 6 will have about 14 hours of talk time, in line with the
previous iteration, while the iPhone 6 Plus will have 24 hours of talk time.

Both phones will be offered in black, gray and gold. The smaller iPhone 6 will
have a price tag starting at $199 with subsidies from wireless carriers, ranging
up to $399 for a phone with 128 GB of memory; the iPhone 6 Plus will range from
$299 to $499 with a two-year contract. Apple will begin selling the phones on
Sept. 19 in the United States and eight other countries, and wants to roll out
sales to more than 100 countries by the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

iPhone resellers lose out as HK supplies flood in

BYLINE: He Huifeng and Nectar Gan

SECTION: NEWS; National China News; Technology; Pg.8

LENGTH: 554 words


Dealers in the mainland's grey market for smartphones say they have lost heavily
by betting on Apple's new iPhone 6. They blame  an abundant supply from Hong
Kong and other overseas sources for bringing down prices.

In Beijing's Zhongguancun  district, a 16GB iPhone 6 sold for between 6,000 yuan
(HK$7,570) and 6,500 yuan yesterday, while the bigger iPhone 6 Plus model was
selling for around 9,000 yuan, according to vendors.

The iPhone models hit shop shelves in Hong Kong last week but a date is still to
be set for sales on the mainland.

A worker at a shop in Zhongguancun said her store bought more than 100 iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus models from Hong Kong, only to lose thousands of yuan on the
deal.

"In the [Zhongguancun] market, if you have stocked the [iPhone 6], you are
losing money,"  she told the                South China Morning Post.

"The prices are dropping way too fast. Some sellers lost money while their
phones were on the plane [to Beijing]."

She said the price of an iPhone 6 Plus fell 2,000 yuan on Saturday.

The grey market price for a 16GB iPhone 6 also dropped from more than 8,000 yuan
on Monday to over 7,000 yuan on Tuesday, and to above 6,000 yuan on Wednesday,
she said. The 16GB version is retailing for HK$5,588 in Hong Kong through the
Apple store.

But another Beijing vendor said there were also scalpers who had made big money
from reselling iPhone 6 models.

"Some of the ones who sold their goods quickly earned more than a million yuan,"
the vendor said.

Another vendor said: "These days, making or losing money all depends on the time
[of the handsets' arrival]. [We are] racing  against time."

Sellers said that supplies of the iPhone 6 were much greater than releases in
previous years, pushing the price down.

In Shenzhen, vendors at the Huaqiangbei  commercial area said an influx of
individual sellers from Hong Kong exacerbated the price drop.

"Many mainland speculators at Huaqiangbei bought up large stocks of the phones
at high prices on Friday  and Saturday from Hong Kong. We were all shocked  ...
on Sunday night when we saw a number of Hong Kong people come to sell the phones
in the streets in front of our shops," said Chen Chouquan, a trader in Nokia and
Apple products at Manha Digital City.

"We all lost big money because of these Hong Kong people. Many of them came on
their own with only one or two phones and hawked them on the street. The prices
they asked are more competitive than most shops here, as our costs are higher."

Chen said many phones were being smuggled from other offshore markets as well,
which had also driven the grey market prices down.

Another trader at Mingtong Digital City said: "A regular customer of mine from
Guangzhou just cancelled a deal. He wanted a 128GB iPhone 6 Plus. I told him
it's about 10,500 yuan today. He said no because he just saw a Hong Kong man ...
put a post online at [popular iPhone trading website] 51apple.com  asking only
8,500 yuan for it."

The price of a 64GB iPhone 6 in Huaqiangbei was close to 10,000 yuan on Saturday
but dropped to 7,000 on Sunday and 6,600 yuan on Tuesday at the shops there.

Chen said the grey market prices of the iPhone 6 would continue to drop if more
customers in the delta and Hong Kong residents decided to trade with each other
on the street and not go through agents.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models hit the shops in
Hong Kong last week.                    Photo: Sam Tsang

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

LENGTH: 495  words


In order to get their hands on the new iPhones before others, many of Apple-fans
even queued up in front of the Apple stores one day before the sales began.

With Apple's iPhone 6 and Plus launching in around nine countries and regions
across the world on Sept 19, the new large-screen gadgets attracted huge crowds
of fans to retail outlets.

In order to get their hands on the new iPhones before others, many of them even
queued up in front of the Apple stores one day before the sales began. Buyers
from Chinese mainland, where the sought-after gadgets have not yet been
launched, went to other countries just to be among the first to buy the new
iPhones.

People wait outside an Apple Store in Hong Kong to buy the new iPhone 6 and Plus
devices on the morning of Sept 19, 2014. The gadgets were launched on Friday in
Hong Kong. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Customers smile with their new mobile phones in their hands after the launch of
the Apple iPhone 6 at a store in Oberhausen, Germany, Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Customer leaves an Apple Store as the new iPhone 6 and Plus went on sale in
Paris, Sept 19, 2014. The iPhone 6 and Plus went on sale in Australia, Japan and
across Europe Friday. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

David Yu, from China, holds up two iPhone 6 as he walks out of the Apple Store
in Palo Alto, California, Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Shoppers wait in line to buy Apple's latest iPhone 6 and 6 Plus outside an
outlet in Singapore, Sept 19, 2014. Apple's newest mobile devices went on sale
Friday. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

First two customers to get their hands on the new iPhone 6 at the Covent Garden
branch of Apple Store in London, Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Customer poses during a ceremony to mark the first day of sales of the new Apple
iPhone 6 and Plus at a store in Tokyo, Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Chinese iPhone buyer Yuki Lau (left), and friend Jianing Hong (center) wait in
line for the opening of the Apple Store in Palo Alto, California, Sept 19, 2014.
[Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               gethampshire.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 2:44 PM GMT

Apple TV and iPad Pro join tech giant's iPhone 6S announcement;
Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California on
Wednesday night

BYLINE: By getsurrey

LENGTH: 740 words


For iPhone and iPad users in our area, the reveal of the new iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus has brought a promise of an improved camera and updated CPU, while the
giant iPad Pro tablet and new Apple TV where "the future is apps".

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

Available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said: "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHAMP


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 2:44 PM GMT

Apple TV and iPad Pro join tech giant's iPhone 6S announcement;
Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California on
Wednesday night

BYLINE: By getsurrey

LENGTH: 740 words


For iPhone and iPad users in our area, the reveal of the new iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus has brought a promise of an improved camera and updated CPU, while the
giant iPad Pro tablet and new Apple TV where "the future is apps".

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

Available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said: "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Big fat iPhone 6 Plus leads to trouble in Trouserville

BYLINE: Patrick May

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 210 words


With the recent arrival of the new and larger iPhone 6 Plus, along with the
consternation it has caused among users unable to stick the thing in their
pockets, the fashion industry is agonizing over nothing short of the future of
pants.

As Yohana Desta at Mashable.com puts it, this is a very sobering moment for the
makers of khaki, cargo and capris:

Along with Samsung's mammoth Galaxy phones, Apple's phablet mega-sized phone is
starting to look like the future of mobile tech.

That's bad news for your pants. Gone are the days of casually stuffing your
palm-sized phone in your pocket. Phablets are too big for such a trend, causing
people to worry: Where do we put our phones now?

The New York Post summed it up this way:

Thinking about splurging on a new iPhone 6 Plus? You may want to make sure it
fits in your pocket first.

last month, retailers are considering enlarging the pocket sizes on pants to
accommodate the 5.5-inch "phablet."

In response, a slew of clothing designers have been brainstorming among
themselves to create pants that can accommodate the larger phones. Desta
collected this spellbinding list of who's doing what to solve the Great
Phablet/Pants Crisis of 2014:

Photo: Left to right: the iPhone 5, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Getty Images)

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide
Marketing Phil Schiller announcees the new iPhone 6 during an Apple special
event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in
Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the two new iPhones the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                      October 2, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Pioneer Expands Apple CarPlay-Compatible Lineup with Next Generation AppRadio 4

LENGTH: 714  words


Oct. 2 -- US-based Pioneer Electronics Inc issued the following news release:

Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc today released the Apple CarPlay-compatible fourth
generation AppRadio 4 (SPH-DA120).

AppRadio 4 brings together the use of cloud and device sourced content from
compatible iOS devices (iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5,
iPhone 4s and iPhone 4), Android smartphones, and MirrorLink enabled
smartphones, as well as feature enhanced smartphone control, voice control for
Siri Eyes Free and Google Voice Recognition, Bluetooth hands-free calling and
audio streaming, and a new graphical user interface.

"The new AppRadio 4 embodies our idea of the connected car, providing the
majority of smartphone owners the ability to utilize their devices in the car
for calling, streaming music, and even controlling supported apps to enhance
their driving experience," said Ted Cardenas, vice president of marketing for
the Car Electronics Division of Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc.

CarPlay Ready - With CarPlay, consumers with iPhone 5 or later, including iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus, and the latest version of iOS can use Siri voice control to
make and receive calls, compose and respond to text messages, use Apple Maps for
navigation and listen to their music libraries, podcasts and iTunes Radio. For
more information about CarPlay, visit: (www.apple.com/ios/carplay).

Siri Eyes Free - Users of iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone
5 and iPhone devices can take advantage of Siri Eyes Free functionality with a
touch of the AppRadio 4 touchscreen. When activated, Siri provides voice prompts
through the vehicle's speakers, and the user's questions and commands are
received and transmitted using the external microphone provided with the
AppRadio 4 unit.

Bluetooth - To maximize the connectivity options available in today's most
popular smartphones, AppRadio 4 offers both Bluetooth hands-free calling1 and
Bluetooth audio streaming and wireless control of compatible devices.

It includes Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) for wireless audio
streaming and Audio Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP) version 1.4 for
wireless control of devices and related metadata (if available) to be viewed
directly on the Pioneer touchscreen display.

Enhanced Touchscreen User Interface - Designed with the smartphone user in mind,
the AppRadio 4 touchscreen user interface (UI) provides easy access to the most
commonly used features such as apps, music and calling.

Built-in MirrorLink - MirrorLink technology enables consumers to connect
compatible smartphones to AppRadio 4 (or other compatible in-dash receiver) via
a USB cable to access certain music and map applications for a more convenient
and safer in-car experience.

Similar to AppRadio Mode, MirrorLink is integrated into AppRadio 4 and offers a
vehicle-specific interface and connectivity with MirrorLink certified devices
from smartphone manufacturers such as Samsung, Nokia and others.

AppRadio 4 offers a simple and clean cosmetic design utilizing minimal physical
buttons on the left side of the screen for quick access by drivers, with the
majority of functions and control accessible and operated through its high
resolution 6.2-inch WVGA capacitive touchscreen.

The capacitive touch panel is used for all functions including the app
interface, music control/playback, AM/FM radio, and Bluetooth functions. A total
of four connectivity cable options2, sold separately, enable connections to more
than 30 different smartphone devices available in the U.S. In addition, the unit
now offers the Android Media Transfer Protocol (MTP) for deeper access to files
and folders on Android devices.

For increased audio performance, AppRadio 4 inherits the capabilities of
Pioneer's NEX receiver models with three sets of high volt (4V) pre-outs,
13-band graphic equalizer, auto EQ, auto time alignment, dual rear USB, and HDMI
input, AM/FM tuner with RDS text information display (when available), and
MOSFET 50 Watts X 4 power.

Pricing and Availability

The AppRadio 4 SPH-DA120 ($600 SRP) will begin shipping to authorized Pioneer
Car Electronics dealers nationwide, including Best Buy, Crutchfield and Car
Toys. To find the nearest Pioneer retailer, visit the Dealer Locator.

Source: Pioneer Electronics Inc

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Less is more? Not anymore for this smartphone user

BYLINE: By Julio Ojeda-Zapata jojeda@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; High-Tech; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 845 words




I used to be an adamant, almost militant, small-phone user.

As smartphones got bigger and bigger in recent years, I stubbornly stated and
restated my preference for petite handsets that I could easily manipulate with
one hand, and stuff in my pants pocket with minimum effort.

Fortunately, I had plenty of options, so I could turn up my nose at Samsung's
absurdly large Galaxy Note devices and other honkin' "phablets" (phone + tablet)
with nary a twinge of self-doubt.

I was prepared to detest the recently released iPhone 6 Plus , as well.

Well, "detest" is too strong a word. I am a decades-long user of Apple hardware,
after all, and predisposed to like (if not necessarily love or want to buy) any
new Macintosh or iOS device.

But I found the notion of a 5 1/2-inch iPhone alarming.

I like small iPhones. The first five iPhone generations, from the original
through the iPhone 4s, at 3 1/2 inches, suited me perfectly for one-handed use.

The 4-inch iPhone 5 and 5s were more problematic because they are slightly more
elongated and difficult to operate with just a thumb as the phone rests in the
palm, but this is doable. My current, official iPhone is a similarly sized 5c
model, and I like it a lot.

But a 5 1/2-inch iPhone? Well, I thought that was insane. Even the new 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 struck me as gargantuan.

After giving the iPhone 6 Plus and similarly sized smartphones a try in recent
months, though, I did a complete about-face.

I now love big smartphones, the bigger the better.

That includes, for instance, Google's 6-inch Nexus 6 , which makes even the
iPhone 6 Plus look smallish.

I've had only a short time with a loaner Nexus 6 as I write this, but I am
already prepared to prefer this Motorola device over admittedly seductive
siblings such as the Moto X (which is highly customizable) and the
Verizon-exclusive Droid Turbo (with its enhanced battery life).

The key reason I like the Nexus 6: It's big, really big!

After all, a funny thing happened when I had an iPhone 6 Plus for a while -- I
began using it like crazy in ways I rarely had with other phones.

I began to read a lot more. I love to read on a tablet or e-book reader, but I
don't like having to lug such a gadget -- along with my smartphone --
everywhere. The Plus solved that problem because it was a device I was toting
anyway, yet it did not feel cramped for reading the way smaller phones do.

One morning, I was listening to the public-radio show "Wait Wait ... Don't Tell
Me!" while waiting for my metro bus to work when Elizabeth Gilbert, author of
"Eat, Pray, Love," came on as a guest.

I became intrigued by her bestseller, downloaded an e-book copy of it via a St.
Paul Public Library app right away, and powered through a couple of chapters on
my ride to the office. I don't recall ever doing such a thing with earlier,
smaller iPhones.

I found myself watching video a lot more.

I love watching TV shows and movies on an iPad or computer, but I rarely did
this on a phone because I hated squinting at a small screen. The Plus, though
small-ish compared to even the tablet-petite iPad mini, made watching videos a
more relaxing experience.

The Plus is a plus for photography, too. Apple gave me a bigger and better
screen for gauging the quality of photos I had just snapped -- and which of
these to keep, edit and share while on the go.

When paired with an external wireless keyboard, such as Microsoft's Universal
Mobile Keyboard, the Plus also made for a great mobile workstation since its
screen is just big enough for comfortable word processing.

I experimented with apps for on-the-go Plus-based word processing, including
Byword and Apple's Pages along with my default, Google Docs. I was generally
pleased, though apps need tweaking in many cases for more efficient use on this
new kind of work screen.

The Plus proved valuable in other ways, such as videoconferencing. Microsoft
Skype, Google Hangouts and Apple FaceTime video chats don't feel claustrophobic,
the way they kind of do on smaller phones.

The Plus' battery life is excellent, too.

And the phone's new Reachability feature -- with which a light double tab of the
Home button pulls the upper half of the screen down to the lower half for
easier, well, reachability -- went a long way to helping me get used to the
Plus' large size.

In short, the Plus become my favorite iPhone ever, though its bulk was a bit of
an annoyance when crammed in a tight jeans front pocket. I am fortunate that a
great deal of my wardrobe (including jackets and vests) happens to incorporate
large pockets that are phablet-friendly.

That's where I recently tucked a Samsung Galaxy Note Edge , the most unusual
Note model to date, with a screen that curves futuristically on its right edge
to become a secondary panel for display app icons, news headlines and more. It's
a bit freaky ... and freakin' cool.

That's where I've stashed other phones, such as the more conventional Galaxy
Note 4 along with the LG G3 , both of which have gorgeous screens.

And that is where the Nexus 6 will reside for the next few weeks. We are going
to have a blast together.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A collection of phones demonstrating how they have changed over the
years. Photographed on Wednesday, December 24, 2014, 2014.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

iPhone 6 Plus owners use the most mobile data

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 199 words


It turns out that a phablet has more things in common with tablets than just
screen size. If you have a big phone, your data bills are going to be
tablet-sized too.

According to research undertaken by Citrix, iPhone 6 Plus owners get through
twice as much mobile data a month as their iPhone 6-owning counterparts and it's
because of that bigger 5.4-inch display, which is perfect for watching video on
the go.

However, as well as giving a potential explanation as to why bigger smartphones
are leading to lower tablet sales, Citrix figures show that there is a direct
correlation between a handset's screen size and its monthly data use.

The iPhone 6 Plus is not only using twice as much data per month as the iPhone
6, it's getting through 10 times as much data as the iPhone 3GS (Citrix still
has customers using all of the older-generation iPhones).

But even the smaller iPhone 6 with its 4.6-inch display is responsible for using
significantly more monthly data than any other iPhone model that preceded it
(all of which had smaller displays).

The big takeaway for consumers is that if they're eyeing up an iPhone 6 Plus as
their next smartphone their pockets will have to be deep as well as wide.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

Apple's IPhone 6 proves tough to bend in lab test

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

LENGTH: 285 words


San Francisco: Apple's new iPhones, facing an Internet outcry about their
malleability, proved difficult to bend and fit for daily use in lab tests run by
Consumer Reports magazine.



Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took 'significant force' to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports said in results of a study published on its website.
HTC's HTC One M8 and Samsung's Galaxy Note 3 were among the other devices.

"All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough," the report
said. "We expect that any of these phones should stand up to typical use."

Following uproar in social media including claims the new iPhone 6 Plus bends if
it's sat upon or if enough pressure is placed on it, Apple has said bending of
its devices is 'extremely rare'. Only nine customers had contacted Apple about a
bent iPhone 6 Plus, the Cupertino, California-based company said in a September
25 statement.

The iPhone 6 Plus began to deform after 90 pounds of force was applied and the
iPhone 6 stood up to pressure until 70 pounds was applied, the same as the HTC
One M8, according to 'Consumer Reports'. The Galaxy Note 3 was damaged at 150
pounds. All devices withstood 55 pounds, the force needed to break three
pencils, the magazine said.

"Bear in mind that it took significant force to do this kind of damage to all
these phones," Consumer Reports' said. "Both iPhones seem tougher than the
Internet fracas implies."

The iPhone 6 Plus, a 5.5-inch screen device, which is the biggest smartphone in
Apple's lineup, became available for sale last week, along with the other new
model, the iPhone 6.
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

The world on your wrist

BYLINE: Ryan Crighton

SECTION: NEWS; 999; Crime Prevention; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 721 words


The wait is finally over. The vital statistics of the "bigger than bigger"
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are now in the public domain, with Apple claiming
they are the "best phones ever made"

The technology giant even went one better by announcing the creation of the "the
best watch in the world" to run seamlessly alongside the new and improved smart
phones.

But what will these devices actually do to make our lives better?

Will it clean up the house if we send it an iMessage? Will it take the dog for a
walk if we ask Siri nicely? Well, no, not quite. But in terms of taking
fingertip technology to the next level, Apple says it has pushed itself ahead of
its rivals.

So what does it have to offer:

Apple Watch

While the technology world waited with bated breath to find out if their
predictions about the new iPhone were true, Apple threw a curveball by
announcing its first new product line since the very first iPad.

It's also the first since the death of its co-founder Steve Jobs and the first
truly new creation under new boss, Tim Cook; reviewers will be waiting with
bated breath to see how it performs.

The watch will sync with your iPhone and run familiar apps like Siri, Messages,
e-mail, Maps, Facebook and Twitter. It will also act as a fitness tracker, using
motion sensors and heart rate monitors to log fitness levels and workouts.

It also has a setting so that you can send information directly to a friend's
Watch. With countless customisable faces and strap designs, its makers say it's
the "most personal" watch you will find.

Oh, it also tells the time, too.

It's thin and it's big

The new iPhones will be significantly bigger than the original (and popular)
4-inch screen - a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and a 5.5-inch 6 Plus.

But many critics have slammed the new design, saying that Apple is simply
following the market by copying already-bigger smartphones, like the Samsung
Galaxy S5.

The iPhone 6 will come in at 6.9mm wide, with the iPhone 6 Plus measuring 7.1mm.
With all-metal backs and glass that curves round the edges of the phones, it
marks the biggest design change in the phone's history.

Better battery

If there's one flaw of the iPhone, it's the battery life - which only gets worse
as the device grows old and tired.

The iPhone 6 will be 50 times faster that the original iPhone, but it's been
designed to not compromise on performance.

The new iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are powered by the A8 chip, which has two
billion transistors - double the number on the A7 chip, which powers the iPhone
5S. The A8 is up to 25% faster than the A7 in processing and able to render
graphics up to 50% faster.

The new devices will provide 11 hours of video or Wi-Fi browsing, 50 hours of
audio playback and 10 hours of 4G LTE or 3G browsing. In addition, compared with
the 40 hours talk you can get on the iPhone 5S, you can get 50 hours on the
iPhone 6 and 80 hours on the iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple Pay

We've banished the need for cameras and MP3 players - so why not throw out our
wallets too?

Apple has said that Apple Pay "will forever change the way we buy things". It's
a revolutionary new payment process which allows purchases to be made using
fingerprint ID.

The system will work by holding the phone up to a generic card reader and
pressing a finger on the TouchID button. The phone will store the payment using
NFC (near-field communication) and a new separate chip to keep payment
information secure. The NFC chip is fitted across the top of the phone, and all
details are encrypted and the system stores payment information securely.

But before we get too excited about ditching our loose change, the system will
only launch in the US to begin with, with no word on when the system is likely
to hit the rest of the world.

Health Kit

This new app will collect your personal biometric data in one place, where you
will be able to view your heart rate, calories burned, blood sugar and
cholesterol levels. The idea is to create a personal overview of your health
which can be shared with doctors and hospitals. You will be able to create an
emergency card, which will be accessible from the Lock screen so it can be
opened in an emergency.

There are far too many other quirky features of the new iPhone and Apple Watch
to mention here, never mind the most important of all - a new and improved
front-facing camera for selfies.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WEARABLE TECH: Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the Apple Watch during an
Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts last week
Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing,
discusses the new iPhone 6, centre, and iPhone 6 plus, right
Apple CEO Tim Cook models the new iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2014 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

iPhone 6? Please be patient, retailers say

LENGTH: 396 words


Top retailers in the UAE started new iPhone sales from Saturday midnight and all
stocks sold within two hours

Dubai -- Gitex Shopper disappointed Apple fans as the latest iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus were not available at the power retailers on the first day of the show
and these new devices are not going to be available for the next three days,
according to top exhibitors.

Top retailers in the UAE started new iPhone sales from Saturday midnight and all
stocks sold within two hours and that's the reason Sharaf DG, Emax, Jacky's
Jumbo and Plug Ins didn't have stocks for Gitex Shopper.

Only telecom operators etisalat and du were busy in selling new iPhones with
their own data and voice packages at the show.

"It was launched at Friday midnight at six Emax stores in Dubai, Sharjah and Abu
Dhabi and all sold out. It looks difficult to bring iPhone 6 and Plus during
Gitex or may be for the last two days," Emax chief executive officer Neelesh
Bhatnagar told Khaleej Times.

"This time it [new iPhones] has been launched in many more countries compared to
last launch and that's why allocation has been a little less," Bhatnagar added.

Nadeem Khanzadah, head of retail at Jumbo Electronics, said: "Yesterday [Friday]
we kept our stores opened until 2am and every single iPhone has been sold out.
We could have sold 10 times more, if we had more stocks. Once more stocks
arrive, it will be available with and without data package."

Nilesh Khalkho, chief executive officer of Sharaf DG, said: "We had midnight
launch yesterday [Friday] and sold around 1,900 new iPhones. Next stock is
expected to come on Monday [today]."

At etisalat, iPhone 6 is available starting at zero dirham upfront for the 16GB
model and iPhone 6 Plus is also available starting at zero dirham upfront for
the 16GB model. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in
iPhone history, featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new
dramatically thin and seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy
to use. Both models are better in every way and include: the Apple-designed A8
chip with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for blazing fast
performance and power efficiency; advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras; and
ultrafast wireless technologies. - abdulbasit@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Boot Up: Google+ optional, iPhone benchmarked, Phones4U by an insider

BYLINE: Charles Arthurtheguardian.com

LENGTH: 1471 words

ABSTRACT

Charles Arthur: Plus FBI investigating threats against Sarkeesian, Samsung v LG,
motherboard shipments under stress, and more

FULL TEXT

A barrel of 10 links for you to chew over, as picked by the Technology team

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus: preliminary results && AnandTech

While we're still working on the full review, I want to get out some preliminary
results for the iPhone 6. For now, this means some basic performance data and
battery life, which include browser benchmarks, game-type benchmarks, and our
standard web browsing battery life test. There's definitely a lot more to talk
about for this phone, but this should give an idea of what to expect in the full
review. To start, we'll look at the browser benchmarks, which can serve as a
relatively useful proxy for CPU performance.

If you like benchmarks, here are some.

Mandatory Google+ Gmail integration quietly shelved && WordStream

Rumours of the decoupling of Google+ and Gmail first surfaced in the spring.
Google, unsurprisingly, hasn't exactly gone out of its way to shout about the
change from the rooftops, instead choosing to quietly shelve the mandatory
integration which had previously been in place since 2012. Although the change
means that new Gmail users will no longer be forced to sign up for Google+,
they'll still have the option to do so, as you can see in the image above.

Conscious uncoupling?

Apple iPhone 6 Plus second impressions && SuperSite for Windows

Paul Thurrott:

Regarding the camera, I went to Twitter yesterday and foolishly announced that
"it's easily and readily apparent that the iPhone 6 Plus camera is no match for
the Lumia 1020, 1520 or Icon/930." I'd like to clarify that statement now. I was
referring to overall camera quality there: With their superior 41 megapixel
(Lumia 1020) and 20 megapixel (Lumia 1520, Icon/930) cameras, Microsoft's
high-end Lumia handsets can produce better photos than can the iPhone 6. But
camera quality isn't just about picture quality. And the iPhone 6 Plus's camera
in particular can take excellent photos while offering a number of advantages
over the high-end Lumias. In fact, it's pretty clear that the iPhone 6 Plus is
the better overall choice for most people.

iOS app devs warn customers off iOS 8's iCloud Drive && Computerworld

Gregg Keizer:

Essentially, iCloud Drive is Apple's response to Dropbox and other services,
which show the cloud-based storage and its files in an OS's file manager.

When users upgrade to iOS 8 today and after, they'll be offered to update
iCloud's current storage structure to iCloud Drive. (Anyone who has tried OS X
Yosemite, either the developer previews or the public beta, has seen the same
message.) Several iOS app developers told their customers not to take Apple up
on the iCloud Drive offer, as doing so will make it impossible to synchronize
with their apps on devices not running iOS 8, or with Macs running OS X
Mavericks or earlier.

Mavericks is the current latest production version of OS X.

"When you upgrade to iOS 8, you need to ensure that you choose the right iCloud
Drive option to ensure that Clear for iOS continues to sync with Clear for Mac,"
said Realmac, the maker of the to-do app Clear, in a blog post today. "If you
upgrade to iCloud Drive, you will only be able to sync with devices running iOS
8 or OS X Yosemite."

If iCloud Drive isn't backported to Mavericks, it's going to cause problems.

The reasons why the networks abandoned Phones4u && Matt Aguilera

My experience and from others I have spoken to is that the service by Phones4u
was abysmal. Having worked at a Phones4u call centre briefly. I can only confirm
what I saw to be completely broken. If you weren't buying a new contract today,
you would be fobbed off and quickly too. You know you have a broken, strange
culture when a sitcom [Phone Shop] can be made about your industry and be
cringe-inducingly accurate. Some people who have walked into a Phones4u store
will have experienced something out of Phone Shop at some point. The aggressive
sales tactics and selfish agenda gave Phones4u the reputation of being a place
to avoid. Rightly so. The networks had now got their own slick sales processes
in place and knew what tricks they were up against. The public knew it too and
joined in with the in-jokes of Phone Shop. Getting locked into high-tariff
contracts and being offered insurance that you can cancel in 3 months (so the
salesman got their commission). It all happened.

FBI investigating death threats against Feminist Frequency creator Sarkeesian &&
Polygon

The FBI is investigating death threats and online abuse that Feminist
Frequency's Tropes vs Women in Games creator Anita Sarkeesian says drove her out
of her home last month, a San Francisco police spokesperson confirmed to
Polygon. San Francisco police public information officer Albie Esparza told
Polygon that Sarkeesian had filed a report with the police department about the
threats she received online and that the police department handed the
information to the FBI for investigation. Esparza declined to release any other
details, saying that doing so could compromise the investigation or the safety
of the victim. He also noted that the FBI is the primary agency handling the
case. An FBI spokesman told Polygon that the bureau's policy is to neither
confirm nor deny any investigation they may be conducting.

Other parts of the story suggest the FBI is taking a lot of notice of what's
going on.

Samsung, LG's conflict deepens && Korea Times

A conflict between Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics is escalating. The row
was triggered last week by alleged vandalism by LG executives on Samsung's
washers during an industry fair in Berlin, Germany earlier this month. In a new
twist, the prosecution said it is investigating allegations that former LG
executives pocketed Samsung's confidential air-conditioner business plan related
to a government-run project.

It's like something out of a film. Possibly the film that comes on before the
film you actually paid to watch.

Commercial replacement demand upholding global PC shipments in 2014, says MIC &&
Digitimes

Shipment volume of global PC systems - comprising of notebooks and desktops - is
forecast to reach around 299m units in 2014, down 0.1% on year, according to
Market Intelligence & Consulting (MIC). The global PC industry has been
bolstered mainly by the PC replacement demand in the commercial market in 2014.
Looking at the performance by sector, with the majority of desktop PCs shipped
being commercial ones, desktops have played a significant role to bolster global
PC shipments in 2014. Global desktop shipment volume is estimated at 130m units
in 2014, up 3.1% on year. Though continuing eroded by tablets, the notebook
industry has seen its shipment decline slowly in 2014. The notebook shipment
volume is anticipated to top around 168m units, down 2.5% on year. Notebooks'
share of total PC products is expected to slip to 56.2% in 2014, down from 57.6%
in 2013.

Asustek, Gigabyte unlikely to achieve motherboard shipment goals for 3Q14 &&
Digitimes

Neither Asustek Computer nor Gigabyte Technology is likely to be able to achieve
their 5.8m motherboard shipment targets for the third quarter, as demand in
China remains weak and the retail channel's orders ahead of China's National Day
holidays have been also worse than those of previous years, according market
sources. Asustek and Gigabyte are expected to ship around 5.6m motherboards each
in the third quarter, the sources said.

Now the PC squeeze is hitting the replacement/self-build business too.

Exclusive: U2 and Apple have another surprise for you && TIME

As an article in the new issue of TIME reveals, Bono, Edge, Adam Clayton and
Larry Mullen Jr believe so strongly that artists should be compensated for their
work that they have embarked on a secret project with Apple to try to make that
happen, no easy task when free-to-access music is everywhere (no) thanks to
piracy and legitimate websites such as YouTube. Bono tells TIME he hopes that a
new digital music format in the works will prove so irresistibly exciting to
music fans that it will tempt them again into buying music--whole albums as well
as individual tracks. The point isn't just to help U2 but less well known
artists and others in the industry who can't make money, as U2 does, from live
performance. "Songwriters aren't touring people," says Bono. "Cole Porter
wouldn't have sold T-shirts. Cole Porter wasn't coming to a stadium near you."

The point about songwriters is valid (and generally overlooked by those who say
"play live gigs!" is the answer), but a new music format? DRM on music keeps
failing because people like sharing music. (The article also contains U2's
reactions to the social media reaction to their album release.)

You can follow Guardian Technology's linkbucket on Pinboard.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 8:41 PM GMT

Apple fans count down for iPhone 6

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 488 words


Thousands of Apple fans are entering the last hours o f holding vigil outside
the company's stores as they enter the final countdown until the new incarnation
of the iPhone is released.

Technology fans up and down the country have been camping out as they eagerly
await tomorrow's launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly-anticipated
event in California last week, and customers will be able to buy them from Apple
stores from 8am.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the Apple store in London's Covent
Garden today, with tents, tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing
testimony to their dedication.

Among them was Lasse Maroen, who caught a three-hour flight from his home in
Bergen, Norway with friends from work to get the iPhone 6.

He said: "I have been here since this morning. We came here last year to get the
iPhone 5s. We had such a good time so we decided to go back this year."

Asked if he was a "technology geek", he said: "I have been known to buy the new
iPhones on the day they come out since the first one in 2007, so pretty much."

Mr Maroen said he planned to buy the handset outright. The iPhone 6 is expected
to start at £539, and the 6 Plus at £619.

He said: "I read a lot of iPhone blogs and news sites, and because I watched the
keynote presentation a few weeks ago, and there had been rumours about the
launch being this day, so we had planned on going here for quite some time."

Mr Maroen praised the way Apple co-founder and chairman Steve Jobs had changed
the face of the company.

He said: "I think there are many geniuses (at Apple), but you can't come away
from the fact that Steve Jobs transformed Apple from almost bankrupt in 1997 to
being the biggest company in the world."

On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with over four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the 10 countries from
tomorrow, including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20
next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5 inches.

Network operator EE has also said it will ensure that customers who had
pre-ordered new handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on
Sunday, would still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              June 19, 2016 Sunday

Apple appeals China ruling to halt some iPhone sales

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 521 words


By Rex Crum

rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com

CUPERTINO -- Apple said Friday that it's doing business as usual in Beijing as
the company appeals a Chinese governmental agency's ruling that banned the sale
of some iPhone models in China's capital city.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau told Apple it had to stop selling the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the city because the smartphones violated a patent
held by Chinese phonemaker Shenzhen Baili. The dispute, which has been going on
for more than a year, is over a patent covering the external design of Shenzhen
Baili's 100C phone.

However, Apple has appealed the order to halt iPhones sales, and said in a
statement, "As a result, the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing
IP (intellectual property) court."

Apple said that during the appeal process, its iPhones, including the iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE, as well as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, "are
all available for sale today in China."

Gene Munster, an analyst who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray, said the clampdown
on the iPhones is more symbolic than anything, due to the timing of the move and
when Apple is likely to release the next iteration of the smartphone. Apple
historically holds an event in early fall to stoke enthusiasm for the newest
iPhone ahead of the Christmas and holiday shopping season.

"The bottom line is that the ruling is unlikely to have any impact on (sales)
numbers because the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus model will be discontinued in
September," Munster said. "Even if the device were banned through all of China
for the September quarter, it would likely be no more than a 2 percent to 3
percent headwind," on Apple's sales during the period.

However, the importance of the Chinese market to Apple can't be underestimated.

China surpassed Europe as Apple's second-largest revenue region last year, and
the country trails only the Americas in terms of Apple's regional sales. When
Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, revenue from China
totaled $12.5 billion, compared to the $19.1 billion that came from sales in the
Americas. Sales in China fell by 26 percent from a year ago, and the performance
of the country was one of the main reasons given for Apple's decline in
year-over-year sales for the first time since 2003.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich agreed with Munster about the Chinese agency's
ruling on Apple's immediate business, but said the decision highlights the
tricky situation Apple faces when it comes to doing business in China. An
example of that came earlier this year, when Apple had to shut down its iBooks
store and sales of iTunes movies due to new Chinese laws against the publishing
of content by foreign companies.

"China is an existential threat to Apple in that the government could decide to
favor local suppliers," Milunovich said. "However, we view this as a long-term
risk."

Along with trying to boost its own sales in China, Apple has invested in other
opportunities in the country. In May, Apple made a $1 billion investment in
ride-sharing company Didi Chuxing, which is considered to be the top rival to
Uber in China.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                              June 19, 2016 Sunday

Apple appeals China ruling to halt some iPhone sales

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 521 words


By Rex Crum

rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com

CUPERTINO -- Apple said Friday that it's doing business as usual in Beijing as
the company appeals a Chinese governmental agency's ruling that banned the sale
of some iPhone models in China's capital city.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau told Apple it had to stop selling the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the city because the smartphones violated a patent
held by Chinese phonemaker Shenzhen Baili. The dispute, which has been going on
for more than a year, is over a patent covering the external design of Shenzhen
Baili's 100C phone.

However, Apple has appealed the order to halt iPhones sales, and said in a
statement, "As a result, the order has been stayed pending review by the Beijing
IP (intellectual property) court."

Apple said that during the appeal process, its iPhones, including the iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE, as well as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, "are
all available for sale today in China."

Gene Munster, an analyst who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray, said the clampdown
on the iPhones is more symbolic than anything, due to the timing of the move and
when Apple is likely to release the next iteration of the smartphone. Apple
historically holds an event in early fall to stoke enthusiasm for the newest
iPhone ahead of the Christmas and holiday shopping season.

"The bottom line is that the ruling is unlikely to have any impact on (sales)
numbers because the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus model will be discontinued in
September," Munster said. "Even if the device were banned through all of China
for the September quarter, it would likely be no more than a 2 percent to 3
percent headwind," on Apple's sales during the period.

However, the importance of the Chinese market to Apple can't be underestimated.

China surpassed Europe as Apple's second-largest revenue region last year, and
the country trails only the Americas in terms of Apple's regional sales. When
Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, revenue from China
totaled $12.5 billion, compared to the $19.1 billion that came from sales in the
Americas. Sales in China fell by 26 percent from a year ago, and the performance
of the country was one of the main reasons given for Apple's decline in
year-over-year sales for the first time since 2003.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich agreed with Munster about the Chinese agency's
ruling on Apple's immediate business, but said the decision highlights the
tricky situation Apple faces when it comes to doing business in China. An
example of that came earlier this year, when Apple had to shut down its iBooks
store and sales of iTunes movies due to new Chinese laws against the publishing
of content by foreign companies.

"China is an existential threat to Apple in that the government could decide to
favor local suppliers," Milunovich said. "However, we view this as a long-term
risk."

Along with trying to boost its own sales in China, Apple has invested in other
opportunities in the country. In May, Apple made a $1 billion investment in
ride-sharing company Didi Chuxing, which is considered to be the top rival to
Uber in China.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils new phones, watch

BYLINE: ERIC JOU in Cupertino

SECTION: AMERICAS

LENGTH: 1055 words


Technology giant Apple Computers announced at a press event in Cupertino,
California today three new products: two new iterations of their iPhone
smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, and Apple's first foray into to
the wearable market - the Apple Watch.

Describing it as the "the next chapter in Apple's story", Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduced the Apple Watch to a standing ovation from invited guests and tech
media.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink it and strap it to your
wrist," said Cook.

The new Apple Watch is a square screened device with a sapphire display that
provides haptic, or skin-contact, feedback. The watch has sensors on its back to
monitor heart rate. The focus of the watch - with so many health and fitness
features built in - appears to be health oriented.

The new Apple Watches come in two sizes and three basic models: stainless steel,
an aluminum-cased sport model and a high-end 18-karat gold version, all with a
selection of interchangeable bands.

The watches, which require the use of an iPhone, support apps that include
Chinese messaging app QQ messenger and micro-blogging app Sina Weibo.

The invitation-only event was held in the Flint Center for the Performing Arts
in Cupertino, a throwback to the venue where Apple first launched the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago and the same stage where the iMac was launched.

"It is great to be back to the Flint Center, down the road from the Apple home
center," said Cook. "We had some of the most important apple products on this
stage"

In lieu of the normal announcements of updates happening in the Mac World, Cook
moved directly into the meat of the conference, talking about the iPhone.

"Today we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," he
said. "I couldn't be more excited and more proud to show it to you now."

Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller took to the
stage to introduce the new smartphones - the 4.7-inch screen iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus.

Both sport a myriad of technology upgrades, from faster WiFi to faster LTE
cellular connections. Both phones will launch with the new iOS 8 operating
system. (Software updates will go out to older iPhones (the 4S and later) on
September 17.)

The new phones come with what Apple calls Retina HD, an upgrade to their current
Retina display technology, the 6 supports up to 1 million pixels and the 6-plus
up to 2 million pixels.

The new phones are also thinner. On the new 6 Plus, apps can be used in
Horizontal views.

Previously, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs made comments about bigger-sized
phones having issues in terms of use, as in being difficult to use with one
hand. Apple's move to bigger displays is seen as emulating what Android makers
such as Samsung and HTC have already done.

Beyond the displays, Apple has put out a new 64-bit chip, the A8, the second
generation, which promises to be 25 percent faster in CPU use and 50 percent
better in graphics processing. This new processing power is supposedly better in
terms of power use. The new iPhones will have better battery life than the
iPhone 5S, the company says.

To show off the power of the new phone, Apple brought Super Evil Megacorp
co-founder and chief creative officer Stephan Sherman on to the stage to show
off their new Massive Online Battle Arena game VainGlory.

The new iPhone will make standard calls from Wifi to Cellular. Schiller said the
technology allowed users to talk on Wifi and then transition seamlessly into
cellular voice.

The upgrade to the iPhones' camera isn't much on paper, but Apple claims the new
iPhone 6's have censors comparable to popular DSLR cameras. As for video, the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will take 1080p video at 60 frames per-second and slo-mo
videos at 240 fps. Apple has also included time-lapse functions.

Along with the new iPhones, Apple is pushing a new Apple Pay mobile payment
system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised, it's no wonder that
people have dreamed of replacing these for years, but they've all failed," said
Tim Cook. "We love this kind of problem, this is exactly what Apple does best,
and so we created an entirely new payment process and we call it Apple Pay."

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of internet software and services,
talked about the security of Apple Pay. Credit and debit cards uploaded to the
iPhone are iPhone only. Credit card information isn't stored on the device.

"We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Cue.

Apple Pay comes with every iPhone 6 and 6plus and will start in the US with
American Express, MasterCard and Visa.

Daniel Matte, an analyst with Canalys, said that Apple's announcement delivered
what Apple needed to deliver and the Apple Watch stole the show.

"On the iPhone side, they delivered what they needed to," said Matte. "I think
they're in a very competitive position, putting out two bigger sizes like what
the market has been demanding."

Matte says that the 5.5-inch screen model will work well and appeal to a lot of
people. His only concern is the supply. Matte says that despite China not being
listed as one of the first countries for roll out, it still may be faster than
previous iPhone launches. Matte says that Apple is focused on the China market.

In regards to the Apple Watch, Matte pointed out that this was the first major
non-Steve Jobs product.

"I think the take away is that this is a new area of software, a new direction,
a new user interface, a post Steve Jobs product," said Matte. "It'll take a lot
of time to evaluate the software to see if it's something consumers will take
to, but I do think that the price point and the cool factor - such as the
software and the different functionalities - will appeal to a lot of customers
and sales will be quite strong."

Apple's demo of the Apple Watch showed a few Chinese made applications. Matte
says that this, plus Apple's push into China, shows that Apple is committed to
the Chinese market.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 plus will go on sale in the US and Hong Kong among other
countries for 199 for the 16gb with a 2 year contract and 299 for the 64gb. The
6 Plus will start at 299 with a two-year contract on September 19. Both come in
silver, gold and black.

The Apple Watch will go on sale in early 2015 starting at $349.

ericjou@chinadaily.com.cn


LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Chinese carriers' iPhone 6 pre-order pages go offline

LENGTH: 274  words


Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and China Telecom all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
pre-order service.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

Graphic: How iPhone 6 stacks up against other smartphones

Chinese largest carriers China Mobile Communications Corporation, China Unicom
and China Telecom all have removed the web pages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
pre-order service, which was launched earlier this month.

Both China Unicom and China Mobile offered some information on Apple Inc's
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on their pre-order web pages, including the price and
two different display sizes before the launch of the phones.

China Mobile received 30,000 orders in just two hours after unveiling the
pre-order pages, China Economic Net reported Tuesday.

An insider at China's online shopping mall JD.com Inc told cnr.cn on Tuesday
that the company would explore new promotion methods through the cooperation
with finance industry or other business sectors.

Song Yang, vice-president of Paipai.com, an e-commerce platform owned by JD.com,
also said on Tuesday that they had already prepared a specific section for
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus sales on its website. The sales webpage has been
launched Wednesday.

Analyst Wang Jun from Analysys International said that for high-end cell phones,
there is not much difference between iOS and Android operation systems when it
comes to specifications, operation, market share and application.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple introduces iPhone 7 , iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 458  words


San Francisco, Sept 8 (IBNS): Tech giant Apple on Wednesday introduced iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus, the best.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever on an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers, wide colour system from camera to display,
two new beautiful finishes, and is the first water and dust resistant iPhone.
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries beginning
Friday, Sept 16. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of
the iPhone experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make
this the best iPhone we have ever made, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing. Philip Schiller said: The completely
redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or night, the A10
Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the
best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system
provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the worlds most popular camera and make it even
better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colours with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos. Coming later this year,
the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new depth-of-field effect, using
both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images, while sophisticated technology
including Machine Learning separates the background from the foreground to
achieve amazing portraits once possible only with DSLR cameras. The new
custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that powers
these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone, while
also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever in an
iPhone. The A10 Fusions CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating two
high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and two
high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the power of
the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful, running
up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power, enabling
a new level of gaming and professional apps. Image: Apple website grab

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Dress up your iPhone 6

BYLINE: ByGregg Ellman

SECTION: TECH EXTRA; Pg. SA2

LENGTH: 589 words


New Trent's Trentium and Alixo cases for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are dirt-and
water-resistant. MCT

The PowerArmour from BuQu Tech has a 2,500mAh battery in a unibody shell
exterior to protect the iPhone 6 from drops. MCT

Getting the new iPhone is one thing, getting it dressed up is another. Recently
my email box has been flooded with new cases to dress up your naked iPhone 6 or
6 Plus, and here are some highlights.

? The PowerArmour from BuQu Tech has a 2,500mAh battery in a uni-body shell
exterior to protect the iPhone 6 from drops.

BuQu states that the internal battery doesn't add any unnecessary bulk to the
smartphone, slides in and out of the case with its patented slide-lock
mechanism.

There's also a built-in LED gauge showing available battery power and a
power-saving on/off switch.

www.buqutech.com, $79.99, expected out in November

? One of my favorites, the Q Card Case from CM4, is now available for the iPhone

6. The Q Card Case's one-piece design combines a wallet on the back side of the
protective case.

A few credit cards, ID and cash can be stored in the wallet, which is built into
the case constructed of a patented soft-touch rubber and premium fabric design.

www.CM4.com, $39.99, available in black onyx, pacific green and champagne gold

? New Trent has announced the Trentium and Alixo cases, a new line of protective
cases for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The Trentium has an ultra-thin and rugged design, making it dirt- and
water-resistant for both new phones in black, gold or silver. The Alixo has the
same protection as the Trentium but adds a scratch-resistant screen case, along
with an interchangeable front cover in choices of black or white.

www.newtrent.com, $31.95 each, the cases will be available October 31

?ENERGI's sliding power case for iPhone 6 ($99.99) has a built-in 3,200mAh
rechargeable and battery. Once it's taken off you'll have a protective TPUlined
inner case for enhanced drop protection.

The ALIN glass screen protector ($34.99) keeps your new iPhone 6 clean and
scratch-free. It attaches with the included snap-on alignment tool for easy
positioning to make the installation simple.

www.tylt.com

? X-Doria's fashion-forward accessories now include a full line of iPhone 6 and
6 Plus cases including the Defense 720? and the Engage Folio.

The Defense 720? ($29.99) features a full-screen, hard-plastic protective front
shield, which completely covers the screen but still allows full control of the
touchscreen.

Rear armor is built into the back for a grippy, protective bumper with a sturdy
shield. The two-piece construction snaps together with each for full protection
and is available in black, blue and pink for the iPhone 6.

The Engage Folio is a clear, hard polycarbonate back to protect the smartphone
without hiding it and an anti-scratch coating helps keep the view crystal clear.

A leather-like front cover protects the screen and has card slots on the inside
to store credit cards or a license. The Engage Folio is available for both the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus for $29.99.

? Urban Armor Gear's collection of protective solutions for the new 4.7- and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 meet military standards for drop and shock (MIL-STD
810G-516.6).

They are constructed with a hard armor shell, soft rubber core and bumpers in a
rugged one-piece design.

Urban Armor Gear iPhone 6 cases are available for pre-order in black, white,
rust (orange), plasma (pink), slate (blue) and ice (clear) for $34.95 each for
the 4.7-inch device and $39.95 for the 5.5-inch device.

www.urbanarmorgear.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Apple becoming increasingly reliant on success of iPhone

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 620 words


CUPERTINO -- Across the Bay Area and beyond, the Apple faithful will rise before
dawn Friday, line up on the cold, hard concrete and then fork over hundreds of
dollars -- all so they can be first to own the iPhone 6.

What they might not realize is that Apple needs them just as much as they feel
they need the latest versions of its iconic phone.

Seven years after its debut, the iPhone has become the lifeblood of Apple. The
pocket-size powerhouse already drives more than half of the company's sales, and
that figure is likely heading north. Outfitted with the larger screens that
consumers crave, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked record pre-orders last week and
are expected to fly off the shelves when they hit stores Friday. With sales for
the rest of Apple's gadgets largely flat, the company's fortunes will rise and
fall with the iPhone, analysts say.

As Colin Gillis of BGC Financial put it: "Apple is the iPhone company."

It's an ironic turn for a company that began as a computer maker determined to
be known for more than its flagship Mac. Apple dropped "Computer" from its name
in 2007, the year the original iPhone was released, to cement the shift to a
broader array of personal electronics.

To be sure, the iPhone is a great device to lean on -- it yields huge profits
for Apple, and the global smartphone market is red hot. Nevertheless, analysts
say, companies generally try to draw their sales from various products to hedge
against risk.

"It's dangerous to have all your eggs in one basket," said Roger May of Endpoint
Technologies Associates.

What's more, growth in the smartphone market is increasingly coming from the
lower end, but the iPhone is getting pricier. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299
with a two-year contract -- $100 more than Apple's marquee device last year.

"If the premium space slows down, that would be negative for Apple because they
are so dependent on the iPhone," Gillis said.

Yet for some consumers, Apple must simply name its price. The company announced
that it received a record 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on
the first day they were available, twice the volume it reported for the iPhone
5.

Some of those sales may be coming at the iPad's expense. As smartphones expand
and tablets shrink, analysts suspect that many consumers will not see the need
to lug both devices around. The iPad Mini seems particularly vulnerable,
measuring 7.9 inches diagonally, compared with the 5.5-inch display of the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Yet Apple probably isn't afraid of cannibalizing sales of the Mini, said analyst
Gene Munster, noting that the company gleans much more profit from sales of its
premium iPhone.

"They would rather sell you one iPhone 6 Plus than an iPhone and an iPad," said
Munster, who is a managing director at research firm Piper Jaffray.

And strong iPhone sales could bode well for other gadgets in Apple's portfolio.
The iPhone is designed to work best with other Apple devices, perhaps enticing
consumers who start with the smartphone to rack up more products.

After introducing the latest iPhones last week at a flashy event in Cupertino,
Apple executives rolled out Apple Pay, a mobile payments service, and the Apple
Watch, a timepiece that tracks users' fitness.

Yet despite the new offerings, the iPhone's dominance doesn't seem to be letting
up anytime soon. The Apple Pay service is built into the latest iPhones as well
as the smartwatch. And Apple Watch users must have an iPhone on their person to
take advantage of most of the timepiece's features.

"You can't have either of them without the iPhone, plain and simple," said Ramon
Llamas, an analyst at technology research firm IDC.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Apple adds some polish; Tech giant's fall lineup includes updated Apple TV,
mightier Apple Watch and some interesting diversions

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 723 words


Apple TV

Some developers are calling this a game-changer - quite literally, since Apple
is taking a clear run at the game console market with a device that delivers
television, movie and music entertainment but with the added bonus of putting
games on the big screen. This little set top box delivers the power of a game
console like the Xbox 360, but in a smaller package and at a lower price. With
Apple launching an app store for TV apps and encouraging developers to populate
it as they have for iPhones and iPads, expect to see fast-growing choice in
games and other apps for the new Apple TV. The new Apple TV adds Siri voice
control plus a remote control that doubles as a game controller. Siri will
search across multiple content apps to give you various options for viewing. No
word yet on Canadian pricing, but the Apple TV 32GB model will be $149 US, with
the 64GB at $199 US.

iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus

While the new iPhones have kept the same screen size as their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6S, they have a number of tweaks and improvements. The
iPhone 6S has the same 12-centimetre screen size as the iPhone 6 and the 6S Plus
at 14 cm is the same as the 6 Plus. However, while they have the same Retina HD
display with 1920 by 1080-pixels for the Plus models and 1334 by 750-pixels for
the 6 and S6, the newest phones have new 3D Touch technology. That's a
pressure-sensitive technology that lets you take a quick look at a photo or
other content with a light touch or a deeper dive with more pressure. Live
Photos on the camera adds sound and action to the photos by automatically
capturing time both at the beginning and end of your photo shot. The new iPhones
deliver 4K video, a first for an iPhone, with a five-megapixel HD camera and a
new screen flash for selfies.

The rear-facing camera is 12 megapixels, up from 8MP on the 6 and 6 Plus.
Pre-orders start Saturday with the new phones due out Sept. 25. The new iPhones
will be available in gold, silver, space grey and a new colour, rose gold.
Pricing for the unlocked phones, which start with a 16GB model, with no contract
is as follows: iPhone 6S (unlocked, no contract) starting at $899 for 16GB,
$1,029 for 64GB and $1,159 for 128GB, and iPhone 6S Plus starting at $1,029 for
16GB, $1,159 for 32GB and $1,289 for 64GB.

iPad Pro

This isn't just another iPad upgrade - it's part of Apple's attempt to push into
the business market with a device that can deliver power and features better
than many notebook computers, but with a form factor that allows for true tablet
use. The iPad Pro has an optional $99 US Apple Pencil, a new stylus that is
geared to artists, designers and anyone else who wants to use the surface of the
iPad for writing or drawing. Apple promises a precision and lag-free performance
unmatched by other styli. There's also the $169 US Smart Keyboard, a combination
cover and keyboard that protects the screen and props the iPad up on a
kickstand, a little like the keyboard covers for Microsoft's Surface line of
tabletnotebook hybrids. The screen resolution is 2732 by 2048 pixels, higher
than any other Apple iOS device to date. The iPad Pro is slim at 6.9 mm, and
lightweight at just over 700 grams. It delivers 1.8 times the processing power
of the iPad Air 2 and double the graphics performance. It has an eightmegapixel
iSight camera and 1080p video recording. A new smart connector carries power and
data and connects magnetically to the keyboard. Canadian pricing hasn't yet been
announced for the iPad Pro, which is due out in November, but it starts at $799
US for the 32GB Wi-Fi model. The 128GB Wi-Fiplus-cellular model is $1,079. It
will come in silver, gold or grey.

Hermes Apple Watch

If you really want to impress an Apple fan on your gift list this year, you can
drop $1,100 US on the newest Apple Watch offering - make that $1,250 if you'd
like the extra-long band that wraps twice around your wrist. Along with the
Hermes Watch, Apple showed demos of the new Watch operating system, OS2, which
is due out Sept. 16.

In demos, the Watch was used for everything from Facebook Messenger to medical
monitoring and along with the highend Hermes edition, there are a number of new
strap colour and fashion options.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 Plus bending in pockets: report

LENGTH: 341  words


In what's already being dubbed 'bend gate', owners of Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus
 are reporting that their new smartphones are being bent out of shape  just
from being carried in their pockets, U.K daily The Independent reported on
Wednesday.
The report mentions the the tech giant manufacturer Apple has yet to respond to
  the issue, but numerous pictures of unintentionally curved iPhones have been
                                     circulating on Twitter and other websites.

The report mentions one intrepid YouTube user who has sacrificed his newly
bought handset to prove that the iPhone 6 Plus does indeed bend.

The main reason behind the issue is said to be the fact that since the 6 Plus is
so much larger and thinner than previous phones, that the aluminum case doesn't
have enough strength proportional to its length.

Guardian added that the trend was first picked up by specialist site MacRumours,
who reported one reader's tale of bending his iPhone 6 Plus after putting it in
his front pocket to attend a wedding.

"The 6 Plus was about 18 hours in my pocket while sitting mosty," the report
quoted the irate Apple customer.

"As I lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the
drive (yes, sitting again), I saw the reflection of the window in the iPhones
slightly distorted."

The report also scoffed at Apple for offering customers a do-it-yourself' option
to make their phones curved. It added, however, that practically any smartphone
will bend enough pressure is applied ( as was the case with Sony's Xperia Z1
warping earlier this year), but unfortunately for Apple, the prestige (and
price) of their devices means any fault is taken far more seriously than those
of their rivals'.

Apple had encountered a similar situation back in 2010 with iPhone 4 where the
flawed antenna in the smart phones led to dropped calls when owners held them in
a certain way. Apple offered compensation to the affected customers by issuing
free cases.

Apple had reported of selling a record 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus in the first week of the launch.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

Zong launches iPhones 6 & 6 Plus with 6GB free 4G LTE

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 30

LENGTH: 317  words


Zong, the only 3G and 4G LTE operator in Pakistan officially launched the latest
IPhones 6 &amp; 6 Plus to allow its valued customers to experience and enjoy the
amazing speeds of Zong 4G LTE on these popular smartphones. IPhones are premium
LTE capable smartphones and hence form a perfect combination with speedy Zong 4G
LTE internet. Zong 4G LTE is unique owing to not only its speed and efficiency
but also its coverage, for it can be enjoyed in 7 major cities of Pakistan. This
means that those purchasing this offer will be able to enjoy 4G LTE internet
that is unparalleled in the market in terms of both speed and coverage.

The IPhone bundle offered by Zong is the most attractive option amongst all.
Tustomers can enjoy 6 GB worth of Zong 4G LTE data per month for a total period
of 6 months, which means that they get 36 GB free in total. This offer is fairly
more attractive than the competing offers that are being made by other
telecommunication companies. This is because the IPhone experience can be
enjoyed to the fullest with a Zong 4G LTE connection only. Since Zong is the
pioneer of 4G LTE internet in Pakistan, the combination of IPhone and Zong
implies a package that is unique in the market.

While expressing his views about the launch of IPhones, Executive Director
Commercial Mr Babar Bajwa said that people will experience a clear difference
while using IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with the Zong 4G LTE network. "Like many
other tremendous initiatives by Zong, this launch is another gift for our valued
customers who are the recipients of exclusive 4G LTE technology.

This combination of speedy and extensive 4G LTE and IPhones is one that Zong is
unique in offering, and means that customers will have a truly one of a kind
experience." he explained. Currently, IPhone 6 and 6 Plus are available in gold,
silver and grey colors with 16GB, 64GB and 128GB internal memory options.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6s release date and prices - when can you get your hands on Apple's
latest gadget?;
The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been revealed - but when can you get your
hands on them?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 367 words


Apple revealed the latest version of the iPhone in front of 7,000 people in San
Francisco last night.

As expected, the world's biggest tech company delivered an 'S' version of its
two current smartphones: the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The two new gadgets will keep the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch sizes of last
year's phones, Apple has added some extra features and improved the performance.

iPhone launch live: FIRST LOOK at the new smart phone

Along with a better camera, new pressure-sensitive display and a brand new
display, Apple also revealed how much it'll cost and when you can get it.

See our round up of the 4 cheapest ways to get your hands on the new iPhones.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus will be available to pre-order from
September 12 at 8.01am. Not long to wait, then.

The actual phones will be released just under a fortnight later on September 25,
2015.

And, if you were under any illusions about how popular this gadget is likely to
be, it turns out people are ALREADY queuing up to be the first to get hold of
one.

Apple has kept the pricing the same as it was for your last year's phones. Which
is to say: they aren't cheap.

The 16GB SIM-free version of the iPhone 6s will set you back £539. The SIM-free
64GB version costs £619 while the SIM-free 128GB is a whopping £699.

That increases if you decide to go for the larger iPhone 6s Plus, which starts
with a SIM-free price of £619 for the 16GB version.

The SIM-free 64GB model is £699 and the top-tier SIM-free 128GB iPhone 6s Plus
costs £789.

The new blower has made improvements to the screen with a new '3D Touch'
feature.

It will register varying levels of pressure, and respond differently depending
on how hard you press it.

Apple has also increased the quality of the camera on the back of the phones to
12-megapixels, improving on the 8-megapixels of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

As well as taking better pictures, the new iPhones will be able to shoot video
in 4K quality - which is four times as detailed as regular high definition
video.

There's also more power thanks to a brand new processor it calls the A9.

It's 70% faster than iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tasks, or 90% on graphics.

Will you be queuing up to buy the new iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Susquehanna raises Apple's price target to $ 135

LENGTH: 152 words

DATELINE: India


India, Nov. 25 -- Shares of Apple Inc gained almost 2 per cent after
Susquehanna's analyst raised their priced target to USD 135 from USD 120, citing
improvement in the iPhone 6 plus product mix.

Susquehanna Financial Group analysts said on Monday, "Our recent checks suggest
iPhone production of 60-65 mn for Q4, consistent with our prior expectations.
Apple is producing as much of the iPhone 6 Plus as they can and we view the mix
of iPhone 6 Plus to be a very important driver of Apple's profitability, since
the profitability of the 6 Plus is so much higher than iPhone 6."

Susquehanna added that Apple is making as many iPhone 6 Plus as it can but the "
iPhone demand is still exceeding supply."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2014 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Virtual crowd line up for new iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 317 words


Bendy-gate hasn"t deterred them, nor has Apple pulling the latest update of iOS
8 because of software glitches.

But maybe that"s because they"re made of cardboard.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in New Zealand in a selected
few Spark stores from 12.01am, and the rest from 7am.

And the queues for the smartphones are already packed, even though no one is
actually there.

Spark has offered Apple fanbois the chance to join a queue of cardboard cut-outs
with emoji faces.

The company invites people on its site: "Join our Emoji Queue and a life-size
emoji character will reserve your spot in line outside one of our launch stores.
Your emoji does the waiting. Then on the day, you tag in and take your spot."

Spark says it will notify customers when their emoji - the popular cartoon faces
used to express emotions in text messages - are near the front of the queue, so
they can hot-foot it down to the store to get their iPhone 6.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale last Friday in the US, UK,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and Singapore.

Apple broke its sales record for an opening weekend of a new iPhone model,
delivering 10 million in three days and boasting it could have sold more if it
had them.

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn"t be happier," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said on
Monday.

"We could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working
hard to fill orders as quickly as possible."

The opening weekend for the large-screen iPhones allowed Apple to break its
record for launch weekend sales of nine million, which its set last year when it
launched the iPhone 5S and 5C.

Queues in the US and Australia started 10 days before the phone was available.

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at $999 and $$1149 for the iPhone 6 Plus, which
boasts a larger screen.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Rush of orders for iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Matt Warman; Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 326 words


APPLE'S new, large-screen iPhone 6 Plus already accounts for one third of all
new iPhones pre-ordered, UK sources say.

The launch of the new iPhones is prompting users to buy larger screen sizes in
unprecedented numbers, as the base model now offers a 4.7-inch screen and the
larger model sits firmly in the previously challenging "phablet" space, between
mobile phones and tablets.

Sources at UK mobile networks said that the largest, 5.5-inch iPhone Plus
accounts for 30pc of all orders and has largely already sold out. The 64GB
model, previously the highest capacity available, is now either the best-selling
or the equal of the cheaper 16GB version.

The 6 Plus, which starts at £619, has also sold out on Apple's online store,
with delivery times now quoted as three to four weeks.

Although mobile networks said they expected a positive response, they admitted
the high proportion of 6 Plus orders had taken them by surprise.

One suggested that the growing popularity of watching films and TV on
smartphones, as well as the device's significantly longer battery life, were the
most likely reasons.

With the new, 4.7-inch iPhone 6, however, continuing to be the focus for most
customers, network sources suggested that it is ensuring Apple both retains its
existing customers and that it is even starting to take customers back from
Google's rival Android operating system.

Both devices officially go on sale on Friday, and have received a "record number
of pre-orders", according to the company.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible," an Apple spokesman
said.

US customers ordered more than 4m handsets within 24 hours, which exceeded the
initial pre-order supply, meaning some may not ship until October, Apple said.

Phones 4U has issued a statement reassuring customers who placed orders for the
two models that they would be refunded following the announcement that the
retailer collapsed into administration on Sunday night.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2014 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Thailand may gets iPhone 6 Oct 24

BYLINE: Bob James

LENGTH: 417  words


Thailand will get its chance to buy the iPhone 6 at regular prices Oct 24 when
Apple Corp officially brings its latest two devices to retailers and mobilephone
operators in the kingdom, an industry source said Tuesday.

Currently only available via greymarket resellers at exorbitant prices, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will go on sale on Apple's online store, mobile
operators and distributors at prices ranging from 25,500 baht to 37,300 baht,
according to a source at a major Thai informationtechnology distributor. Apple
itself has not confirmed the release date.

The 4.7inch iPhone 6 will sell for 25,500 baht for a version with 16 gigabytes
of storage memory. The 64 GB model will sell for 29,400 baht and the 128 GB
version for 33,400 baht, the source said.

The 5.5inch iPhone 6 Plus "phablet" will start at 29,400 baht for the 16 GB
version, 33,400 baht for the 64 GB model and 37,300 baht for the topoftheline
128 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The IT distributor acknowledged  but could not explain why  prices supplied to
him were higher than what the iPhone models sell for in the US, based on current
exchange rates. The quoted retail prices for the iPhone 6 are also higher than
historically charged for iPhone 4S and iPhone 5S models with the same amount of
storage.

Another industry source said this week that Thailand could have been among the
countries to receive the iPhone 6 the first day it launched, Sept 19, worldwide.
But he said public comments by an official at the National Broadcasting and
Telecommunications Commission confirming the existence of the iPhone 6 a month
before its launch dashed those chances.

NBTC secretarygeneral Takorn Tantasith announced that the NBTC had approved
Apple's application to distribute two models  identified only by number  and
then, on Aug 12, tweeted the news. Apple, notoriously secretive about
unannounced products, demanded an immediate meeting with Mr Takorn and,
according to the Thai industry source, booted Thailand down the launch list.

Thirtyone other markets will have received the latest iPhones before Thailand if
it indeed does launch here on Oct 24. China gets the devices on Oct 17.

The IT industry source suggested Apple may not have retaliated against the NBTC,
however. He said the delay could be caused by the extremely constrained supplies
of the iPhone 6 Plus, which have sold out in nearly every market. Apple
reportedly is having trouble meeting manufacturing goals for the handset, which
has been more popular than the 4.7inch model.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

New iPhone 6 is a big step up

BYLINE: Troy Wolverton; San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 774 words


With its new iPhones, Apple added more than just bigger displays. But I suspect
those big screens will be more than enough to entice plenty of iPhone fans to
upgrade.

Apple began selling the new devices - the iPhone 6 and the jumbo-size iPhone 6
Plus - a little more than a week ago. I've been testing both and have liked what
I've seen so far. I've not had the phones long enough to test all their features
or Apple's claims about them, but I've used them long enough to get some strong
first impressions.

The most obvious difference between the new iPhones and their predecessors is,
of course, the size of their screens. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display, which
is about 38 percent larger than that in the iPhone 5s. The iPhone 6 Plus,
meanwhile, has a 5.5-inch display, which is about 88 percent bigger than last
year's model.

The new displays put the iPhones more or less in line with their Android rivals,
such as Samsung's Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4, and allow them to much more
easily display text, photos and videos. Reading documents and emails on the new
models was a joy compared to reading them on my iPhone 5s.

Apple has tweaked iOS 8 to take advantage of the extra large screen on the 6
Plus. When users rotate the device so it's positioned horizontally, iOS will
rotate the home screen too. Inside particular apps, iOS will split the screen to
show more information. In the Mail app, for example, users can see both the list
of messages in their inbox and the full text of a particular message.These are
tricks Apple borrowed from the iPad, and they work well on the new phone.In
addition to their bigger screens, the new phones offer a revamped design, with
edges that curve right into the glass of their displays. And the new devices are
actually thinner than their predecessors, helping keep their overall size
down.I'm not a big fan of jumbo-size devices, so the iPhone 6 Plus still feels
too big in my hands. But thanks in part to its svelte shape, the regular iPhone
6 feels like it is just about the right size.The other significant advantage of
a larger phone is that it provides room for a higher capacity battery. Apple
claims that the iPhone 6 will provide up to 14 hours of talk time and the iPhone
6 Plus up to 24 hours, compared to just 10 hours on the iPhone 5s. I didn't get
a chance to verify those claims, but the iPhone 6 Plus did last through all my
tests without needing to recharge, despite not starting with a full battery.The
other big feature that sets the new models apart from their predecessors is the
ability to make wireless payments with the new Apple Pay service.

Borrowing yet another page from its Android rivals, Apple has included in the
new devices a near-field communications antenna, which is the standard method
for such payments. At special registers, users will be able to pay for items
with their credit or debit card accounts by merely pointing their phones at them
and touching the phone's fingerprint sensors.

Unfortunately, early adopters won't be able to use the new feature because Apple
isn't slated to turn on Apple Pay until sometime next month.

Apple has also upgraded the camera system on the new phones. One of their most
impressive features is a superfast new autofocus system. The camera appears to
take about half as much time to focus on subjects as that in the iPhone 5s and
can switch nearly instantaneously from macro to distance shots and back again.
The feature is particularly noticeable when shooting video, as it continuously
and quickly adjusts the focus without users needing to manually tap on the
screen.

The new phones will also shoot regular video at up to 60 frames per second and
slow-motion videos at up to 240 frames per second - up from 30 and 120 frames
per second, respectively, in the iPhone 5s - offering amazing new views of fast
action. Both also offer enhanced image stabilization, which is supposed to help
reduce jerkiness in videos and compensate for fast-moving subjects in pictures.
However, I wasn't able to tell much of a difference over last year's phone.

Many of the new phones' other features are less noticeable, but will likely
improve your experience with them. They have significantly faster processors and
support faster data rates over both Wi-Fi and cellular networks. They also
support Voice over LTE, a new standard for making voice calls that will finally
allow users of Verizon and Sprint iPhones to surf the Internet while talking on
the phone.

I liked what I saw of the new iPhones - particularly the regular iPhone 6. Big
screens may be old hat for Android users, but I think they're going to be a
welcome change for iPhone fans.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6 is available for Rs 24,999 on Flipkart app: Here's how

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 303  words


Apple's iPhone 6 is now available for lowest price of Rs 24,999 from Flipkart
app under exchange

Apple's latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus go on sale tonight. Both the devices
come with few hardware upgrades and 3D Touch display which offers an all new
Peek and Pop gestures. Apple's latest iPhone 6s starts at Rs 62,000 for the 16GB
version while the top-end 128GB iPhone 6s Plus will cost Rs 92,000.

While Apple has priced its latest iPhones on the far higher side of price
spectrum, most online retailers have already started offering attractive
discounts on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Can't afford an iPhone 6s? Well here are the top deals on Apple iPhone 6:

You can get an Apple iPhone 6 for as low as Rs 24,999 from Flipkart app under
exchange. Flipkart is offering a minimum discount of Rs 500 and maximum discount
is Rs 15,000 after exchange. You can avail up to Rs 15,000 discount on exchange
of Google (http://indianexpress.com/tag/google/) Nexus 6, Motorola Turbo, Galaxy
Note 4 which brings the effective price on 16GB iPhone 6 down to Rs 24,999 on
the app.

Amazon India is offering the biggest discount on Apple iPhone 6
(http://www.amazon.in/Apple-iPhone-6
-Gold-16GB/dp/B00O4WTN9E/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1444911622&sr=1-1&
keywords=iPhone+6) without exchange. The 16GB iPhone 6 is now available for Rs
36,999 but HDFC bank users can avail extra 15 percent cashback from the app and
10 percent from the site. The discount is available only for the Gold version of
Apple iPhone 6.

Amazon is offering iPhone 6 64GB and 128GB models at Rs 45,989 and Rs 61,814
respectively.

Like Amazon, Snapdeal is also offering 16GB iPhone 6 for Rs 36,999 but only Gold
version is available. Snapdeal lists both Space Grey and Silver models as
discontinued. Also Snapdeal is not offering the 128GB model of iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now available in Mobily shops

LENGTH: 211  words


MOBILY announced Saturday that it is now offering iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
the best, most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera
system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10
Fusion chip, which is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering
the best battery life ever in an iPhone.

Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available to pick up in Mobily retail shops.

Mobily is committed to offering customers innovative and unprecedented services,
including prepaid and postpaid packages that take advantage of our fast 4G
network," said Mohammed Al Belwe, Executive General Manager of Corporate
Communications and PR, Mobily. "With the launch of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on
Mobily, we are continuing that legacy by offering these incredible smartphones
to our valued customers."

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus,
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability, please visit: www.mobily.com .sa. For more information
on iPhone, visit: www.apple.com/iphone.-SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/29/147480004310.jpg

Mohamed Al Belwe

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

CSL Mobile to Offer iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus in Hong Kong Beginning Sept. 16

LENGTH: 177  words


Sept. 13 -- CSL Mobile today announced it will offer iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
the best, most advanced iPhones ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera
system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10
Fusion chip which is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering
the best battery life ever in an iPhone.

Customers can pick up their iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday, September
16 at our retail stores.

Mr. Alex Arena, Group Managing Director of HKT, said, "With our unique 375Mbps
4G LTE-A network, our customers will be able to enjoy ultimate mobile broadband
experience when they make use of the advanced features of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus."

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus,
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available. For complete details on
pricing, please visit www.hkcsl.com or www.1010.com.hk. For more information on
iPhone, please visit www.apple.com/iphone.

Source: PCCW

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

The iPhone 6s rumour mill

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 809 words


Invites for the next iPhone launch on September 9 are already out and like every
year there is a lot of excitement around the new phone. Karan Bajaj brings you a
list of rumored upgrades and features that Apple's upcoming superphone might
have.

NO INCREASE IN BASE STORAGE

While initial rumors suggested that Apple might increase the base storage to
32GB instead of 16GB offers some advice on better for the new iPhone, new leaks
have come up claiming that 16GB base versions will continue. Since management
and how to set cloud services (Apple Music streaming, iCloud) can be used to
keep internal storage free, Apple unhackable) passwords has no need to increase
the base storage.

Probability \xAD 100%

IMPROVED HARDWARE

While the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus both have dual core processor with 1GB RAM,
competition has moved to octa core processors with 4GB RAM. Apple will be
playing catch up here and is expected to upgrade the new iPhone's with quad core
processor and 2GB RAM.There are chances that Apple might use the triple core A8+
processor that comes on the iPad Air 2.

Probability \xAD 100%

BETTER CAMERAS

Camera is one department where Apple has always had the lead and with the new
iPhone they will want to continue having an edge over competitors.Rumors suggest
that the new iPhone will have a 12MP sensor with optical image stabilisation and
4k video recording. Front-facing camera is expected to be upgraded to a 5MP unit
for selfies.

Probability \xAD 100%

FORCE TOUCH

Force touch essentially enables the device to identify the difference between a
light and strong touch. It is already present on the Apple watch and Macbook's
trackpad so the inclusion of the technology on upcoming iPhone is expected.
There are multiple uses of Force Touch for added convenience in launching an
operating apps and games.

Probability \xAD 75%

ADDED DURABILITY

Bendgate became a rather big issue for Apple with the all metal design of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. This is one issue that Apple has expected to have taken
steps to avoid on the newer iPhones. Rumours say that Apple has improved the
durability using 7000 se ries aluminum on the chassis. The sturdy con struction
removes any chance of the bending issue to arise again.

Probability \xAD 100%

BETTER BATTERY LIFE

iPhone 6 has a 1,810mAh battery while the iPhone 6 Plus has a 2,915mAh battery .

With improvement in construction mate rial there are chances that Apple might
opt for slightly better batteries for the new iPhone. We don't expect a massive
increase in the capacity but a hundred mAh or so increase could be there.

Probability \xAD 75%

NEW COLOURS

Space grey , silver and gold are the three colours currently available on the
iPhone. Recent rumors and leaked images suggest Apple is planning to bring the
rose gold colour option from Apple watch on the iPhone. If launched, the pink
hue might garner the same atten tion as gold colour when it was intro duced on
the iPhone.

Probability \xAD 50%

SMALLER IPHONE

Not everyone liked the larger design of the iPhone 6. Some users preferred the
iPhone for its compact size and for such users Apple could launch a small er
version of the iPhone. Name wise speculations say it could be the iPhone 6s mini
or it iPhone 6c. Expected is a a 4-inch retina display in an iPhone 5 type metal
body with hardware and features similar to iPhone 6.

Probability \xAD 75%

PRICE & AVAILABILITY

Following their usual pricing strategy, we expect Apple to r password price the
iPhone 6s from US$649 (16GB) onwards while the iPhone t better (read: 6s Plus
will be US$749 onwards.

Expect them to arrive in India toward s the end of October

Wireless Charging

Built-in wireless charging could be a big feature that Apple can include in the
upf coming iPhone. This would be a welcome addition by accessory manufacturers
as i well as users. e 50% probability

Expandable storage

Non-expandable storage is one of the major complain from Apple iPhone
owners.Apple just might provide a solution with the new iPhone by offering a
storage expansion slot.0% Probability

Larger Screen

The iPhone 6 came with larger display compared to the iPhone 5s where as the
iPhone 6 Plus marked Apple's entry into the phablet segment. A revision of
screen size again is highly unlikely 0% probability

Curved Display

Samsung has three phones with curved displays.Apple launching a phone with
curved display would even the odds but an iPhone with curved display this year
is doubtful.25% probability

Animated Wallpaper

One of the most loved features on the Apple watch is the option of animated
wallpapers. Android has had the feature for a while now and its high time Apple
intriduced it for the iPhone.75% probability

Revised Design

Apple has a trend of keeping the same design for two generations of iPhone. So
we don't expect Apple to revamp the design in the the upcoming iPhones.0%
probability .

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

7th heaven for Apple fans

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 966  words


dna of technology

We take a quick look at all that has happened at the Apple event in San
Fransisco. And here's a sneak peak of the specifications, tentative prices for
the newly launched Apple devices: iphone 7, iphone 7 Plus, Apple Watch Series 2
and the Apple AirPods.

Everything you need to know about iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus

Apple CEO, Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at an event in San
Francisco.   The company says, it's the "best iPhone" they have ever created.
Pre-orders begin on September 9 while the devices will ship on September 13 in
select countries. In India, the iPhone 7 models will launched on October 7.

Same old design

New iPhone 7 models looks very similar to the iPhone 6s. However, Apple has
ditched the headphone jack and instead, installed dual speaker grills on the
bottom of the device. The makers have also announced AirPods- the new wireless
earbuds and have also introduced two-new black finishes, called black, jet
(glossy) black apart from the silver, gold and rose gold color variants.. Apple
says that the new jet black finish is accomplished through an innovative
nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform, glossy finish. The
iPhones 7  and 7 Plus models are water resistant (IP67), offering protection
against spills, splashes and dust. The home button is now Force Touch sensitive
as well. Lastly, a second-generation fingerprint sensor is built into the new
Home button.

Multi touch display

The iPhone 7 sports a 4.7-inch LED Multi-touch display with a 1334X750 pixel
resolution at 326 ppi whereas the iPhone 7 Plus sports a 5.5-inch LED
Multi-touch display with a 1920X1080 pixel resolution at 401 ppi. The iPhone 7
comes with a Retina HD display that's 25 percent brighter than the iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus. Apple's Phil Schiller is confident in the quality of the iPhone
7 display and has touted it as being the "best display on any smartphone."

Faster processor

The new iPhones include a new A10 Fusion chip with a 64-bit embedded M10 motion
coprocessor. This chip is said to be 40 percent faster than the A9. Apple's Phil
Shiller stated that the new A10

fusion is 120 times faster than an original iPhone, saving a more battery.

Longest battery life ever

The iPhone 7 is said to have the "Longest battery life ever in an iPhone" and
lasts 14 hours when using WiFi and 12 hours on 4G LTE, while  the iPhone 7 Plus
lasts 15 hours on both WiFi and 4G. On average, it  lasts two more hours than
iPhone 6s and an iPhone 7 Plus last one more hour than the 6s Plus varient.

Ample storage

The company has scrapped the 16GB variant and added two new models, 128GB and
256GB for the new iPhones. The iPhone 7 and iphone 7 Plus will be available in
32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants.

Power packed camera

The iPhone 7 packs in a 12MP camera with quad-LED with True Tone Flash a new 6
-element f/1.8 aperture lens. It includes a new 7MP front facing camera. The
iPhone 7 Plus packs in a dual rear camera setup, out of which one sports a 56mm
telephoto lens and the other, a wide-angle lens. The devices also include
optical image stabilization (OIS). They include 4K video recording at 30 fps and
are capable of 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps. The iPhone 7 offers
a digital zoom up to 3x while the iPhone 7 Plus offers an optical zoom at 2x
along with a digital zoom of up to 6x.

The new operating system

The new operating system, iOS10 will be launched on September 13. The iOS10 will
have major improvements in Siri, Apple Music, HomeKit, Apple News, Apple Map and
will be compatible  iPhone 7, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5, iPhone
5c, iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad 4, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, iPod touch
sixth-generation onwards.

Pricing and Availability

$649 (approx. Rs43,000) for the 32GB storage variant

iPhone 7 Plus starts at $769 (Rs51,000)

AirPods cost $159 (approx. Rs10,000) To be purchased separately

In India, base models of iPhone 7 likely to be priced from Rs60,000

Wireless AirPods @ Rs15,400

Nothing airy about these pods

Apple introduces AirPods, a pair of wireless headphones to complement Apple
products. The device will be available in India starting in late October.

To set up the device, open the charging case near your iPhone and double tap the
sensors on the side. AirPods set up with all the devices signed into your iCloud
account, including your iPad and Mac. The headphones can switch from a call on
your iPhone to listening to music on your Apple Watch.

The AirPods are equipped with Apple W1 chips, with dual optical sensors and
accelerometers in each AirPod that work with the W1 chip to detect when AirPods
are in your ear, so they only play when a user is ready to listen. Remove them
to automatically pause the music, or just remove one to have a conversation and
automatically resume when you put it back. Users can also access Siri with a
double taping the AirPods to select and control your music, change the volume,
check your battery life or perform any other Siri task. An additional
accelerometer in each AirPod detects when you're speaking, enabling a pair of
beam-forming microphones to focus on the sound of your voice, filtering out
external noise to make your voice sound clearer than ever before.

According to Apple, the ultra-low power Apple W1 chip operates at one-third of
the power of traditional wireless chips, enabling AirPods to deliver up to 5
hours of listening time on one charge while the custom-designed charging case
holds additional charges, for more than 24 hours of total listening time.

Pricing and Availability

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for Rs 15,400 beginning in late October.

AirPods require Apple devices running iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra to work

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Eircom says 1st to sell iPhone 6;
iPhone 6

LENGTH: 210 words



HIGHLIGHT: eircom Group, which operates the Meteor and eMobile brands, today
announced it will offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to customers on Friday,
September 26.


eircom Group, which operates the Meteor and eMobile brands, today announced it
will offer the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to customers on Friday, September 26.

"We are delighted to offer the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to our Meteor and eMobile
customers. Apple is an incredibly popular brand with our customers and the
anticipation of these new handsets has been unprecedented," Niall Dorrian,
Director of Mobile, eircom, said.

After its gala, U2-launched unveiling last night, the iPhone 6 has had
favourable reviews from the tech and consumer world.

TechRadar's Gareth Beavis said the iPhone 6 represents "a seismic shift for
Apple" - placing the iPhone in harder competition to even the best of the
Android and Windows Phone handsets on the market. Of the updated A8 processor,
Beavis said: "In terms of the performance advantage Apple has given itself, the
new A8 processor certainly seems up to the task." He was also glowing about the
phone's "sleek and rounded sides" - but worries that the slippier handset could
lead to accidents. IGN's 's Justin Rubio, too, was fulsome in his praise of the
phone's new rounded design. He said: "The rounded edges of the unibody casing
made it so my hands naturally curved around the phone." For more visit:
www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Locals line up to buy the new iPhone 6

BYLINE: Emily Wilkins, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 348 words


Sept. 20--They began lining up Thursday before the AT&T store in Bryan had even
closed for the night to stand in line for the debut of the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6-plus.

By the time the store opened in the morning, about 150 people had wrapped around
the building at the corner of Briarcrest and East 29th Street.

Assistant store manager Kurtis Kostelnik, who worked the launches for three
other iPhones, said he was expecting the excitement as the iPhone 6 has some
significant changes from its predecessor -- most notably a larger screen and
faster processor.

"The larger screen makes a big difference," he said "Before we had a lot of
customers say, 'I love the iPhone, but that phone over there has a bigger
screen.'"

Matt Vega is an iPhone devotee who was particularly eager to get his hands on
the iPhone 6 after his iPhone 5 began to malfunction several months ago. He
drove around to all the AT&T stores in the area at 5 a.m. Friday trying to find
the shortest line.

The store on Texas Avenue had about 35 people and Kostelnik's store in Bryan had
about 30. The shortest line, 19 people, was at the AT&T store on Rock Prairie
Road. The store didn't open until 8 a.m., and it took until 9:30 for Vega to
enter and get his iPhone 6.

"I've always loved the iPhone," he said. "It's everything you could want and
need at your fingertips."

Kostelnik said the iPhone 6-plus sold out in the first few hours and all phones
were sold out by the end of the day, although the store is still helping
customers place orders for the phones. Vega said the AT&T he waited at announced
the plus model was sold out before he reached the front of the line.

Josh Manuel, a senior at A&M, said he called the Verizon in College Station
around 10 a.m. to find out the store only had two iPhone 6s left in stock. Not
wanting to risk missing a phone, Manuel drove an hour to Tomball to buy an
iPhone 6.

"So far I really like it," he said. "It has a better battery, better screen and
it's faster."

___ (c)2014 The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) Visit The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) at
www.theeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-EG-Locals-line-up-to-buy-the-new-iPhone-6-0920-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2014 The Eagle


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

BRIEF: iPhone 6 released today in Erie

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 154 words


Sept. 19--Retailers in Erie opened their doors to customers eager to purchase
the iPhone 6 this morning.

"We've been busy since we opened our doors at 9 a.m.," said Steve Bullis, store
manager of Verizon Wireless at 5043 Peach St.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which were announced Sept. 9, are slimmer than
previous versions, but have bigger displays. Where the iPhone 5 was 7.6 mm wide,
the iPhone 6 Plus is 7.1 mm wide and the iPhone 6 is 6.9 mm wide.

"We have a limited supply in store today and we had a chunk of ones that
customers ordered today as well," Bullis said. "Customers can come in today and
order a phone. The sooner they get here, the sooner the phone will ship."

The iPhone 6 pricing starts at $199 and the iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299.

Return to GoErie.com for updates.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140919-EI-BRF-iPhone-6-released-today-in-Erie-0919-20140919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Long wait well worth it, say iPhone fans

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 513 words


People queued for hours to get their hands on one of the new iPhones, released
in New Zealand at midnight.

Vodafone stores in Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin opened their
doors at 12.01am to keen Apple fans intent on being among the first to get the
new smartphones.

While the iPhone 6 phones have had some early questions raised about their
durability - there have been reports overseas of the iPhone 6 Plus bending in
people"s pockets - that hasn"t stopped technology enthusiasts queuing to get
them.

Vodafone spokeswoman Michelle Baguley said the queue at Auckland"s Queen St
store started forming about 3pm yesterday.

Mt Eden man Damon Dai, 20, was the first person in line for a new phone
yesterday.

Queing for nine hours was worth it, he said.

"I"m a real Apple fan. I love Apple, I purchase all the Apple products," the
recent immigrant from China said.

"I adored Steve Jobs, he"s my hero. He changed our world."

He had a full battery on his iPhone 5s and enough mobile data to see him through
to the midnight launch, he said, and wanted the new, larger phone for its more
powerful output and thinner design.

Going in a different direction, for the first time Spark - formerly Telecom -
was launching the latest iPhone incarnations at a later time, instead of
midnight.

This year customers have been able to pre-book their places in Spark queues
online by registering an oversized novelty "emoji" - pictures popularly used in
text messages - which are printed off and hold their space in the queue.

Spark spokesman Sam Durbin said the iPhones would be launched at their main
stores in Auckland, Hamilton, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin at 7am.

"It"s not a traditional midnight launch. It just kind of suited what we wanted
to do. It just fitted with our concept a bit better."

The larger version of the new device, the iPhone 6 Plus, was proving
particularly popular - although the numbers of the phone available could not
meet immediate demand, he said.

Mobile phone company 2degrees will launch later still, at 8am, in Auckland at
their Sylvia Park store and Yoobee in Newmarket, as well as in Wellington and
Christchurch.

Coffee would be provided to the early birds and street performers had been
organised, a spokesman said.

Some upgraded features

Size: the iPhone 5s measures 123.8mm x 58.6mm x 7.6 mm and weighs 112g.

The iPhone 6 measures 138.1mm x 67mm x 6.9 mm and weighs 129g, while the Plus"
increased screen size stretches to 158.1mm x to 77.8 x 7.1mm and hits 172g.

Screen: the iPhone 5s had a 4 inch Retina screen, the iPhone 6 has a 4.7 inch
screen, and the 6 Plus features a 5.5 inch screen

Memory: The iPhone 5s comes with 16, 32 or 64Gb of solid state memory. The
iPhone 6 models come in 16, 64 and 128Gb.

Power: The iPhone 6 is powered by Apple"s latest A8 processor and has faster
processing power and faster graphics.

Battery: The iPhone 5s is capable of 250 hours of standby or 10 hours of
chatting before it needs a charge. The iPhone 6 can handle 50 hours of audio and
11 hours of video. The iPhone 6 Plus offers 80 hours of audio and 14 hours of
video.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7 A silhouette into a faux future

LENGTH: 1403 words

DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, Oct. 4 -- The release of Apple's latest iteration in the iPhone line
has been all the hype these last few weeks. There have been contrasting reviews
: some like the faster processor while others hate the removal of the headphone
jack. Some even complai

that Apple is playing catch-up with Android with features like water-resistance
and processor performance, but I think comparing iPhone to Android phones is
like comparing apples to oranges. Primarily

because, while both of them are smartphones, they fill totally different
spectrums of the smartphone industry. Android is more open to different kinds of
hardware, third-party apps and user tweaks while iPhones are limited to specific
hardware and the Apple eco-system. So, in my review today, we look at the iPhone
7, unadulterated.

With the iPhone 7, there are a lot of new features that Apple brings to their
line of flagship phones but there are a lot of compromises as well. The main
question here would be whether the compromises are worth the new features
implemented by Apple: currently the answer is no. The iPhone 7 still feels like
a prototype since a lot of its new features aren't really fleshed out and, for
it to actually find a ground, Apple needs to loosen up the noose a little bit.
But iPhones have always been trendsetters in the smartphone industry and it's
likely that most of the iPhone 7's features will bleed into other devices as
well (if Apple doesn't threaten to sue on patient claims).

At first blush, the iPhone 7 and the 7 Plus look exactly like the older iPhone 6
and 6s. The only distinguishing aesthetical change here would be the slightly
invisible antenna lines. On the older iPhones, the antenna lines were stark and
obvious; for the latest offering, Apple has tried to hide them by them bleeding
them into the edges of the phone. This makes for a more seamless design by Apple
but if you snap on a cover on top of the iPhone 7, it'll hardly be
distinguishable from the older iPhone 6. And much like the popularisation of the
rose gold colour by Apple on its iPhone 6 line, Apple has introduced the new jet
black colour for their iPhone 7 line as well. Although the jet black colour
looks polished and refined, it's a fingerprint magnet and is highly receptive to
scratches and dents which make the use of cover essential. The home button is
also not a physical button anymore and the elongated button reacts like a sensor
and works with the Taptic Engine to simulate a vibration jolt every time the

button is pressed. This feels like an unnecessary change since the tactile
physical button response of the older iPhone felt a lot better. Apple claims to
have made this decision to make the home button more customisable but since the
engine has not yet been adopted by most third-party app developers, it seems
redundant for now and even the Taptic response of the engine makes it feel like
the whole lower bottom of the iPhone 7 is a sending out a click response rather
than the button.

Performance wise, Apple new A10 Fusion processor works great. It outperforms
both the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and the One Plus 3. It follows the same
architecture that Qualcomm has implemented on most of their recent processors,
the BIG.LITTLE technology that works for low performing cores for everyday
activities and high powered core for more CPU intensive tasks. The A10 Fusion
chip is a quad-core processor and utilised two high-powered cores and two
low-powered cores. This would mean that the iPhone 7 would perform faster than
the iPhone 6 line and achieves better performance at a lower power consumption.
But again, the performance does not increase by leaps and rather the performance
increment can be taken as a small step forward in comparison to the iPhone 6.
The higher powered cores don't kick in until the apps demand which would mean
that fluidity of the iPhone 7 would seem on par to that of the iPhone 6 during
daily use.

Apart from the performance increment, the iPhone 7 has a better camera and the
iPhone 7 Plus features a dual camera set-up. iPhone have always set the standard
in mobile photography and although other companies have been pushing for higher
megapixel sensors, none of them have been able to match the quality of photos
taken by an iPhone. Recently, though, Samsung S7 line has been able to produce
excellent quality photos and could take on the iPhone 6 in terms of picture
quality but matching Apple's image quality took Samsung years. With the iPhone
7, Apple has managed to improve image quality by implementing a faster f/1.8
lens but here too, the quality increment is nominal when compared to the older
iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 Plus does increase image quality drastically because of
the dual lens setup but Apple has disappointed me here too. While the pictures
the iPhone 7 takes are phenomenal, having access to two lenses would mean a host
of features but with the iPhone 7 Plus, it only amounts to a better zoom.
Optical zoom is good and all but looking at what other companies like Huawei
have managed to do with dual

lenses, the iPhone 7 Plus' zoom ability is just sad. Huawei's Honor 8 lets you
play with all kinds of optical effects like depth of field and focus
adjustments. Some companies with dual lens cameras even let you focus after the
shot has been taken. To me, the full capabilities of the dual lenses have not
been adopted by Apple and puts the dual lens setup of the iPhone 7 Plus to
shame.

Apart from the faster processor and the dual lens camera, the feature (or rather
the lack of) that has been turning heads is the removal of the 3.5mm analogue
headphone jack. Apple's always been confident about setting trends but the
removal of the headphone jack might not be a good thing. This severely limits
the number of ports on a portable device and having to use the
lightning-to-3.5mm converter is a hassle. They're small and you can lose they
easily. Apple seems to be hinting at a completely wireless ecosystem but that
too is not properly fleshed out on the iPhone 7 because it does not feature
wireless charging. Even the enhanced Bluetooth support of the iPhone 7 is locked
into Apple's ecosystem. The company's new flashy pairing support is only limited
to their W1 compatible audio products which means that every other audio system
will have to suffer through the same snags that Bluetooth pairing entails. This
is very disappointing because Apple is taking away an industry standard port
claiming to pave the way for newer technologies but locking this new technology
only to the Apple ecosystem and not across the whole board just beats the whole
purpose. I would have defended Apple in this regard claiming that since
everything is going digital, getting rid of the analogue 3.5mm jack is zeitgeist
but seeing as how Apple has made a conscious decision to lock their new
technology to the Apple ecosystem just seems underhanded and wrong.

So, considering all of these claims, investing on an iPhone 7, especially at
this point in time, is not a very good idea. The phone looks like the iPhone 6
with additional cables and converters plugged into it and it does not bring
drastic performance increments to actually make the jump from an iPhone 6 to the
7. The loss of the headphone jack is also a big problem at this point of time
and would only mean that you'd have to keep track on one more (Bluetooth
headsets) device to charge up. Also using Bluetooth instead to cabled headphones
would mean quicker battery drain. The shortcoming of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone
7 Plus are just too stark for me to recommend it right not. The retina display
of the iPhone also seems pointless today since almost all flagships by other
manufactures come with 2k or 4k display resolutions at a higher pixel per inch
ratio. Currently, the iPhone 7 doesn't bring much to the table and even the new
feature that they have introduced feel rudimentary and impish at this stage.
Maybe waiting for the next iteration in the iPhone line would be a better call.

If your technological devices are giving you a hard time or if you're just
curious about certain technological questions, please drop us an email at
technopolis.tkp@gmail.com and we'll try to answer your questions as best we can.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      January 16, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

PhoneSuit Announces Elite 6 Battery Case Series For iPhone 6 And iPhone 6 Plus
At CES 2015

LENGTH: 413  words


Friday, January 16, 2015: PhoneSuit, award winning manufacturer of Smartphone
battery cases and mobile power solutions today announced the next generation of
the PhoneSuit Elite Battery Case product line at CES 2015 (Consumer Electronics
Show) in Las Vegas. The Elite 6 Battery Case Series for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus provides users with extended power for up to 2 days of use without the need
to reach a power outlet. The latest generation of PhoneSuit Elite Battery Cases
continue to deliver the ultimate in power, protection and style with industry
leading, premium case designs.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case series incorporates a number of new features
to provide iPhone users with extended power while also enhancing ergonomics and
durability. PhoneSuit's innovative touch control technology utilizes multiple
sensors which allow users to check battery status and control iPhone power
output with ease. The touch sensors eliminate the need for archaic mechanical
switches and buttons, which can fail over time. PhoneSuit's advanced chipset and
custom high-density battery cells can provide users with up to 120% in
additional iPhone power. Quick charge technology fully recharges an iPhone 6 in
less than 2 hours. Smart Power Management technology prioritizes and manages
power delivery to the iPhone. The list of Power features include, pass-through
charging, prioritized charging, iTunes sync, automatic-off once iPhone is 100%
charged and more.

The Elite 6 Battery Case line features ultra-slim, ergonomic, full protection
case designs. The internal structurally reinforced construction and high
strength polycarbonate materials have been rigorously tested to ensure drop
protection from nearly any angle. PhoneSuit's proprietary soft-touch, metallic
rubber composite coating provides for a great grip and feel in hand.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case series is available now for pre-order on
PhoneSuit.com. Users can choose from variety of colors which include soft-touch
Black metallic, Blue metallic, Red metallic and Silver metallic colors.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case for iPhone 6 (2200 mAh) provides up to 80%
extra charge at $79.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Pro Battery Case for iPhone 6 (3000 mAh) provides up to
120% extra charge at $99.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case for iPhone 6 Plus (3000 mAh) provides up to
80% extra charge at $89.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Pro Battery Case for iPhone 6 Plus (4200 mAh) provides up
to 120% extra charge at $109.95

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Options for new and old smartphones

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 625 words


Whether it's time to buy a BlackBerry, sell your iPhone or protect your new
iPhone 6 from expensive repairs, here are the latest options.


BlackBerry Passport Business users who lamented the loss of a keyboard on their
touchscreen smartphones have a new option with this week's release of
BlackBerry's new Passport. The big square-screened Passport comes with a
touch-sensitive QWERTY keyboard. It's available now through Telus Mobility,
starting at $100 bundled with Internet and Optik TV service on a two-year
contract; $200 (an introductory price until Sept. 30) with a two-year phone
contract and $700 with no contract. The factory unlocked version from BlackBerry
is $700. The touchscreen on the Passport is 4.5 inches with 453 pixels per inch,
higher than Apple's iPhone 6 Plus. It's heftier and wider than Samsung's Note 4
and the iPhone 6 Plus. BlackBerry says the passport-like size makes it easy to t
in a pocket. That would be a suit pocket. The Passport has BlackBerry's new 10.3
operating system, which includes BlackBerry Blend, an app that links your
messages and content from your BlackBerry to your computer or tablet. It has a
13-megapixel rear-facing camera with optical image stabilization and 1080p HD
video recording and a front-facing 2MP camera with 720p recording. Find out more
at ca.blackberry.com.


Orchard app -Sell Your iPhone Are you looking to sell your old iPhone so you can
buy a new iPhone 6? There's an app for that. The app Orchard tests your phone,
gives you a selling price and if you choose to sell it, the company will send
you a shipping box to send in your phone. With Apple announcing it set a record
for iPhone sales, no doubt there are a lot of second-hand iPhones looking for a
new home. The problem, says Bruno Wong, a University of Victoria grad who
co-founded the Toronto-based start up Orchard with Alex Sebastian of Vancouver
and University of Toronto grad Hamza Javed, is that the majority of people don't
want to go through the hassle of selling. Only 18 per cent of smartphones get
resold, a bit higher for iPhones. Orchard charges sellers 20 per cent if they'll
wait for three weeks for their phone to sell and get their money; for two weeks,
the fee goes up to 25 per cent; for one week it's 30 per cent and for a one-day
sale - it's 35 per cent. I tested the app with my 64-GB factory unlocked iPhone
5. The app estimated it's worth $380, meaning if I opted to wait three weeks to
get my money, I'd net $304. If I wanted the money immediately, I'd get $247. By
comparison, with Bell Mobility's trade-in program my phone would be worth $125.
The company plans to expand its service, adding iPads, Android devices and other
consumer electronics. Look for Orchard -Sell Your iPhone by Orchard Labs Inc. in
Apple's app store.

BodyGuardz Screen Protectors We often put our phones in a case but leave the
screens unprotected. If you've ever sat on your phone, had it crushed in the
bottom of a hockey bag or suffered some other similarly shattering experience,
you'll know that damaged screens can be an expensive headache. Already repair
shops say they are getting iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in for screen
repairs and Apple has posted screen repair prices: $109 for the iPhone 6 and
$129 for the iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c and the iPhone 5. You could
invest in a BodyGuardz screen protector for your new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus with
several options including the ScreenGuardz Pure and the ScreenGuardz Pure
Anti-Glare at $40; the HD Impact and the HD Impact Anti-glass at $30, the $25
Clear Skins, which are an ultrathin clear polyurethane protector that wraps the
entire iPhone, and Armor, a PVC lm that retails for $20. Find them at
bodyguardz.com.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple puts iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on sale in Turkey

LENGTH: 341  words


[#x130]STANBUL (C[#x130]HAN)- Apple put its latest smartphones, the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, on sale in Turkey and 21 other countries early on Friday morning,
including Russia, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan and European states such as Belgium and
the Netherlands.



Customers wanting to be the first to purchase Apple's newest smartphones in
Turkey formed long queues in front of electronic stores on Thursday evening. The
stores let the enthusiastic customers in at the midnight.

"I have been waiting for this for a month. I am very happy to be one of the
first people to buy this phone," said Ataberk Calaz after his early-morning
purchase.

The iPhone 6 16 GB model is on sale in Turkey for TL 2,349 ($1,038); the 64 GB
and 128 GB models are available for purchase at TL 2,649 ($1,170) and TL 2,949
($1,303), respectively.

The larger screen iPhone 6 Plus' 16 GB, 34 GB and 128 GB models cost TL 2,649
($1,170), TL 2,949 ($1,303) and TL 3,249 ($1,435), respectively.

Apple had put the new iPhone models on sale earlier in the United States, UK,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Puerto Rico and Singapore. Sales
for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded a record 10 million during the first
weekend the phones were available for purchase.

In addition to Turkey, the new iPhone models were put on sale in Austria,
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and the United Arab Emirates.

Apple plans to put the new phones on sale in more than 100 countries by the end
of the year.

Apple responded on Thursday to complaints that the iPhone 6 Plus phones "bend,"
saying this is extremely rare during normal use and that it has so far received
only nine such complaints from customers.

SHOTLIST
TURKEY, ISTANBUL, 26 SEP 2014

VAR of the Apple store
Salespersons getting prepared to open the doors
VAR of the shop representatives take off red cover on Apple logo signboard
VAR of the customers in the shop

DURATION: 03:30
C[#x130]HAN

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2014 Cihan News Agency
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            November 2, 2014 Sunday

iDigital hikes iPhone6 prices;
Other iPhone importers in Israel have not raised their prices.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 341 words


The iDigital chain, one of the official iPhone importers in Israel, has decided
to raise its prices only one and half weeks after the official launch, shortly
after the customers and the press stopped comparing prices. The price hike
varies between NIS 40 and NIS 100 on the models sold by the chain.

For example, the 16-gigabyte version of the iPhone 6, sold for NIS 3,690 at the
launch, sold for NIS 3,769 today - a NIS 79 difference. The price of the same
model in its 64 gigabyte version was raised from NIS 4,225 to NIS 4,295, a NIS
70 difference.

The iPhone 6 plus model has also become more expensive. The price of the
16-gigabyte model rose from NIS 4,225 to NIS 4,295, a NIS 70 difference. The
price of the 64-gigabyte model rose from NIS 4,695 to NIS 4,799, a NIS 104 price
hike.

From the very beginning of the sale of iPhones in Israel, iDigital was not
satisfied with the prices. A few days before the launch, the company issued a
press release with much higher prices, but when it saw that the market was
falling in line with the lower prices, it had to adjust its price.

iDigital is now putting its prices back up, although still not to the full price
at which it had planned to sell the iPhones. This means that the price of the
16-gigabyte version of the iPhone 6 could reach NIS 3,875 and the price of the
iPhone 6 plus could reach NIS 4,475, as iDigital had originally planned to sell
the devices.

While iDigital has raised its prices, another official iPhone importer in
Israel, C-Data, stated in a talk with "Globes" that it had not raised its
prices. For its part, the Rami Levy chain said that its prices were the same as
at the launch: NIS 3,525 for an iPhone 6 and NIS 4,070 for an iPhone 6 plus. The
price differences between iDigital and Rami Levy are therefore NIS 244 for an
iPhone 6 and NIS 225 for an iPhone 6 plus.

There was no response from iDigital as of web posting. p>Published by Globes
[online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on November 2, 2014

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2014

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple Inc sells record 10 million in first three days

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 23 -- Tech giant Apple on Monday said that it has set a new record
of selling over 10 million of its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models, just
three days after the launch on September 19.

The US-based company said that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in the
US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the UK and will be available in more than 20 additional countries on
September 26.

Commenting on the development, Apple, CEO, Tim Cook said, "Sales for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch weekend, and we
couldn't be happier. We would like to thank all of our customers for making this
our best launch ever, shattering all previous sell-through records by a large
margin."

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,
featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina® HD
displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically
thin and seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2014 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Boostcase for Apple iPhone 6 Plus

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Apple

LENGTH: 288 words


If you are going to protect your Apple iPhone 6 Plus with a case, you might as
well use a hybrid power case, such as the Boostcase.

Available for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the Boostcase consists of a nice-looking
snap case and modular battery sleeve. It is available in black, gold and clear.
We reviewed the black version for the iPhone 6 Plus.

The snap case has several holes on its back for both fashion and function. The
design looks chic and allows the case to be securely attached to the four small
circular lumps on the battery sleeve.

Built into the sleeve is a 2,700mAh rechargeable battery with a Lightning
connector. At the base of the sleeve is a micro-USB port for charging, a power
switch and a touch-activated LED strip battery indicator.

It is easy to snap the case on, but it takes some force to pry it off the
battery sleeve.

At the left side of the base is a rather deep inlet for the smartphone's 3.5mm
audio jack. A headphone adaptor is bundled with the case.

With the snap case attached to the battery sleeve, the package is rather thick
at 18mm. The snap case itself adds only 2.7mm to the smartphone.

In my test, the Boostcase was able to charge my iPhone 6 Plus from 30 per cent
to full power in 2hr 20min, exhausting its battery in the process.

But this was done with the screen brightness set at maximum, and Bluetooth and
Wi-Fi switched on, while I checked frequently for e-mail and social media
updates. With less intensive usage, the Boostcase topped up my iPhone 6 Plus to
full power from 20 per cent and still had about a quarter tank left in reserve.

The Boostcase is a great solution to the protection and power needs of your
iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus with its chic and modular design.

By Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple sells over 10 million iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 395 words


In just three days, sales of the iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus have set a
new record.

Apple on Monday announced that iPhone sales surpassed 10 million following the
first weekend of sales in 10 initial countries.

To put the figures into some sort of context, Samsung announced in May that it
had shipped 10 million Galaxy S 5 handsets globally, a month after its global
release.

However, shipping isn't the same as selling, and Apple is the only big
smartphone maker that is happy to publicly divulge sales figures.

Selling 10 million handsets in three days, despite the phone only being on sale
in 10 countries is a remarkable feat, and one that Apple is clearly very proud
of: "Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the
launch weekend, and we couldn't be happier," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "We
would like to thank all of our customers for making this our best launch ever,
shattering all previous sell-through records by a large margin. While our team
managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could have sold many
more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill orders as
quickly as possible."

Indeed as some publications reported, supplies of the larger iPhone 6 Plus were
constrained in the US, causing people who had queued for hours to walk away
empty-handed.

The new iPhone 6 and its phablet counterpart, the iPhone 6 Plus both boast the
biggest displays ever to feature on an Apple smartphone -- 4.7-inches and
5.5-inches, respectively. They are also the first iPhones to have health apps
baked into the operating system and to support mobile payments.

As well as making existing Apple fans very happy, the new, bigger phones appear
to be attracting the attention of Android smartphone owners too.

According to US smartphone trade-in website, Gazelle, Samsung handset trade-ins
jumped threefold following the announcement of the latest iPhones. It also
claimed in an email to BGR that one in three people who traded in an Android
handset said that they were planning to upgrade to an iPhone 6.

The iPhone 6 will be rolling out to consumers in Switzerland, Italy, New
Zealand, Sweden, Netherlands, Spain, Denmark, Ireland, Norway, Luxembourg,
Russia, Austria, Turkey, Finland, Taiwan, Belgium and Portugal on September 26
and, according to the company, by the end of 2014 will be on sale in 115
countries.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Telecom Tiger

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple introduces its best and most advanced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones

LENGTH: 1253  words


"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller

Apple, on Wednesday introduced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most
advanced iPhone ever, packed with unique innovations that improve all the ways
iPhone is used every day. The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems
that take pictures like never before, more power and performance with the best
battery life ever on an iPhone, immersive stereo speakers, wide colour system
from camera to display, two new beautiful finishes, and is the first water and
dust resistant iPhone. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than
25 countries beginning Friday, September 16.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made. The completely redesigned cameras shoot
incredible photos and videos day or night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the sound,
all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the world's most popular camera and make it even
better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colours with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images,
while sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the
background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only
with DSLR cameras.

The new custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that
powers these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone,
while also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever
in an iPhone. The A10 Fusion's CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating
two high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and
two high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the
power of the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful,
running up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power,
enabling a new level of gaming and professional apps.

Both phones include support for up to 25 LTE bands, for the best worldwide
roaming in the industry, and LTE Advanced for three times faster data rates than
iPhone 6 at up to 450 Mbps.1

New stereo speakers offer amazing and immersive sound that is two times louder
than iPhone 6s, offering increased dynamic range of sound and a higher quality
speakerphone. The new iPhone comes with EarPods with Lightning connector to
deliver incredible sound, as well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that allows
customers to use old headphones and accessories.

New AirPods, Apple's innovative new wireless headphones, weave simplicity and
technology together to reinvent the wireless experience making headphones easy
to use. Featuring the new Apple W1 chip, AirPods have extremely efficient
wireless communication for a better connection, improved sound and
industry-leading battery life. AirPods harness the power of Siri, allowing you
to access your favourite personal assistant with just a double tap.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in a gorgeous design in silver, gold and
rose gold finishes and introduce two all-new black finishes, a beautiful black
finish that has an anodised matte appearance, and an innovative jet black finish
that has a deep, high-gloss look. The new jet black finish is accomplished
through an innovative nine-step process of anodisation and polish for a uniform,
glossy finish. An entirely reengineered enclosure results in a water resistant
iPhone offering protection like never before against spills, splashes and dust.2

The new iPhone features the brightest, most colourful Retina HD display ever in
an iPhone, now with a wide colour gamut for cinema-standard colours, greater
colour saturation and the best colour management in the smartphone industry. An
all-new, advanced, solid-state Home button on iPhone 7 is designed to be durable
and responsive, and working in tandem with the new Taptic Engine, provides more
precise and customisable tactile feedback.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system. iOS 10 introduces a huge update
to Messages that delivers more expressive and animated ways to message friends
and family, the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, new ways to
interact with apps and even more places to use 3D Touch, beautifully redesigned
Maps, Photos and Apple Music, and the Home app, delivering a simple and secure
way to manage home automation products in one place. iOS 10 also opens up
incredible opportunities for developers with Siri, Maps, Phone and Messages
APIs, allowing customers to do more than ever with the apps they love to use.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the
new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at MRP INR 60,000 and
the new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple Authorised Resellers and select carriers.

Customers will be able to order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday,
September 9, with availability beginning Friday, September 16, in Australia,
Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the
UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia beginning Friday, September
23. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will also be available to customers in India
beginning Friday, October 7.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for MRP INR15,400 beginning in late October. All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus models will include EarPods with Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5
mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold separately for MRP INR 2,500 and MRP INR
900, respectively.

Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colours will be available starting at MRP INR 2,900 and iPhone 7 Smart Battery
Case will be offered in black and white for MRP INR 8,900. Lightning Docks in
several colour-matching metallic finishes will also be available for MRP INR
3,700.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Telecom Tiger, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple's new smartphones break pre-order record

LENGTH: 146 words


Around 4 million Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were ordered within the first 24
hours after the smartphones were launched

NEW YORK

Apple's recently unveiled smartphones broke pre-order records for the company,
according to a statement issued by the technology giant on Monday.

Around 4 million iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were ordered within 24 hours of
their launch on September 9. It is reported that the amount of pre-orders has
doubled the number for the iPhone 5, which was introduced two years ago.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," the head of Apple, Tim Cook said in a
written statement.

It is also reported that the record-breaking pre-order of the new smartphones
increased the company's stock value by 0.35 per cent.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus will be available on September 19.

www.aa.com .tr/en

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2014 Andolu Ajansi
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

1GB RAM and Qualcomm modem, check the innards of Apple iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 219  words


Apple might have tried its best to be discreet about the hardware components
used in its recently launched Iphone 6 Plus, however it could not keep it under
covers for long. Gadget repair firm iFixit got a unit of Iphone 6 Plus in
Australia and tore it down to reveal what sits inside the biggest-ever iPhone.
The tear down shows that the iPhone 6 Plus includes chips from Qualcomm,
Skyworks Solutions and Avago Technologies, comes with 1GB of RAM instead of the
rumored 2GB RAM, and houses a high capacity 2,915mAh battery.

The teardown shows that Apple has made noticeable bumps in the battery size by
upping it to a massive 2915 mAh battery, from 1560 mAh battery on iPhone 5S. It
also shows that the iPhone 6 Plus runs on Qualcomm 4G LTE chipset which is
responsible for offering connectivity to 20 LTE bands.

To ensure smooth and faster operations, it houses M8 motion coprocessor (NXP
LPC18B1UK), Qualcomm WTR1625L RF transceiver chip, NXP 65V10 NSD425 NFC chip,
Skyworks, Avago, Murata339S0228 Wi-Fi Module, Broadcom BCM5976 touchscreen
controller, TriQuint power amplifier module and InvenSense's gyroscope and
accelerometer. Also, the phone comes with SK Hynix's NAND flash memory chip for
inbuilt storage. However what might disappoint some fans expecting better RAM is
the 1GB of RAM provided in iPhone 6 Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Advertiser Edition

WHAT WE LEARNT - AND WHAT WE DIDN'T

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 404  words


APPLE has revealed plenty of new details about the new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch, but some questions remain unanswered.

WHAT WE KNOW â-  Apple plans to replace your wallet with your smartphone, in the
shape of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, and the Apple Watch. A lot of people have that
plan but analysts are already saying that the deals Apple has made with banks,
credit cards and retailers like Disney could make this dream come true.

â-  Both new iPhones will use the same charger as the iPhone 5 models. â-
Apparently there is no 'I' in watch, just like there is no 'I' in team. It does
come in two sizes and three models. No matter what Watch you get, they all have
interchangeable bands.

â-  On the topic of names, where did iPhone 6 Plus come from? Let's get ready
for the marketing campaign: Now iPhones come in Plus-sized models.

â-  Apple has embraced NFC (Near Field Communication) at last - not only in its
iPhones, but in its smartwatch. If you're an Apple fan, you better brace
yourself for some gentle ribbing from your Android-loving mates welcoming you to
2010.

â-  U2 are very, very loud. Tim Cook is not scared to say "one more thing".
Apple can still keep very big secrets. And it doesn't need Steve Jobs to launch
sexy new products.

WHAT WE DON'T KNOW â-  The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at night by
touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need recharging is
anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

â-  When will Apple Watch be in Australia? It'll be post-Christmas but how about
early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch - maybe with an
esky and thongs app.

â-  What will Apple Pay mean to Australians? Apple has announced a bunch of US
retailers and banks but no details of when it will come to Australia and how it
will work.

â-  Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus in particular has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.â-  While we were given stats on battery
usage, one thing you can never learn in a product launch is what battery use is
like in real-world examples. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were said to have a battery
life equal if not better than the iPhone 5S. Is that going to be good enough?

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Bend it like iPhone: Galaxy S6 edge, HTC One (M9) fail the test

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 230 words


NEW DELHI: Remember the brouhaha over Apple iPhone 6 Plus being prone to
bending. The 'bendgate' controversy that made Apple issue a statement and other
smartphone makers poking fun at the smartphone giant.

But as it turns out, Samsung and HTC's latest flagship phones Samsung Galaxy S6
edge and HTC One M9 are no less prone to bending then Apple iPhone 6 Plus.

US-based electronics insurance company SquareTrade subjected Samsung Galaxy S6
edge, the new HTC One M9 and iPhone 6 Plus to the same pressure test.

The company put these devices through a torture test using its 'Bendbot' machine
to see when they would bend and ultimately break. Galaxy S6 edge reached its
bending point at 110 pounds of pressure, same as that of iPhone 6 Plus.

Here HTC's new One M9 proved better than both the competition, bending at 120
pounds of pressure.

However, when it comes to breaking point, Apple iPhone 6 Plus turned out to be
better than both S6 edge and One M9. While One M9 ceased to function after being
exerted to 120 pounds of pressure, Samsung Galaxy S6 edge reached its failure
point at 149 pounds.

Apple iPhone 6 Plus beat its rivals, working normally until exerted with 179
pounds of force.

Here's the SquareTrade's video where you can see the performance of all the
three smartphones yourself:

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

Like TOI Tech on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

@New screen S/C head;Apple's iPhone 6 proves tough to bend

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 290 words


@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

@BY New Paper/Agency;Bloomberg

@BY New Dateline;San Francisco

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Apple's new iPhones, facing an Internet outcry about their malleability, proved
difficult to bend and fit for daily use in lab tests run by Consumer Reports
magazine.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force" to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports said in results of a study published on its website.
HTC's HTC One M8 and Samsung's Galaxy Note 3 were among the other devices.

"All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough," the report
said. "We expect that any of these phones should stand up to typical use."

Following uproar in social media including claims the new iPhone 6 Plus bends if
it is sat upon or if enough pressure is placed on it, Apple has said bending of
its devices is "extremely rare".

Only nine customers had contacted Apple about a bent iPhone 6 Plus, the company
said in a statement.

The iPhone 6 Plus began to deform after 41 kilos of force was applied and the
iPhone 6 stood up to pressure until 31.7 kilos was applied, the same as the HTC
One M8, according to Consumer Reports. The Galaxy Note 3 was damaged at 68
kilos. All devices withstood 25 kilos, the force needed to break three pencils,
the magazine said.

"Bear in mind that it took significant force to do this kind of damage to all
these phones," Consumer Reports said.

"Both iPhones seem tougher than the Internet fracas implies."

The iPhone 6 Plus, a 14-centimetre screen device, which is the biggest
smartphone in Apple's line-up, became available for sale last week, along with
the other new model, the iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

People line up outside Fayetteville store for new iPhone 6

BYLINE: Amanda Dolasinski, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 524 words


Sept. 19--A line of people snaked around Fayetteville's AT&T store counting down
until Friday morning when they got the first crack at purchasing the new iPhone
6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

"The only thing I didn't see was a gas grill," said Scott Legge, store manager,
who arrived at the store around 5 a.m. "People were lined up from the front door
to the back of the store."

Apple started selling the newest generation of the iPhone Friday morning. The
phones were launched in 10 countries Friday.

"There's a lot of excitement," Legge said. "Today, there's a significant number
of our customers interested in iPhones."

Legge said he anticipated lines, so he called in extra staff and had
refreshments waiting for the first customers in the door Friday.

Although the line had dwindled by lunchtime, several customers mingled in the
store testing the iPhones and talking to staff about tricks and tips for using
them.

Legge declined to say how many iPhones the store received or how many had been
sold Friday.

By noon, Tammy Tuttle said the iPhone 6 Plus model that she wanted was already
sold out. Instead, she opted for the iPhone 6.

The phone's larger screen was appealing to Tuttle, who takes photos of cakes she
creates for her business, T-Tuttlecakes, and posts them online. She researched
the phone for several days before stopping in AT&T.

"I'm a cake decorator and I take a lot of pictures," she said. "I have to edit
them and add the logo to give it a more professional look. I wanted the bigger
screen and more memory."

Brooke Sotero, of Fort Bragg, knew she wanted the new iPhone, but wasn't sure if
she wanted the Plus model, which has the larger, 5 1/2 inch display.

Sotero is usually holding a toddler on her hip and has to type and send text
messages using only her free hand, she said.

"I was looking online to order it, but I wanted to hold onto to see," she said.
"The Plus is too big, with all the kids stuff, it's hard."

Kerry Jenkins met his wife, Sherry, at the AT&T store on their lunch breaks
Friday to upgrade their phones. Jenkins said he has been a loyal Apple customer
since he purchased his first Mac computer in 1987.

He most recently had been using the iPhone 4, but wanted to take advantage of
AT&T's trade-in special, which gave him $200 credit toward the new iPhone if he
returned the iPhone 4.

Jenkins, who teaches graphic design at Methodist University, said Apple products
have always been standard in his industry. Aside from its business purpose,
Jenkins said he likes the ease of streaming music from his phone

"One of the reasons I like it is cause I've got iTunes, so my car can use my
phone to play my music," he said.

Earlier this week, Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with 4 million in the first 24 hours.

That's double the record set for iPhone 5, when Apple reported 2 million
pre-orders in its first 24 hours.

Staff writer Amanda Dolasinski can be reached at dolasinskia@fayobserver.com or
486-3528.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140919-FY-People-line-up-outside-Fayetteville-store-for-new-iPhone-6
-0919-20140919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone 6 UAE launch set for September 26

LENGTH: 207  words


Etisalat, the UAE based mobile operator has announced the availability of the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus in the UAE. According to a tweet posted by
Etisalat UAE, the new iPhones will be available in the UAE on on the 26th
September which is just a week after they will be released in [...]
The post iPhone 6 UAE launch set for September 26 appeared first on tbreak.ae.

Etisalat, the UAE based mobile operator has announced the availability of the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus in the UAE. According to a tweet posted by
Etisalat UAE, the new iPhones will be available in the UAE on on the 26th
September which is just a week after they will be released in the US.

EtisalatUAE announced it will offer #iPhone6 and #iPhone6plus on 26 september.
For more details visit http://t.co /Qkn2dxZ3fs

-- Etisalat UAE (@EtisalatUAE) September 9, 2014

This is the fastest that we've seen a new iPhone officially launch in the
region. No word on prices yet or whether du will also be offering the iPhone 6
at the same date. We've reached out to them and will update this post with any
new information we get regarding the release of the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus in the UAE.

The post iPhone 6 UAE launch set for September 26 appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      October 4, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 Available On e-Retail Stores For Around Rs 56,000!

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 234  words


On 9 September iPhone 6 was officially launched by Apple and reports stated that
by mid-October or early November, the smartphone will be circulated in Indian
markets.

Saturday, October 04, 2014: E-commerce vendors have started selling Apple iPhone
6 at around Rs 56,000, though the official launch date of the smartphone along
with its other details are yet to be announced in India.

eBay is offering iPhone 6 for Rs 55,954 and as per the website, the device will
be delivered by 8 October, and delivery is also said to be free. Another vendor,
ShopClues.com, is selling iPhone 6 16GB at Rs 59,999, but it's charging Rs 149
as shipping cost. The estimated delivery date is same as eBay. On 9 September
iPhone 6 was officially launched by Apple and reports stated that by mid-October
or early November, the smartphone will be circulated in Indian markets.

eBay has also started taking pre-orders for iPhone 6 Plus for Rs 77,000. Both
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched with 8MP camera with 1.2MP front
shooter and both the devices support 2G,3G and 4G network. The devices are
coming in three variants as per storage: 16GB, 64GB and 128GB. In comparison to
these devices' last predecessor, iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are
slimmer and smarter as per their looks. Both ShopClues.com and eBay denied to
comment on their source of iPhone 6, while Apple also didn't prefer to comment
on the issue.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Apple slashes price of 6S and 6S Plus by offering buybacks on its previous
phones;
If you happen to own an iPhone 6 or select Samsung flagship phones, it's now
easier to get your hands on the new iPhones.

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 286  words


If you happen to own an iPhone 6 or select Samsung flagship phones, it's now
easier to get your hands on the new iPhones.

Less than a month since the launch of the latest iPhone, Apple India has made an
unprecedented decision to place a discount on the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in a
buyback offer. The offer gives consumers a discount up to Rs 34,000 to improve
sales, according to a report by The Times Of India.

The iPhone 6S and 6 Plus were launched recently for a price ranging between Rs
62,000 and Rs 92,000. Sales of the new phone were lower than expected, showing a
15-20 percent decrease over the previous year. Not to mention last year's
models--the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus--are cheaper by Rs 8,500-9000.

Ingram Micro, one of Apple's iPhone distributors, has just started the buyback
scheme in a couple of Apple stores in South India which will successively be
taken to a national level.

The buyback offer of Rs 34,000 on the new iPhones is against iPhone 6. Apple
India will also buyback selected hi-end Samsung handsets. Retailers can upload
details of the old handsets for the offer on a separate website made by Apple.

Since last week, the iPhones are being sold at a 7-11 percent discount on online
shopping sites like Snapdeal, Amazon and Flipkart.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to buy
back old models under a scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and
reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, said three senior
trade partners of Apple India.

The discounts are aimed at helping the company accelerate adoption of their new
phones, which is especially pertinent during the Diwali buying season.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Evening Chronicle

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhones and queues... and they are all engaged

BYLINE: Hannah Flint

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2,3

LENGTH: 604 words


IT was an old-style queue for the latest new technology toy...and then they sold
out!

Hannah Flint Fanatics desperate for Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
queued for up to 12 hours outside Eldon Square shopping centre in Newcastle in
the rain.

In the early hours, over 300 stood in the queue that snaked up Newgate Street
before the Apple shop was finally opened at 8am.

Fans were still waiting outside at 10am on the day of the launch of the handsets
which promise 4G reception and longer battery life.

But many were left disappointed after the shop sold out of the iPhone 6 Plus -
the bigger version of the new phone.

Osan Al-Jaberly, 18, a student from Gosforth, said he waited in line at
Gateshead's MetroCentre at 4am, but left after he was told only the iPhone 6 was
being sold.

He then made his way to Newcastle's Eldon Square only to find out his desired 6
Plus was already sold out.

He said: "It wasn't worth me waking up so early - they won't get more iPhone 6
Pluses in until next week.

"I'm going to go home and complain to Apple - they need to sort their self out
and get more stock in the future."

The lucky few to get their hands on the new models waited 12 hours.

Calvin Liu, a 20-year-old student from Sunderland, said: "I came here at 9pm
last night and there were about 15 people in front of me. I've had all the
models of the iPhone: the 4, the 4S, the 5 and the 5S. I'm a huge iPhone fan."

He walked off with one iPhone 6 and one Plus, bought for his girlfriend.

Others came prepared for the wait. James Bunting, 24, bought chairs, crisps, an
umbrella and an energy drink and sat with two friends playing games in the queue
from midnight.

He said the team from Apple arrived at around 6am and let only a few in, while
leaving hundreds of others queued.

He managed to grab a phone just before 10am.

"It was a long nine hours but nine hours well served," he said.

But not everyone was so lucky. A group of fans who arrived at 4am were still
waiting at the end of the queue in the shopping centre by 9am on the
long-anticipated day of the launch, while many more were still stuck outside.
Student Jamal Khan, 18, from Stockton said: "We came here at four in the morning
and we're at the back of the line waiting for the phone. It's a bit upsetting."

THE NEXT GENERATION JUST a year after Apple launched the iPhone 5S and 5C, the
tech company have released the hotly-awaited sixth generation of the handsets.

Apple have promised the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be "bigger than bigger" and the
best iPhone yet.

The Plus model is wider, taller and heavier than its younger sibling. Both
promise a new operating system, iOS 8, 4G and longer battery life than their
predecessors. Users can look forward to 14 hours of 3G calling time for 6, while
the Plus boasts a huge 24 hours of talk time.

But the most exciting feature is a new integrated health app which works with an
in-built barometer and accelerometer to measure how many steps you take in a
day.

The phones can be linked up with the hotly anticipated iWatch - released next
year.

The cameras on the new models are the same as the 5S, at eight mega pixels, and
have the previous model's Touch ID Sensor, which allows owners to unlock their
phones in less than a second using just their fingerprint.

But the prices of the phones are eye-watering - even for Apple's standards.

The Plus will set you back £619 for the 16GB model, while the 128GB comes in at
a staggering £789.

The 6 may be slightly better value for money, at £539 for 16GB and £699 for the
128 GB model.

Above, ¦customers queue at Eldon Square while James Bunting and Gary Hann
managed to get a phone SIMON GREENER

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEC


               Copyright 2014 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            July 22, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Shares sink despite strong iPhone sales;
Doubt continues to mount about future of Apple Watch

BYLINE: Jon Swartz, @jswartz, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 379 words


iPhone sales may be up, but Apple stock is decidedly down after it reported
fiscal third-quarter results that included a tepid financial outlook.

Sales of the phone, especially the 6 and 6-Plus models, propelled another
blowout quarter for Apple, allowing it to post a 33% jump in revenue, to
$49.6billion, and profits ($1.85 per share) that surpassed analyst estimates by
4 cents.

But the quarterly forecast contained a sales view that didn't wow investors.
Shares dove more than 6% in after-hours trading, to $122.11 per share. Apple
reported after the markets closed. Apple expects revenue of $49billion to $51
billion in its current quarter, shy of the $51.1billion expected by analysts
polled by Thomson Financial.

"To a degree, there are unrealistic expectations from the outside," Gartner
analyst Van Baker says. "It is increasingly difficult for Apple to surprise,"
which could lead to similar problems for the company in coming quarters, Baker
says.

iPhone led the way, again, with shipments of 47.5 million units -- some analysts
had projected 48 million to 50million.

While there is little doubt about the strength of iPhone, the mystery remains
over Apple Watch. Again, Apple  did not disclose shipments of Apple Watch,
raising a red flag among some analysts that the device is not selling as well as
Apple hoped. Analyst Toni Sacconaghi Jr., like others, estimates Apple shipped 3
million watches.

The quarter underscored dueling narratives: The astonishing strength of iPhone 6
and 6-Plus sales and mounting doubt over the long-term sales cred of Apple
Watch. This has led some industry experts to ponder if Apple is becoming a
one-trick pony for products. iPhone has loomed large over the Cupertino,
Calif.-based company: 70% of Apple's sales last quarter came from the device,
and that is likely to continue as iPhone users upgrade to the 6 and 6-Plus
models.

There also appears to be a healthy number of "switchers" from other platforms to
iPhone, as well as vibrant sales in China and other growing markets.

The larger-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have cut into iPad sales while many
consumers have shied away from Apple Watch since it largely duplicates the
functions of the iPhone. Sales of iPads fell for a fourth consecutive quarter,
down 18% to 10.9 million.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo DALE DE LA REY, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

About Those Wireless Headphones, and Other Apple Accessories

BYLINE: By J. D. BIERSDORFER and BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH TIP; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1840 words


After Apple unveiled new iPhones and smartwatches last week, we asked readers to
send us their questions about the devices. J. D. Biersdorfer and Brian X. Chen
answer the queries.

Q. How much is the new iPhone going to cost? Do the wireless headphones come
with the phone or is a separate payment needed? What colors do they come in
again? -- Stephanie

J. D.: Here is the breakdown for the iPhone 7, without carrier subsidies or
trade-up deals factored in:

â-  The 32-gigabyte model: $650.

â-  The 128-gigabyte model: $750.

â-  The 256-gigabyte model (the one with the largest capacity): $850.

For the larger iPhone 7 Plus:

â-  The 32-gigabyte model: $770.

â-  The 128-gigabyte model: $870.

â-  The 256-gigabyte model: $970.

Apple and most wireless carriers offer monthly payment plans to carve up the
cost into smaller cash chunks. Wired earbuds are included in the box, but the
wireless AirPods are not part of the package and will cost an additional $160
when they arrive in late October.

As for colors, you have your choice of silver, gold, pink (''rose gold'') or
flat black for all models. A new glossy ebony shade called ''jet black'' is also
available for both iPhone 7 models in the 128- and 256-gigabyte capacities, but
Footnote No. 1 on Apple's product specifications page warns that the color's
''high shine may show fine microabrasions with use.'' It suggests getting a case
to protect it -- which may defeat the purpose of getting the stylish new color
unless you like scratches or clear plastic phone cases.

I have an iPhone 6 I purchased in November 2014 with a warranty, which expires
in November 2016. Is it worth it for me to purchase an iPhone 7? -- Jack
Bertolino

Brian: Based on speed alone, it is probably worthwhile to upgrade if you
currently own an iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 is significantly faster than the iPhone
6. In speed tests conducted with the app Geekbench 4, the iPhone 7 was 114
percent faster than the iPhone 6.

Other than that, the iPhone 7 camera is significantly better than the one on the
iPhone 6. And when you consider the benefits of the iPhone 7's being water-and
dust-resistant, over all this is a meaningful upgrade if you own an iPhone that
is at least two years old.

What is the weight difference for the new phones compared to past models? --
Burt Herman

J. D.: For the iPhone models with the 4.7-inch screen size, Apple's
specifications state the iPhone 6 from two years ago tipped the scales at 4.55
ounces and last year's iPhone 6s came in at 5.04 ounces -- but the iPhone 7 dips
back down to 4.87 ounces. In the 5.5-inch screen category, the larger iPhone 6
Plus model has a listed weight of 6.07 ounces and the iPhone 6s Plus is 6.77
ounces, but the iPhone 7 Plus edges down to 6.63 ounces. In comparison, the
lightest model currently for sale is the iPhone SE, which was released earlier
this year. The iPhone SE, with a smaller four-inch screen, is a comparatively
svelte 3.99 ounces.

Can other brands of wireless headphones be used with the new 7? Or are you
limited to the Apple headphones because of a new type of chip in the device? --
Mark Singleton

Brian:  The iPhone 7 supports the open Bluetooth standard, so third-party
wireless headphones will be compatible with it. The proprietary chip you are
referring to, called W1, is inside the AirPods, Apple's new wireless earbuds.
The AirPods will work fully only with Apple devices. While non-Apple Bluetooth
devices can connect with the AirPods for audio, they would not be able to take
advantage of the AirPods' special auto-pairing feature or Siri.

How does the iPhone 7 camera differ from the ones on the iPhone 6 and 6s? -- Pat
Well

J. D.: Far from the measly fixed-focus, two-megapixel camera in 2007's original
iPhone, the iPhone 6 line of 2014 had an eight-megapixel camera with a
five-element lens, f/2.2 aperture, a True Tone Flash, face detection and other
advanced features; the larger 6 Plus also provided optical image stabilization.
The iPhone 6s series bumped up the camera resolution to 12 megapixels and added
the animated Live Photos feature and 4K video support -- but kept the
five-element lens and f/2.2 aperture, while optical image stabilization stayed
exclusive to the Plus-size version.

However, the iPhone 7 provides optical image stabilization in both the regular
and supersize models, and upgrades the hardware to a six-element lens for more
colorful photos with greater image detail. The lens also has a larger aperture
of f/1.8 and this year's iPhones have a flash that is 50 percent brighter than
the one on last year's models.

Devotion to serious smartphone photography is where the iPhone 7 line diverges,
as the bigger iPhone 7 Plus adds a second camera on the back -- a 12-megapixel
telephoto unit with a f/2.8 aperture, as well as optical and digital zoom. To
get professional-quality portraits, the 7 Plus uses the two cameras together to
show the picture's main subject in sharp focus while gently blurring the
background.

For those concerned with the selfie quality in their Instagram feeds, the
resolution on the front FaceTime camera has taken a huge leap since the
1.2-megapixel version on the iPhone 6, and even the five-megapixel front camera
on last year's iPhone 6s. The iPhone 7 now tops the line with a seven-megapixel
camera staring you in the face.

When you are in an app and you accidentally touch the iPhone's new home button,
as it is touch-sensitive now, will the app close out? -- Amanda

Brian: No, the app will not close out. The virtual home button is not just
touch-sensitive; it is force-sensitive, meaning it can detect how hard you
press. In other words, you have to press down on the button to return to the
home screen; when you do, the home button will vibrate in response.

How do you charge the new AirPods? -- John Steel

J. D.: The new wireless earbuds will come with a special portable case that both
stores and charges the headphones; numerous people have already described it as
looking like a large dental floss dispenser. The AirPods themselves are supposed
to get about five hours of use per full charge -- or a minimum of three charging
sessions to get through all four operas in Richard Wagner's epic ''Ring" cycle.

When the juice runs out, you put the AirPods in the little white charging case
to power up again. Apple estimates 15 minutes in the case should get the AirPods
about three hours of listening time or at least an hour of talk time, as the
earbuds also include microphones for phone calls or Siri commands. The special
charging case needs its own power refill after about 24 hours of listening time.
So before long trips, remember to charge the charging case as you charge the
AirPods so the music doesn't die while you are in transit.

Can the AirPods be used with older phones? -- Curtis Bale

Brian: Older iPhones capable of running the new operating system, iOS 10, will
be compatible with the AirPods. Apple's website says that iPhones all the way
back to the four-year-old iPhone 5 can run iOS 10.

When you say Apple will include an adapter in the box -- is that for old
headphones? I have very expensive headphones so I'm not just looking for earbud
replacements. -- Margaret Smyth

J. D.: Yes, each new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus includes an Apple ''Lightning to
3.5-millimeter headphone jack adapter'' in the box. This slender adapter allows
you to connect any set of headphones with the standard 3.5-millimeter plug to
the jack in the new iPhone 7. If you lose the adapter, it breaks, or you have
multiple sets of headphones in rotation, you can buy additional audio dongles on
Apple's site for $9 each. Non-Apple versions of the adapter will pop up as well.

When will the iPhone 7 be available unlocked? -- Reid

Brian: You can already order an iPhone 7 unlocked from Apple's online store.
However, Apple's webpage makes buying an unlocked phone confusing. On the iPhone
7 order page, select the model you want and select a carrier. Then choose a
color and storage capacity, and finally, scroll down and select the ''Pay in
full'' option to buy an unlocked iPhone.

Is the iPhone 7 the same size as the iPhone 6? Basically, will my case for the
iPhone 6 fit onto the iPhone 7? -- Emma Millen

J. D.: It depends on the type of case you have. While 2014's iPhone 6 and 2016's
iPhone 7 are the same width and length, the new model (and last year's iPhone
6s) is 0.01 inches thicker than the iPhone 6 -- 0.27 inches versus 0.28 inches
deep, to be specific. So loosefitting portfolio/wallet/belt-clip cases or
generic bumpers may still work depending on the individual design, but if you
have a sleek form-fitting case with precise notches carved out for ports and
components, you will probably need to go shopping. That's because the upgraded
camera system on the back of the iPhone 7 is bigger and needs a larger piece cut
away than what is provided by many cases specifically designed for the iPhone 6/
6s line.

Additionally, if you plan to use the iPhone 7's new second speaker along the
bottom edge -- and do not have a case that provides a gap for it -- things may
sound a little muffled.

I just purchased an Apple Watch within the past two weeks. Since they are
selling the older version of the watch, called Series 1, with an upgraded
processor, is there any chance Apple will replace the processors on recently
purchased watches? -- Randy Eichen

Brian: Probably not. For Apple, upgrading the older Apple Watch with a new chip
was not as simple as sticking a faster chip inside it -- it required
re-engineering parts of the watch to support the new chip. If you have buyer's
remorse and would like the Apple Watch Series 1 with the faster processor, your
best bet is to go to an Apple Store and ask for an exchange.

Apple's return policy gives you 14 days to return an item for a refund or
exchange. Even if you have passed that deadline, there is a good chance that if
you beg politely, a store representative will make an exception, given the
circumstances.

Will there be a splitter available to allow recharging and listening through the
headphone jack at the same time? -- Meridee

J. D.: Yes, optional accessories are coming to the rescue for those who want to
simultaneously charge the phone's battery while using a pair of wired
headphones.

Early products include Belkin's $40 Lighting Audio and Charge RockStar adapter
and Apple's own $49 iPhone Lightning Dock. Expect other products as well.
Belkin's glossy white accessory basically turns one Lightning port into two.
Apple's latest device dock cradles the phone as it sits atop a Lightning
connector for charging or syncing to a computer; the dock is available in five
colors and compatible with all previous Lightning port-equipped iPhone models.
The back of the dock provides a 3.5-millimeter audio jack to plug in a pair of
headphones -- including the new Lightning headphones with the free adapter that
comes with the new iPhone 7 family.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/15/technology/personaltech/iphone
-7-apple-watch-faq.html

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple's chief operating officer, Jeff Williams, discussing the
Apple Watch Series 2 last week. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BECK DIEFENBACH/REUTERS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple launches larger, thinner iPhones

LENGTH: 370  words


Apple on Tuesday morning launched the much awaited new models of iPhones  the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus.

The new 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is only 6.9mm thick, with the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus
slightly thicker at 7.1mm. Both are thinner than the lastiPhone, the 5S which
measured 7.6mm thick.

Apart from the significant reduction in heft and the obvious choice in terms of
screen size and the curved corners, theCupertino company has invested in changes
under the hood.

oth new phones are powered by Apple-designed A8 chip, which offers up to 25%
faster processing power and up to 50% faster graphics.Apple claims that
theiPhone 6 is also up to 50% more energy efficient.

The motion coprocessor, which was introduced in the iPhone 5S model, also gets
an upgrade. The new phones have the M8 coprocessor, which continuously measures
motion data from the phones accelerometer, gyroscope, and compass. In addition,
the iPhone 6 has a barometer that senses air pressure in order to measure
relative elevation.

The company claims that the new phone will sportWi-Fi speeds up to three times
faster than last year's iPhone due to the 802.11acwireless networking standard.

Camera

One of the draws for iPhones has been its camera. The new modesl sport a
new8-megapixel, 2.2-aperture camera which only slightly improves on the iPhone
5S. What it lacks in terms of raw hardware, the company claims it will be making
up for in software improvements which will help the user take better
pictures.Panoramas, for example, can now be up to 43 megapixels.

While theiPhone 6 features digital' image stabilisation, the 6 Plus has optical
image stabilisation, a plus for all iPhone-graphers. In the burst mode, the
iPhone cantake up to 10 photos per second.

The new camera can also manage video at 1080p at either 30 or 60 frames per
second, while slow-motion video can be shot at either 120 or 240 frames per
second.

Needless to say, both new iPhones come with the new iOS 8 operating system.

Apple Watch

The list of goodies does not stop at the two new flagship devices. Apple has
finally launched its competitor to Samsung's Gear smartwatch.

The one inch watch will feature sapphire glass and will have a taptic engine for
notifications and a Siri' version.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Magid: Apple's new iPhone could be iPad killer

BYLINE: By Larry Magid for the Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Columnists; Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 865 words


Samsung, Amazon, Google, Microsoft and numerous other companies have introduced
tablets to compete with Apple's iPad, but last week someone finally introduced
what could be the iPad killer.

That someone was Apple with its new iPhone 6 Plus. The phone's 5.5-inch screen
has a bit less screen real estate than the 7.9-inch iPad mini or 7-inch Android
tablets from Samsung and others, but unlike those tablets, the iPhone fits into
most pockets and, because its your phone, you're likely to have it with you
almost everywhere you go.

I don't yet have one of the new iPhones, but I do have a Samsung Galaxy S5,
which is a half-inch (diagonally) smaller than the 6 Plus and even that does a
pretty good job replacing a tablet. I do own an iPad mini, a full-sized iPad and
a couple of Android tablets, but I rarely use them since when I'm home or in a
hotel room I usually have my laptop handy and when I'm out and about, I always
have the phone and rarely bother to carry a tablet.

Given a choice, I'd prefer to read a book using the Kindle app on a tablet, but
I find myself doing most of my reading on my phone, simply because I always have
it with me. The convenience of having an entire library in my pocket outweighs
the minor annoyance of having to advance from page to page more often than if I
were reading on a larger screen. Admittedly, a tablet's on-screen keyboard is
bigger and better than a phone's, but -- given a choice -- I always opt for a
laptop or attach a physical keyboard. And while a phone is far from the ideal
platform to watch video, it's certainly possible. My daughter brings her 4-inch
screen iPhone with her to the gym on most days and is content watching Hulu on
its small screen to stave off boredom while she works out on the elliptical
machine.

While the 6 Plus is big as phones go, it's not the biggest on the market.
Samsung's Galaxy Note 3 and 4 are 5.7 inches and there are several Chinese
Android phones with 6 and even 7-inch displays.

OnePlus One oneplus.net ) is starting to develop a following because it offers
an unlocked large-screen (also 5.5 inches) phone for the same or less than
locked phones from Apple and Samsung. It has the same (1080 by 1920) resolution
as the new iPhone 6 Plus and also has an 8-megapixel camera with autofocus and
image stabilization, though -- regardless of resolution -- it's hard to beat
Apple's excellent cameras. It's not quite as thin as the 6 Plus (0.28 inches vs.
0.35 inches), but it's actually slightly lighter (5.71 ounces vs. 6.07). The
OnePlus One (unlocked) starts at $299 for 16GB and $349 for 64GB compared to
$300 for a locked 16 GB 6 Plus on a contract ($749 unlocked) and $400 for locked
64 GB model ($849 unlocked).

While much of the excitement at last Tuesday's Apple announcement focused on the
phones and the new Apple Watch, I was much more interested that Apple is now
including NFC ( near-field communication) on its new phones and is launching its
own Apple Pay payment service with support from Visa, MasterCard and American
Express and a large and impressive roster of brick-and-mortar and online
merchants including McDonald's, Subway, Whole Foods, Walgreens, Macy's and
Target.com .

McDonald's will even accept Apple Pay at its drive-through windows and if you
don't want to drive yourself, Uber will charge your ride to Apple Pay from
within its own app. Some worry about Apple's security, especially after those
nude celebrity photos were lifted from iCloud (due to passwords being
compromised, not a hack on Apple's servers), but Apple Pay and other reputable
mobile payment services are a lot more secure than credit or debit cards,
especially in the U.S. where most cards still don't have chips and don't yet
require a PIN (personal identification number), which means they can be cloned
or easily used if lost or stolen.

Apple Pay assigns a unique Device Account Number that's stored on a dedicated
chip in the iPhone. (Apple says "numbers are never stored on Apple servers") and
if you lose your phone you can disable payments from Apple's Find My iPhone
webpage.

Just as Apple's iPod wasn't the first digital music player, its iPhone is not
the first smartphone or the iPad is not the first tablet, Apple Pay isn't the
first mobile payment service. Google beat Apple to that market with Google
Wallet and Softcard (which recently changed its name from Isis for obvious
reasons) was launched last year with the support of AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon
Wireless.

Neither Google Wallet nor Softcard have seen widespread adoption but,
ironically, Apple's entry into this field could help them by popularizing mobile
payments.

And because all three companies use the same NFC technology, together they will
encourage more merchants to employ NFC point-of-sale systems to accept payments
from any NFC-equipped phone.

If Apple can develop an ecosystem for mobile payments like it did for digital
music, it could be music to the ears of the entire digital payment industry by
legitimizing and popularizing a technology that, eventually, could make debit
and credit cards go the way of CDs.

Contact Larry Magid at larry@larrymagid.com Listen for his technology chats on
KCBS-AM (740) weekdays at 3:50 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: A member of the media inspects the new
iPhone 6 during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing
Arts on September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the Apple
Watch wearable tech and two new iPhones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo
by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The iPhone 6, at left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a
new product release on Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP
Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Apple iPhone 6 Sets Pre-Sale Record Despite Online Ordering Snags

BYLINE: Natalie Jarvey

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 235  words


Apple says that it has processed a record number of pre-orders for the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plussince the new devices went on sale just after midnight on
Friday.

A representative for the Cupertino tech giant told Recodethat the "response to
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible with a record number of preorders
overnight." The company has not announced how many units it has sold of the new
device. The last time it announced pre-order sales was in 2012 when the iPhone 5
topped more than 2 million orders in its first 24 hours.

Strong pre-sales does not necessarily indicate the the iPhone 6 will surpass
previous phone sales, but it's a good sign that the new model is on its way to
becoming a hit. And the demand is notable. The larger iPhone 6 Plus model
appears to be sold out, with the Apple Store and all major carriers reporting
shipping delays.

That demand has caused some problems for customers itching to get their hands on
the new devices. The Apple Store website was down for many customers, and it
wasn't necessarily easier to purchase the phone through the major carriers.
Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and AT&T all experienced outages or delays
during the early hours of the morning.

The iPhone 6 goes on sale Sept. 19 in more than 100 countries, starting at $199
with a two-year carrier contract. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299.

Email: Natalie.Jarvey@THR.comTwitter: @NatJarv

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple's 'bendgate' and software glitches knocked it down, but it will get up
again: Despite internet chatter, sales of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus dwarf reported
problems

BYLINE: Charles Arthur

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 991 words


Tim Cook's smiling face was splashed on the cover of Bloomberg's Businessweek
magazine on Monday. Inside, Apple's chief executive enthused about the launch
this month of new, bigger iPhones and the iWatch. One suspects, however, that
his grin had disappeared by the end of this week.

First, reports surfaced on social media suggesting that the thinner iPhone 6 and
the slightly larger iPhone 6 Plus could be bent in trouser pockets. Actual
numbers of people affected by, for instance, inadvertently sitting on their
mobiles were not forthcoming. But the discussion spread worldwide, amplified by
a video in which one blogger managed to bend the large iPhone 6 Plus, apparently
using only his hands. "Bendgate" became an internet meme, even meriting
discussion on BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

To add to its hardware hassles, Apple then created a hassle of its own on
Wednesday when it issued a minor software update for its iPhones and iPads to
tidy up after the release on 17 September of its annual major iOS update.

However, the 8.0.1 revisions killed mobile connectivity and the
fingerprint-operated unlocking system on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Other devices
were unaffected, but Apple apologised for the "great inconvenience" and released
8.0.2 yesterday to fix the problems. It said only 40,000 owners had been
affected.

By midweek, Apple seemed to be spiralling into a publicity black hole. It was
reminiscent of the furore that followed the September 2012 launch of its Maps
product, which had substandard coverage of many parts of the world; or the
release in 2010 of the iPhone 4, which lost connectivity if you held it
left-handed, blocking its external antenna. With the latter, Steve Jobs, the
Apple co-founder, cut short his holiday to hold a press conference. He insisted
the problems were overblown, but offered iPhone 4 owners a free protective case
to reduce the problem.

Cook's Apple is a different beast from Jobs', though. With Maps, Cook penned an
apology and fired the executives responsible. This time round, Apple has
apologised for the software update but has hit back at claims that the phones
could be bent by normal use. It said that just nine people had complained about
their phones bending. It was not clear what those owners had done, but the
industrial aluminium alloy used to make the devices is one of the strongest
available, from a formula also used in bridges and cranes.

The iPhone 6 Plus, dubbed a "phablet" because it is a hybrid of the tablet and
the smartphone with its 5.5 inch screen, might bend if you sit with it in a
front or back pocket. However, as Apple showed journalists at the testing
facility near its Cupertino headquarters this week, it is tested for precisely
that scenario - and worse. "It's extremely rare (for bending) to happen in real
world use," Phil Schiller, Apple's head of marketing, said.

The nine complaints are dwarfed by the 10m iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones sold in
their first three days on sale in just 10 countries. The question remains,
however, whether this week's welter of bad news will damage Apple. So far, the
financial community doubts there will be a long-term impact. No analyst is
downgrading estimates of how many handsets Apple will sell after this week.
Having sold 51m phones in the 2013 Christmas quarter, some think the figure
could hit 60m for the final quarter of 2014, with the 6 Plus doing particularly
well in China.

"Like any new consumer technology product, the iPhones and software therein come
with issues that are revealed in the days following a release," said Kevin
Restivo, of research company IDC. "Like the iPhone 4 antenna issues that
affected few users, the iOS 8 update and bending phone problem will soon be
forgotten."

In fact, Restivo added, "when competitors pounce on Apple for minor though
pertinent issues, it only serves to reinforce the iPhone maker's leadership
position."

Francisco Jeronimo, IDC's smartphone analyst, chimed in: "This is particularly
true when the device sets record sales. All devices have problems. Some are more
exposed due to their volumes."

Indeed, Apple is not the only company that has had problems with its phones, nor
even with its phones bending in use. Sony and Samsung have experienced the
latter. But because Apple chooses to attract as much attention to its device
launches as possible, and because those devices sell in large numbers, they are
the object of focused attention - by users, rivals and those who dislike Apple.

Under that microscope, any flaw becomes a reason that this time, finally, Apple
will fail. In 2010, it was the antenna; in 2012, the Maps software; in 2013,
claims the new TouchID system could be "spoofed" by laser-printing your
fingerprint on to a transparency film. Yet none has stopped it selling more and
more handsets, and grabbing more share of the mobile phone market's sales.

As Ross Rubin of Reticle Research told the Associated Press, the iPhone 6 Plus
is "a large, thin device. That's not to say customers should treat it gingerly,
but it's still an electronic product and it's an investment, and it should be
treated as such."

Apple's stock fell sharply on Thursday from a high of $102.87, just short of its
all-time high of $103.30, to begin trading just below $100 early yesterday.
However, analysts still expect Apple to perform strongly.

"Earnings is what drives the stock the most," said Walter Piecyk of US-based
financial researcher BTIG.

"It's too early to say what the impact's going to be (of the hardware and
software problems), but it does not appear to be something that would impact the
company's ability to deliver on earnings."

Cook might be smiling again when Apple announces its quarterly results next
month. But this week has been a reminder that Apple's position is not
unassailable.

Captions:

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on sale in Tokyo. Some analysts think Apple
will sell 60m phones in the final quarter of 2014 Photograph: Yoshikazu
Tsuno/AFP/Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple's 'bendgate' and software glitches knocked it down, but it will get up
again: Despite internet chatter, sales of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus dwarf reported
problems

BYLINE: Charles Arthur

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 991 words


Tim Cook's smiling face was splashed on the cover of Bloomberg's Businessweek
magazine on Monday. Inside, Apple's chief executive enthused about the launch
this month of new, bigger iPhones and the iWatch. One suspects, however, that
his grin had disappeared by the end of this week.

First, reports surfaced on social media suggesting that the thinner iPhone 6 and
the slightly larger iPhone 6 Plus could be bent in trouser pockets. Actual
numbers of people affected by, for instance, inadvertently sitting on their
mobiles were not forthcoming. But the discussion spread worldwide, amplified by
a video in which one blogger managed to bend the large iPhone 6 Plus, apparently
using only his hands. "Bendgate" became an internet meme, even meriting
discussion on BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

To add to its hardware hassles, Apple then created a hassle of its own on
Wednesday when it issued a minor software update for its iPhones and iPads to
tidy up after the release on 17 September of its annual major iOS update.

However, the 8.0.1 revisions killed mobile connectivity and the
fingerprint-operated unlocking system on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Other devices
were unaffected, but Apple apologised for the "great inconvenience" and released
8.0.2 yesterday to fix the problems. It said only 40,000 owners had been
affected.

By midweek, Apple seemed to be spiralling into a publicity black hole. It was
reminiscent of the furore that followed the September 2012 launch of its Maps
product, which had substandard coverage of many parts of the world; or the
release in 2010 of the iPhone 4, which lost connectivity if you held it
left-handed, blocking its external antenna. With the latter, Steve Jobs, the
Apple co-founder, cut short his holiday to hold a press conference. He insisted
the problems were overblown, but offered iPhone 4 owners a free protective case
to reduce the problem.

Cook's Apple is a different beast from Jobs', though. With Maps, Cook penned an
apology and fired the executives responsible. This time round, Apple has
apologised for the software update but has hit back at claims that the phones
could be bent by normal use. It said that just nine people had complained about
their phones bending. It was not clear what those owners had done, but the
industrial aluminium alloy used to make the devices is one of the strongest
available, from a formula also used in bridges and cranes.

The iPhone 6 Plus, dubbed a "phablet" because it is a hybrid of the tablet and
the smartphone with its 5.5 inch screen, might bend if you sit with it in a
front or back pocket. However, as Apple showed journalists at the testing
facility near its Cupertino headquarters this week, it is tested for precisely
that scenario - and worse. "It's extremely rare (for bending) to happen in real
world use," Phil Schiller, Apple's head of marketing, said.

The nine complaints are dwarfed by the 10m iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones sold in
their first three days on sale in just 10 countries. The question remains,
however, whether this week's welter of bad news will damage Apple. So far, the
financial community doubts there will be a long-term impact. No analyst is
downgrading estimates of how many handsets Apple will sell after this week.
Having sold 51m phones in the 2013 Christmas quarter, some think the figure
could hit 60m for the final quarter of 2014, with the 6 Plus doing particularly
well in China.

"Like any new consumer technology product, the iPhones and software therein come
with issues that are revealed in the days following a release," said Kevin
Restivo, of research company IDC. "Like the iPhone 4 antenna issues that
affected few users, the iOS 8 update and bending phone problem will soon be
forgotten."

In fact, Restivo added, "when competitors pounce on Apple for minor though
pertinent issues, it only serves to reinforce the iPhone maker's leadership
position."

Francisco Jeronimo, IDC's smartphone analyst, chimed in: "This is particularly
true when the device sets record sales. All devices have problems. Some are more
exposed due to their volumes."

Indeed, Apple is not the only company that has had problems with its phones, nor
even with its phones bending in use. Sony and Samsung have experienced the
latter. But because Apple chooses to attract as much attention to its device
launches as possible, and because those devices sell in large numbers, they are
the object of focused attention - by users, rivals and those who dislike Apple.

Under that microscope, any flaw becomes a reason that this time, finally, Apple
will fail. In 2010, it was the antenna; in 2012, the Maps software; in 2013,
claims the new TouchID system could be "spoofed" by laser-printing your
fingerprint on to a transparency film. Yet none has stopped it selling more and
more handsets, and grabbing more share of the mobile phone market's sales.

As Ross Rubin of Reticle Research told the Associated Press, the iPhone 6 Plus
is "a large, thin device. That's not to say customers should treat it gingerly,
but it's still an electronic product and it's an investment, and it should be
treated as such."

Apple's stock fell sharply on Thursday from a high of $102.87, just short of its
all-time high of $103.30, to begin trading just below $100 early yesterday.
However, analysts still expect Apple to perform strongly.

"Earnings is what drives the stock the most," said Walter Piecyk of US-based
financial researcher BTIG.

"It's too early to say what the impact's going to be (of the hardware and
software problems), but it does not appear to be something that would impact the
company's ability to deliver on earnings."

Cook might be smiling again when Apple announces its quarterly results next
month. But this week has been a reminder that Apple's position is not
unassailable.

Captions:

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on sale in Tokyo. Some analysts think Apple
will sell 60m phones in the final quarter of 2014 Photograph: Yoshikazu
Tsuno/AFP/Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

MasterCard makes cardholders' payment easy with mobiles

LENGTH: 318 words


ARAB NEWS

Paying with mobile devices is about to become even more Priceless. Apple has
unveiled Apple Pay that will enable MasterCard cardholders to use their iPhone
6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch for everyday purchases.


MasterCard built the foundation for secure mobile transactions, so consumers can
use their cards when, where and how they want.
MasterCard worked with Apple to deliver a seamless and secure payment
experience. For consumers and merchants alike, every purchase made with a
MasterCard using iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch will offer the
security, benefits and guarantees of any MasterCard transaction.
Apple Pay transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure, and private way to
make purchases. By integrating Apple hardware, software and services, Apple Pay
creates a "unique and incredibly intuitive" experience for iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus and Apple Watch users. Owners of the new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple
Watch will be able to use their MasterCard credit or debit cards from
participating banks directly through Apple Pay.
At a store, consumers can simply pay by just holding their iPhone near a
contactless reader with their finger on Touch ID and their transaction will be
authenticated. For purchases within an app, consumers will simply touch to pay
and authenticate with their fingerprint or passcode for a seamless experience
without having to enter their card number or leave the app.
"Apple has a long tradition of introducing breakthrough products with features
that really matter to people. Apple Pay, combined with MasterCard's payments
technology, gives consumers an easy, secure and private way to shop," said Ed
McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer, MasterCard.
Apple Pay will be made available for US consumers via a free update to iOS 8 in
October. MasterCard cardholders will be able to make simple and secure payments
in the apps of top merchants.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2014 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Celcom Axiata to offer iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus next month

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 167 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Celcom Axiata Bhd will be offering iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to
its customers beginning November 6.

Celcom will be one of the first telecommunications providers in Malaysia to
announce the devices' arrival, it said yesterday.

iPhone 6 features an A8 chip built on second-generation 64-bit desktop-class
architecture, which provides better performance and battery life.

It will come in three colours - space grey, gold and silver - at 16GB, 64GB and
128GB in capacity variants. It also boasts a 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD
display.

Aside from Celcom, Maxis Bhd and DiGi.Com will also be bringing in the
smartphones, packaged with Internet value plans.

iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus debuted on September 19 in the United States, the
United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto
Rico and Singapore.

During their first-weekend launch, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus sales hit a
combined 10 million units, Apple Inc chief executive officer Tim Cook had said.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple launches iPhone 6S, 6S Plus with 3D Touch

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 866 words


NEW DELHI: Eight years after changing the way we use mobile phones with the
first iPhone, Apple has once again heralded a big change in world's best-selling
gadget iPhone.

The new iPhones, named iPhone 6S and 6S, are not lighter, thinner or bigger
anymore. They instead feature a new display technology called 3D Touch, a
derivative of the Force Touch technology used in Apple Watch.

According to Apple, 3D Touch will be able to differentiate between types of
touches and taps in preloaded apps as well as on the homescreen. This new
technology adds new functionalities to iPhones; for example, applying a little
extra pressure on the screen may preview a photo in one app and open a file in
another.

3D Touch will deliver information like time taken in the journey in the Maps app
with a force-touch, while a light tap would only bring up the directions. This
display technology would also make it easier to navigate through apps; for
example, you will be able to see all active apps with a long-press at the edge
of the screen.

The screen size and resolution of the two models will, however, remain the same
as that of their predecessors: 4.7-inch HD screen for iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch
Full HD screen for iPhone 6S Plus.

Another addition that will distinguish iPhone 6S and 6S Plus from other models
is rose gold colour option; the two iPhones, however, will also be available in
space gray, silver and gold hues. The new iPhones are made of tough aircraft
grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge.

Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70% faster at carrying out
processes than the one seen in last year's iPhones. Similarly, the graphics
processing will be 90% aided by a new graphics processor.

One of the biggest upgrades to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus is in the cameras.
After being stuck with an 8MP sensor since iPhone 4S, the new iPhones get 12MP
cameras which can take panorama pictures going up to 63MP. The rear camera has
also got 4K recording to capture high-resolution videos, a feature that has been
available on iPhones since last year.

However, other than the 3D Touch and perked up camera features, the new iPhones
may disappoint many users who have come to expect a major makeover from the
company each year. In that sense, the likely contender would always be the
iPhone launched every alternate years: so a completely new iPhone 7 next year
could be that phone.

Apple did disappoint fans by not announcing any major boosts to the battery life
of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. Considering that iPhone's battery life in general is
not anything to write home about, the buyers may have concerns due to new
powerful cameras and display.

The company's website does mention though that the two smartphones will deliver
the same battery life as their respective predecessors. Besides, iOS 9 includes
major battery tweaks that may help the users.

Apple said the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will cost the same as their predecessors;
iPhone 6S' 16, 64 and 128GB variants will cost $199, $299 and $399 on contract,
while the iPhone 6S Plus' three variants have been priced at $299, $399 and $499
respectively.

iPhone 5S has become the new entry-level model and will be available free on
contract in the US, whereas iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (16GB variants only) will cost
$99 and $199, respectively.

The unlocked iPhone 6S Plus will cost $649, $749 and $849 for the 16, 32, and
64GB variants. Similarly, iPhone 6S Plus unlocked will cost $749, $849 and $949
for the three storage options.

The new iPhones will be up for pre-orders starting September 12 in the US, the
UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. The two
smartphones will go on sale on September 25. Both are expected to make to Indian
shores in time for Diwali festive season.

Apple also announced a new purchase programme named iPhone Upgrade. Subscribers
of this programme will be entitled to the new, unlocked iPhone every year with
Apple Care at $32 per month. It will be rolled out in the US first.

iOS 9, the latest version of the software that powers iPhones and iPads, will be
available for download for older Apple smartphones and tablets from September
16. The company also announced an app to make it easier for Android users to
switch to iPhones, similar to apps offered by Android smartphone makers on
Apple's App Store.

Apple has also announced that iCloud will now be cheaper, priced at 99 cents per
month for for 50GB of cloud storage. For 200GB and 1TB of cloud storage, users
will have to shell out $2.99 and $9.99, respectively.

Apple also launched its new, fully-loaded, besides the iPad mini 4; awith its
own tvOS and integrated with Siri for search and command; and a.

Apple admirers will be happy that Apple has finally unveiled what should be its
most serious shot at the enterprise mobility segment.

iPad Pro, which was in the rumour mills for over 18 months, will be available in
November. The new iPad Pro has a 12.9 inch screen with whopping 5.6 million
pixels and is powered by the new A9X chip from Apple which promises 1.8 times
performance that of the existing second-generation 64-bit A8X chip that runs
iPad Air 2, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       October 3, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 starts selling in India unofficially, 16GB model priced at above
INR 56K

LENGTH: 271  words


Apple is yet to find a date to launch its latest Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus in
India, but that does not stops sellers from selling the device. The handset has
been spotted at multiple online stores today at price points above INR 56K.

[NOTE: Apple is yet to make an official announcement on availability of iPhone 6
and 6 Plus in India. Prices will be announced at the time of this announcement.
DailyBhaksar.com  advises you to wait for Apple to make these available at
authorized Apple resellers and retail stores and does not recommend you to buy
the handset today.]

At ShopClues the 16 GB model is priced at INR 59,999. The store gives a shipping
date when you enter the pin number. But it does mention "actual delivery time
may vary based on product availability with the selling merchant, shipping
address, and courier or any other delivery issues." Check here.

On eBay the handset was spotted before the launch in September. Today you can
find multiple posts on eBay where sellers are selling iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at
varying price points.  The 16 GB iPhone 6 4.7 inch is available at INR 56K, 64
GB is available at INR 67,400. The iPhone 6 Plus 64GB is at INR 92,250 and
128GB is available at INR 96,000. We have mentioned prices of only a few sellers
here, but you could find a dozen on listings on the eBay webpage. Check here.

Spice Mobile retail Saholic and Infibeam has listed the handset as coming soon.

At snapdeal too we spotted the new iPhone 6 16 GB variant at INR 63, 999.

On Rediff shopping there were three sellers with iPhone 6 priced at above INR
68000.

The Mobile Store too is selling iPhone 6 today at INR 65,000.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Local grey market preparing for iPhone 6 demand pick-up

BYLINE: Agnes Lu in Hong Kong

LENGTH: 651  words


Apple fans on the mainland might not be able to buy the long-awaited iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus within this year because Apple had failed to reach an
agreement over its license application with the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology.

A man strolls past a signboard showing the recovery price of IPhone 6 in Mong
Kok on Wednesday. Parker Zheng / China Daily

Apple fans on the mainland might not be able to buy the long-awaited iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus within this year because Apple had failed to reach an
agreement over its license application with the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology.

The application, which was expected to be approved at the end of this month, was
reportedly rejected by the authorities, and it is not known when Apple will make
another application for a license.

Apple's iPhones will be made available in 10 countries - including Hong Kong -
from Sept 19, but Apple has not yet stated when they will be available on the
Chinese mainland, despite it being one of the US tech giant's largest markets.

Apple last week unveiled the two latest models in its iPhone series, both of
which boast a larger screen, to try to recapture its role as a technological
trend-setter. Hong Kong iPhone resellers say the iPhones could be resold on the
mainland, where fans could pay up to 30,000 yuan ($4,888) for a new handset.

Stocks of the Chinese mainland telecommunications industry fell the most on the
Hang Seng Composite Index after the news came out that iPhones will not be
available for a while. China Mobile Ltd slid 3.8 percent when the market closed
on Sept 16, posting its biggest drop since August 2012.

But the news seems to have only brought more caution to Hong Kong's grey market,
while legal, is still unofficail or unauthoralized. In Sin Tat Plaza in Mong
Kok, dealers say it is very hard to estimate the market price for the new Apple
mobiles, as it is fluctuating all the time.

"But the price for the 128G version iPhone 6 Plus will definitely exceed
HK$20,000," said the salesperson of Iron Ladies Workshop on the second floor of
the building. She has already got more than 20 pre-orders for iPhone 6 Plus
series from customers, each order requiring down payment of at least HK$15,000.
"One customer from Shandong province ordered five at one time," she said.

The shop owner of Comeoin on the first floor said he had already got more than
100 orders for all the iPhone 6 mobile products. "You can order as many as you
want. I have my own sources to get the phones," he said.

The actual payment will be dependent on the market price on Sept 19 when
pre-ordered iPhone 6 can be picked up at local retail stores. That also means
all customers who ordered from these electronic accessories dealers can get
their new mobiles as soon as tomorrow.

The absence of the mainland in Apple's second round selling region just
triggered another buying spree in Hong Kong two days ago, as the raging typhoon
came in just right on time to make staying at home and clicking mouses for
potential fortune so tempting. After Apple had opened up its online reservation
system at 8:00 am, all iPhone 6 Plus has been booked up within three minutes,
and iPhone 6 within eight.

Tips on how to get in the system faster than others and place your reservation
successfully already circulated online for days, as lots of locals failed to
snap up the new phones while they were sitting in offices and gearing for iPhone
6's initial online selling in Hong Kong. Apple announced that it got orders for
over four million of its latest smartphones in the first 24 hours globally.

Apple's continuing delay on the mainland has left mainland telecommunication
giants no solution but to postpone their own iPhone 6 contract plans. China
Mobile Ltd started focusing on selling cheaper domestically-produced
unsubsidized phones that work on 4G networks.

agnes@chinadailyhk.com

(HK Edition 09/18/2014 page8)

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 Hobart Edition

Apple bites Aussie fans

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER and ANDREW JEFFERSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 356  words


AUSTRALIANS will pay 20 per cent more than United States customers when the new
iPhone 6 is released next week.

Apple yesterday launched two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable -device it hopes
will rule them all.

The details of the new -iPhones have been widely leaked, but there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family, the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have NFC (near-field
communication), a wireless communication system some Android phones embraced
years ago that enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their
phone at shop checkouts.

The payment system begins in America in October, but there are no details yet of
when it might be released in Australia and what banks, credit cards and
merchants will be involved.

After years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple
Watch also was finally unveiled yesterday.

The device will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three
models, all of which have interchangeable bands, and will target consumers
across a wide range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for
an upmarket timepiece.

The latest iPhone range goes on sale here from September 19, with Australians
set to be slugged harder than anywhere else in the world.

Prices for the iPhone 6 start at $869 in Australia compared to $707 in the US.
The iPhone 6 Plus will retail from $999 in Australia and $816 in the US.

Australian customers can pre-order the new phones from tomorrow. While an
Australian price for the Apple Watch has not yet been announced, it will retail
in the US from $349.

Consumer group Choice spokesman Tom Godfrey said: "While this isn't the most
excessive example of the Australia Tax, it highlights yet again Australians are
face digital discrimination.""Apple needs to justify why it continues to take
larger bites out of Aussie wallets," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

New iPhones set off flurry of pre-orders

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 348 words


The new iPhones are selling like hotcakes.

Shortly after Applecs latest phones went up for pre-order on Friday, the major
carriers appeared to have drained their supplies. At a star-studded event at the
Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino on Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook
made official the companycs latest offerings: the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus, with screens of 4.7 and 5.5 inches, respectively.

If early reports are any judge, many consumers seem to agree with Apple that
bigger is better. AT&T indicated on its website Friday morning that the iPhone 6
would ship sometime in October, whereas the larger iPhone 6 Plus would not go
out until November. Verizoncs website forecast an Oct. 7 delivery date for the
iPhone 6 and an Oct. 21 arrival for the iPhone 6 Plus.

Sprintcs website appeared to be buckling under high traffic, with a message
advising users: cWe are excited, and now we know you are excited too! There seem
to be quite a few of your trying to get into our online store to see our new
phones and plans. We will be back online soon with a new device, a new plan and
a new way to buy.c

T-Mobilecs website also appeared to be on the fritz Friday morning. Tech blog
Re/code reported Friday that an attempt to order the iPhone 6 Plus generated the
following message: cDue to high demand, your Apple product may not be available
for immediate shipping. Once we are able to complete your order, you will
receive a notification when your product has shipped.c

A spokesman for AT&T told Re/code that the demand for Applecs latest phones
surpasses what the company has seen in the past two years.

Analysts predicted that consumers would clamor for the new phones. Apple has
been slow to embrace the movement for larger screens, but it is a feature many
consumers have shown they want.

cMost of the people things are doing with their phones today really cry out for
a larger screen,c Bob OcDonnell of TECHnalysis Research told the Mercury News at
Applecs event on Tuesday.

Consumers are scrambling to pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)

c

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

American Express cardholders in Canada get access to Apple Pay

LENGTH: 210 words


American Express has enabled its cardholders in Canada using the latest iPhone
models to use Apple Pay.

Apple Pay can be accessed by eligible Canadian consumer, small business and
corporate cards issued by Amex Bank of Canada.

Apple Pay will be supported on iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPad and Apple Watch.

The service enables American Express cardholders across Canada to make purchases
both in store with compatible Apple devices at participating American Express
contactless merchants, and for making purchases within participating apps
accepting American Express.

Cardholders can pay in store with their Apple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, as well as pay within apps through iPad Air 2, iPad
mini 4 and iPad mini 3.

Cardholders using an eligible American Express Card in Apple Pay can receive
real-time notifications and details for all purchases, along with seamless
connection to the Amex Mobile App for effective account monitoring, servicing
and access to rewards information.

Moreover, security is ensured as a card in Apple Pay is tokenised with a
different number than the cardholder's plastic card, with every payment
authorised with Touch ID or a passcode prior to the processing of the
transaction.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 22, 2015 Tuesday 3:54 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus review roundup: stronger, faster, heavier;
They can shoot Live Photos, have pressure-sensitive screens, an always-listening
Siri, and faster fingerprint sensors, but look identical to last year's models

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1279 words


Apple's new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus smartphones land in customers hands on Friday,
but a select bunch of reviewers have been given early access.

The Guardian is not one of those picked by Apple to receive a sample of the
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus ahead of its release, and will publish a review after
buying one at the same time as consumers.

In the meantime, here is a quick roundup of the general opinion on Apple's
latest.

Review: Apple's iPhone 6s And 6s Plus Go 'Tick' - Tech Crunch

                     Matthew Panzarino sees quite an uptick in performance of
this year's iPhone over the iPhone 6, in its "tick-tock" upgrade cycle :

In our tests, there was a 56.5% increase in Geekbench benchmark scores from the
iPhone 6 Plus to the iPhone 6s Plus. That follows a 97% increase from the iPhone
5 to the iPhone 5s. In comparison, there was only a 24.9% increase from the
iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6. In terms of performance, the 'tock' years are really
kicking the 'tick' years in the butt.

iPhone 6S review: Apple's 3D Touch screen and camera improvements make the best
better - Digital Spy

Despite the iPhone 6S being thicker and heavier than its predecessor, Matt Hill
found it wasn't noticeable.

No need to grumble, this is still slim by any standard, with the phone's
increased portliness barely noticeable and the added 14g giving the phone a more
reassuring heft. Easily the most well constructed handset on the market -
despite increased competition from the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC
One M9 - the iPhone 6S's cool-to-the-touch metal body and softly curved edges
make the phone look and feel great.

iPhone 6S review: Apple presses forward - The Verge

Nilay Patel loves the new pressure-sensitive "3D Touch" screen but admits that
it's not exactly a novel concept, even if it's a new implementation:

On the home screen, app icons can show quick actions when you push them. Pushing
on a calendar entry shows you more information about it, and pushing on a map
pin lets you jump straight to directions. Pushing on a message in Mail opens a
preview that you can slide to either side to delete or archive, and pushing
harder opens the message. It's the same in Safari: pushing lightly on a link
opens a preview, and pushing slightly harder actually opens the page. It's not
some insane lightning bolt of inspiration; Google is doing something very
similar with Material Design and Microsoft has been sliding things all over the
screen since someone was drunk enough to approve the name 'Windows Phone 7
Series'. But 3D Touch [is] by far the most aggressive and interesting step in
this direction anyone has ever taken.

iPhone 6s Review: A Slightly Better iPhone 6 - The Wall Street Journal

The camera's better, the processor is faster and it has a new screen, but the
battery life of the iPhone is still poor, according to Joanna Stern:

Let's get this out of the way first. The No. 1 thing people want in a smartphone
is better battery life. And the iPhone 6s doesn't deliver that. The 4.7-inch 6s
will get you through the day, but you'll struggle to make it til bedtime with
moderate to heavy use. And it seemed to drain even faster than my 6 when I used
the new processor-intensive camera features like Live Photos. The bigger
5.5-inch 6s Plus lasted longer and is the best choice if you're a heavy user and
want some juice left over at the end of the day.

I Used The Crap Out Of The New iPhone 6S And This Is What Happened - BuzzFeed
Life

Writing for BuzzFeed Life (not BuzzFeed News, that's below) Nicole Nguyen found
Apple's marketing a little distasteful :

The marketing slogan for the 6S is "The only thing that's changed is
everything," which is funny because that's, well, not true. Take a look at the
hardware. It's impossible to tell the difference between the 6S and 6 iPhones,
save for a tinyyy [sic] ant-sized "S" on the rear and slightly more heft (the 6S
phones are one ounce heavier). They're fraternal twins that basically look like
identical twins. What is different are the few, significant internal
improvements, one of which is what I think will entice people (namely, me) to
upgrade. 3D Touch is the 6S's killer feature. But it depends on what apps decide
to support it.

Yet Another iPhone 6s Review - BuzzFeed News

John Paczkowski found images shot by the 12-megapixel camera were generally
better, as you would expect.

The photos I've taken with the new 12 megapixel rear camera on the iPhone 6s
look a little bit better than the ones I've taken with the 8 megapixel one on
the iPhone 6 - and even my not-at-all-a-photographer's eye can see that. Apple
says this is because of "improved local tone mapping" and an "advanced pixel
technology" called Focus Pixels. It probably is. I don't care. What matters is
that pictures of my daughters look warmer, sharper, more detailed, whatever. And
they look equally good when I blow them up.

iPhone 6S Plus review: Is bigger better? - Pocket-Lint

Stuart Miles says the optical stabilisation and phase detection autofocus make
the new 12-megapixel upgrade to the iPhone's camera a winner, but Live Photos
are a mixed bag for now.

A lot of Live Photos we've shot have footage of us hastily dropping the camera
after taking the shot. Another frustration is that audio is automatically
recorded, which at times is lovely - a child's giggle for example - but not so
great when you've got the same child screaming in the background. All that extra
video adds to their size too, meaning a Live Photo is worth around two still
photos in terms of space. While you can offload some of that to Apple's iCloud
Drive service (at a yearly subscription) a 16GB iPhone 6S Plus isn't going to
stretch as far as it used to (compounding the argument for a 32GB minimum
model).

iPhone 6S Review: Come for the New Features, Stay for the Screaming Speed -
Bloomberg

Speed is at the heart of the new iPhones for Sam Grobart, including the new and
improved fingerprint scanner:

The Touch ID sensor is instantaneous: By the time you've pressed the home button
to wake up the phone, you've already authenticated yourself and are on the home
screen.

iPhone 6s review: built for success - The Telegraph

According to Rhiannon Williams, the always-listening "Hey Siri" feature needs a
bit of work learning to ignore everyone but you :

Thanks to the integrated A9, Siri is now always on, waiting to be activated by
the command "Hey Siri". This is attuned to your voice when you first set Siri up
during the iPhone activation process, which means Siri is supposed to be able to
pick out your voice alone from within a crowded room. I did find that a woman of
a similar age and voice range to myself was able to activate Siri from a
distance by speaking a command, so maybe this is a feature which needs a bit of
refining.

iPhone 6s Plus review: more battery, better camera and a bigger screen mean new
phone could win you round to huge phones - The Independent

And of that Rose Gold colour, apparently it's difficult to photograph and looks
better in real life, says David Phelan.

The rose gold, by the way, looks better in the flesh than in photos, thanks to a
colour that is understated and warm rather than out-and-out pink.

iPhone 6S review - Tech Radar

Gareth Beavis sees the upgrade as a no-brainer if money is no object, but it's a
much more difficult call for most people.

It's still one of, if not the, most expensive flagship phones on the market, and
as such needs to impress in every way, which the iPhone 6S doesn't quite do. The
iPhone 6 remains on sale at a lower price, and the difference between it and
Apple's latest phone is negligible.

· iOS 9 review: an upgrade to jump for, or skip?

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

Look like older iPhones but with nifty new traits;
Apple's penchant for updating the iPhone with an 'S' suffix and incremental
upgrades continues with its latest iPhones. Trevor Tan tests the iPhone 6s and
6s Plus to see if they are worth the upgrade.

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 1087 words


DESIGN

The two new iPhones look almost exactly like their predecessors. But they are
built with structurally stronger 7000 Series aluminium.

A new rose gold model joins the existing grey, silver and gold models (gold is
now not available for existing iPhone 6 and 6 Plus). It is a finish that is more
pink than gold.

Both iPhones are 0.2mm thicker than their predecessors. They are heavier, with
the iPhone 6s putting on 14g, and the iPhone 6s Plus gaining 20g. But they can
still be used with iPhone 6 and 6 Plus cases.

But when you hold them in your hands, you will not really feel or sense the
increase in thickness or weight. Both new iPhones are still great to hold and
handle, with the smaller model more suited to one-hand use.

TECH SPECS   APPLE IPHONE 6S PLUS

PRICE: $1,218 (16GB), $1,388 (64GB) $1,558 (128GB)

PROCESSOR: A9 chip with

64-bit architecture with embedded M9 motion co-processor

SCREEN: 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch; 1,920 x 1,080 pixels

CAMERAS: 12-megapixel rear camera, 5-megapixel front camera

WEIGHT: 192g

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

SPEED

With an upgraded 64-bit A9 chip, the iPhones run faster than their predecessors.

In the Geekbench 3 benchmark tests, the iPhone 6s scored 2,535 (single-core) and
4,410 (multi-core), while the iPhone 6s Plus scored 2,526 (single-core) and
4,410 (multi-core). These results are around 50 per cent faster than the
previous models.

Where it took 9sec to load Infinity Blade III on the previous iPhones, both new
iPhones loaded the game in around 7.7sec. Graphics-intensive games such as
Implosion played smoothly without lag.

The iPhones use the second-generation Touch ID that is supposed to be better and
faster. It works even with moist fingers and logs into the Home Screen a split
second faster than in previous versions.

TECH SPECS   APPLE IPHONE 6S

PRICE: $1,048 (16GB), $1,218 (64GB), $1,388 (128GB)

PROCESSOR: A9 chip with

64-bit architecture with embedded M9 motion co-processor

SCREEN: 4.7-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch; 1,334 x 750 pixels

CAMERAS: 12-megapixel rear camera, 5-megapixel front camera

WEIGHT: 143g

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 3/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

SIRI

The voice command "Hey, Siri" is now recognised without requiring the iPhones to
be plugged to a power source. When you set up the phone initially, you will be
asked to say a few sentences, such as "Hey Siri, how's the weather today'". This
is so the phone will recognise only your voice. Siri seems to have become more
accurate as a result.

DISPLAY WITH 3D TOUCH

Apple did not increase the new iPhones' display size and screen resolution. A
higher-resolution display is probably more suited for viewing the 4K videos that
the new iPhones are capable of shooting.

What has changed with the display is the addition of the 3D Touch feature, where
the screen senses how hard you are pressing on it.

This feature allows for primarily two functions, which Apple calls Peek and Pop,
and Quick Actions.

Peek and Pop lets you preview content without opening a message or e-mail. For
example, press lightly on an e-mail to see the content and let go if the content
does not interest you. It also lets you preview photos by lightly pressing the
thumbnail image while still in camera mode. You can swipe left to review the
photos. Just lift your finger to return to taking photos.

Quick Actions works like the regular right mouse click. With supported apps in
the Home Screen, it will call up a shortcut with different options. For example,
press hard on the Camera app icon and you will feel a haptic feedback, followed
by the appearance of a window showing options like Take Selfie or Record Video.

It all feels intuitive and I got the hang of how much force to apply with just a
few tries. The feature worked like a charm even after I installed screen
protectors.

CAMERA AND LIVE PHOTOS

Both iPhones feature an improved 12-megapixel rear camera (up from 8-megapixel
previously) that shoots 4K (3,840 x 2,160 pixels) videos.

Selfie lovers will like that the front-facing camera has been upgraded to 5
megapixels (from 1.2 megapixels previously). This camera uses the phone's
display as a flash, a feature which Apple calls Retina flash.

The main difference between the cameras of the new iPhones remains the presence
of an optical image stabiliser (OIS) in the iPhone 6s Plus. OIS compensates for
camera shake and yields sharper images, especially under dim conditions when
exposure times would be longer.

It also makes videos appear less jerky. Comparing 4K videos I shot while
walking, the ones taken with the iPhone 6s Plus were less shaky.

There is a new camera function called Live Photos in both iPhones. It is enabled
by default in the camera but you can disable it if you prefer so. When you take
a photo, you get one still image, as well as animated footage - or "moments" -
spanning 1.5 seconds before and after the picture is taken. During preview on
the phone, just press a little harder on the screen to see those moments.

You might find your initial tries at this function to be quite hilarious though,
as final moments tend to be when you put down the phone. The trick is to wait
for the word "Live" on the camera app to disappear before you put down the
phone.

Pictures and videos shot with the iPhones are excellent, with crisp details and
minimal noise. And unlike some smartphones, images are not marred by overzealous
sharpening.

To compare their cameras, I used the phones to take a series of the same scenes.
Images taken with the iPhone 6s Plus showed marginally more accurate colours and
exposure levels.

Selfie lovers will love the sharper details of the new front camera. The Retina
flash worked well. Unlike the unnatural spot-lit effect with most phone camera
flashes, skin tones were natural with these phones.

BATTERY LIFE

To stress-test the battery, I looped a 720p video at full brightness and full
volume, and with Wi-Fi on.

The iPhone 6s lasted 6hr 50min, while the iPhone 6s Plus lasted 7hr 10min. The
iPhone 6s lasted around the same time as the iPhone 6, while the iPhone 6s Plus
lasted 25min less than its predecessor.

Under normal use, both phones should be able to last a working day.

·Verdict: If you are still using the iPhone 5s, you definitely have to upgrade
to the Apple iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus. Even if you are using the previous
models, the 3D Touch feature and better cameras are well worth the upgrade.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Apple iPhone 6s, in four colours, has put on 14g but is still great
to hold and handle.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

New iPhones under fire in  Bendgate  row

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 263 words


Multiple users have been posting photos online of their new iPhone 6 Plus which
have become warped after being in their pockets for long periods of time. The
whole debacle is being called #bendgate.

Unlike LG s bendy G FLEX and numerous other bendy phones that came out this
year, the iPhone 6 was not made to bend. MacRumors, which first reported on the
issue, said  a small but growing number  of iPhone 6 Plus owners had reported in
their forums that their phone had been bent after carrying the device in their
pockets. In one example, a new 6 Plus was bent during a day of  dancing, dining,
and driving to a wedding . Russell Holly, a reporter for Geek.com, said he had
also experienced the issue.  Shortly after reading these reports I checked out
my own iPhone 6 and discovered a similar   but significantly less noticeable
effect,  he said.  Much like these other reports, my phone had been in my front
pocket for an extended period of time while I was driving.  iPhone 6 Plus owners
are also being warned online against bending their phones back into shape due to
the risk of its screen cracking. More than 10m Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models,
a record for a new model, were sold in the three days after the phones went on
sale. The new models are onsale in Ireland from tomorrow. A year ago, Apple said
it had sold 9m of the then-new iPhone 5C and 5S models. Chief executive Tim Cook
said demand for the phones had exceeded the company s expectations. Besides
larger screens, the new phones offer faster performance and a wireless chip for
making credit card payments.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

New iPhones under fire in  Bendgate  row

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 263 words


Multiple users have been posting photos online of their new iPhone 6 Plus which
have become warped after being in their pockets for long periods of time. The
whole debacle is being called #bendgate.

Unlike LG s bendy G FLEX and numerous other bendy phones that came out this
year, the iPhone 6 was not made to bend. MacRumors, which first reported on the
issue, said  a small but growing number  of iPhone 6 Plus owners had reported in
their forums that their phone had been bent after carrying the device in their
pockets. In one example, a new 6 Plus was bent during a day of  dancing, dining,
and driving to a wedding . Russell Holly, a reporter for Geek.com, said he had
also experienced the issue.  Shortly after reading these reports I checked out
my own iPhone 6 and discovered a similar   but significantly less noticeable
effect,  he said.  Much like these other reports, my phone had been in my front
pocket for an extended period of time while I was driving.  iPhone 6 Plus owners
are also being warned online against bending their phones back into shape due to
the risk of its screen cracking. More than 10m Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models,
a record for a new model, were sold in the three days after the phones went on
sale. The new models are onsale in Ireland from tomorrow. A year ago, Apple said
it had sold 9m of the then-new iPhone 5C and 5S models. Chief executive Tim Cook
said demand for the phones had exceeded the company s expectations. Besides
larger screens, the new phones offer faster performance and a wireless chip for
making credit card payments.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Strong sales of new iPhones linked to China; Bustling market

BYLINE: Julia Love, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP7

LENGTH: 543 words


Apple Inc. said on Monday that advance orders of its new iPhones were on pace to
beat the 10 million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend
last year, a feat that analysts attributed to the inclusion of sales from China.

The Chinese debut of the prior models, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, was delayed last
year as the company awaited approval from regulators. Many analysts say China is
poised to overtake the United States as Apple's biggest market.

Searching for signs of whether Apple can top its 2014 performance, investors
were initially encouraged by the company's remarks but later tempered their
enthusiasm. Apple shares were up 0.7 per cent in afternoon trading after rising
as much as 2.3 per cent earlier in the session.

Apple did not disclose the specific number of advance orders it received for the
new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. Analysts had expected about 4.5 million for the first
24 hours, compared with 4 million during the first day last year.

Apple began taking preorders on Saturday for the phones, which will begin
shipping Sept. 25.

The company said it was working to catch up to demand for the iPhone 6S Plus,
the larger of the two new phones, which exceeded its forecasts for the preorder
period.

"Preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple spokeswoman
Trudy Muller said in a statement.

After shattering sales records last year with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple has
been dogged by questions of whether it can sustain the momentum this year.

BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis said the company had always enjoyed a burst of
sales of new phones from diehard fans and customers who are due for an upgrade.

"Will these phones have the same staying power as the iPhone 6?" he asked. "It's
still going to be a challenge."

The exclusion of the Chinese market last year set a low bar for Apple to clear
with preorders this year, he added. However, John Jackson of IDC said the 6S and
6S Plus's strong early performance dampened concerns on Wall Street.

"Apple has this track record of outperforming its own outperformance, but the
iPhone 6 looks like an extraordinarily tough act to follow," he said. "The fact
that they are fast out of the gate with this refresh is a very encouraging
sign."

FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said he was encouraged by the
response in China, where Apple's website showed particularly long wait times for
the phones.

"It shows that they are off to a white-hot start, with China really being front
and centre as a main driver of initial demand," he said.

After last year's redesign, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus feature more modest
updates, such as improved cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that
responds according to how hard users press their screens. But Apple executives
have stated that only a fraction of users have upgraded to the iPhone 6,
suggesting the company has ample room to grow. Last week Apple announced the
phones, as well as a new TV set-top box that responds to voice commands, but the
new products underwhelmed many social media commentators and investors.

Apple relies heavily on the sale of its flagship iPhones, which generated nearly
twothirds of its revenue in the latest quarter. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Josh Edelson, AFP, Getty Images; Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus during an Apple media event last week.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone shipments delayed;
Apple

LENGTH: 523 words



HIGHLIGHT: Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on
Apple Inc's iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's
latest smartphones strained available supply.


Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc's
iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's latest
smartphones strained available supply.

The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on Sept. 19 in the United States but the company
began taking online orders on Thursday. While the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models
now display a wait time of up to a month, the 4.7-inch version remains available
for delivery on Sept. 19, Apple's website showed.

Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint Corp, also showed shipment delays of up to six
weeks on their respective websites. Apple said the pace of orders has so far
outstripped any of its previous iPhones.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight. Pre-orders are currently available online or
through the Apple Store App," spokeswoman Trudy Muller said. Apple routinely
grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a
smartphone re-design. The latest iPhones come with larger screens and some
analysts had anticipated that production issues may keep a lid on initial runs.
Its suppliers had scrambled to get enough screens ready because the need to
redesign a key component had disrupted panel production, supply chain sources
told Reuters last month. It was unclear whether the hiccup could limit the
number of phones available to consumers, the sources said at the time. Apple
declined to comment on supply chain issues. In addition, Chinese customers may
also have to wait until the year-end before they can buy the iPhone 6. Apple is
yet to set a release date for China, the world's biggest smartphone market. The
company unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile payments
service on Tuesday. AT&T's chief executive of mobile and business, Ralph de la
Vega, told investors at a conference in New York that iPhone 6 orders have so
far surpassed orders last year and the year before. "It is such a great thing to
wake up in the morning to know that you have hundreds of thousands of orders
already before you even have a cup of coffee," said the executive. Apple's
iPhones tend to incite the kind of initial buying frenzy unknown to many other
brands, partly because of the company's well-honed marketing tactics. On
secondary markets online, the rights to a pre-ordered iPhone 6 Plus are worth as
much as double the unsubsidized sticker price. One eBay auction for an unlocked
128-gigabyte gold version of the 5.5-inch phone, for example, was bidding at
dollar 1,625 on Friday afternoon, compared with a face value of dollar 949. One
post on the New York City edition of Craigslist sought dollar 10,000 the
privilege to "be one of the first & few people to own this model and before the
rest of the world." New iPhones tend to get listed at stratospheric prices on
various online retail sites from the United States to China, on the assumption
that there's big demand from people who must get their hands on the phone from
day one. That in turns fuels a grey market of dealers who buy in bulk for
resale. (Reuters) For more visit: www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple India Reveals iPhone 7 Pricing Details

LENGTH: 162  words


The top-end variant to cost Rs 92,000.

Keep your expensive iPhone jokes handy as Apple has just unveiled the pricing
details of its latest handsets. The best thing is that the information comes
directly from Apple's official website in India. Apple has also confirmed that
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be launching in India on October 7. Earlier
today, Apple slashed the the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus prices to make way for
the waterproof iPhone duo.

The iPhone 7 Plus that boasts of a dual camera setup will be available in jet
black, black, silver, gold, and rose gold (pink). Its pricing details are as
follows:

iPhone 7 Plus 32 GB - 72,000

iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB - 82,000

iPhone 7 Plus 256 GB - 92,000 (insert your kidney joke here)

The compact iPhone 7 with a 4.7-inch display comes in same hues as that of its
sibling. Due to the lack of fancy dual-camera setup, the iPhone 7 costs
relatively lesser:

iPhone 7 32 GB - 60,000

iPhone 7 128 GB - 70,000

iPhone 7 256 GB - 80,000

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Bent' iPhones and software glitches hit Apple

LENGTH: 320  words


Apple's newest iPhones have been hit by glitches after users complained that a
new software update blocked their calls - and a widely-circulated video showed
the larger of the two new models was vulnerable to bending.

Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing on Wednesday to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating
system for iPhones and iPads.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to
users "as quickly as we can". Users are still able to the upgrade older phones
to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to
nearly half of all iOS devices.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

It is not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with
subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing with reports that the aluminium shell
of the iPhone 6 Plus was vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their
phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a trouser
pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner
than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Mark Chediak; Bloomberg News

SECTION: Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 279 words


SAN FRANCISCO | Facing an Internet outcry about their malleability, Apple's new
iPhones proved fit for daily use, and difficult to bend, in lab tests run by
Consumer Reports magazine.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force" to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports said in results of a study published on its website.
HTC Corp.'s HTC One M8 and Samsung Electronics's Galaxy Note 3 were among the
other devices.

"All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough," the report
said. "We expect that any of these phones should stand up to typical use."

Following uproar in social media including claims the new iPhone 6 Plus bends if
it's sat upon or if enough pressure is placed on it, Apple has said bending of
its devices is "extremely rare." Only nine customers had contacted Apple about a
bent iPhone 6 Plus, the Cupertino, California-based company said in a Sept. 25
statement.

The iPhone 6 Plus began to deform after 90 pounds of force was applied and the
iPhone 6 stood up to pressure until 70 pounds was applied, the same as the HTC
One M8, according to Consumer Reports. The Galaxy Note 3 was damaged at 150
pounds. All devices withstood 55 pounds, the force needed to break three
pencils, the magazine said.

"Bear in mind that it took significant force to do this kind of damage to all
these phones," Consumer Reports said. "Both iPhones seem tougher than the
Internet fracas implies."

The iPhone 6 Plus, a 5.5-inch screen device, which is the biggest smartphone in
Apple's lineup, became available for sale last week, along with the other new
model, the iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday
                               Bangalore Edition

Battle of the Behemoths Galaxy Note 4 vs iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: hitesh.bhagat@timesgroup.com

SECTION: ET PANACHE

LENGTH: 520 words


Look and feel

Like the brand new Galaxy Alpha, the Note 4 has a brushed metal frame with
bevelled edges and a removable, soft touch back cover.It's a tad shorter than
the iPhone 6 Plus despite having a larger screen -which means the bezels are
thinner. The iPhone 6 Plus is all metal with some plastic inserts for wireless
signals. It is significantly slimmer than the Note 4 though we doubt many people
will use it without a case, thanks to the `bending' controversy.

Display

Both devices have fantastic displays that are roughly the same size (5.7-inch
for the Note 4 and 5.5-inch for the iPhone 6 Plus). The resolution and pixel
density, however, is quite different. The Note 4 screen is 2560 x 1440 pixels
while the iPhone 6 Plus is 1920 x 1080 pixels. In addition, the Note 4 employs a
super amoled display which offers more vibrant colours as compared to the IPS
LCD.

Specifications

On paper, the Note 4 is the clear winner here with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 805
quad core processor (2.7 Ghz) and 3GB RAM. Apple doesn't specify the exact
specifications but several reports suggest that the 64-bit A8 processor is a 1.4
Ghz dual core with 1GB RAM.The Note 4 also has the advantage of expandable
storage -the 32GB

memory can be expanded by another 128GB using a microSD.

Still images

Both phones are equipped with great cameras which offer optical image
stabilisation. Often found in high-end digital cameras, this feature works to
counter the effects of camera shake which results in blurry images. It also
helps a lot when you're capturing photos in low light. Needless to say, these
two are currently at the top of the heap when it comes to smartphone cameras.

Video recording

The reason video comes under a different head is because both devices have some
special tricks up their sleeve. The iPhone 6 Plus can record time lapse movies
and slow motion of the box. Meanwhile, the Note 4 is capable of really good 4k
resolution video at 30fps which will come in handy if you plan to upgrade to a
UHD 4K TV or projector anytime soon.

Additional features

Both devices have fingerprint sensors, though the implementation on the iPhone 6
Plus is better \xAD you only need to place a finger on the home button rather
than slide it across like on the Note 4. The Note 4's killer features have to be
the pressure sensitive stylus (which opens up tremendous possibilities if you
like to draw/write/sketch) .and the effortless multi-tasking (multiple active
apps)

What Note 4 can do and iPhone 6 Plus can't

1. Shoot 4k UHD video at 30fps

2. Ultra wide 120-degree selfies, thanksto a new camera mode

3. Draw precisely with the new S pen stylus (2048 levels of sensitivity)

4. Powerful multitasking with multiple windows of apps

5. Swap out batteries, expand the memory by another 128GB

What iPhone 6 Plus can do and Note 4 can't

1. Shoot super slow motion video @ 240 frames per second

2. Reachability mode makes the large screen accessible with one hand

3. Touch ID identifies fingerprints by just placing finger on home button

4. Shoot time lapse videos without any additional apps

5. A new barometer measures elevation changes apart from steps/distance

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple sells 6 million new phones 6, 6 Plus version spur record sales

BYLINE: By Julia Love SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS (MCT)

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 281 words


CUPERTINO, Calif. -- Apple sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus as the gadgets debuted this past weekend, the company said Monday.

The sales figures, which mark a new record for Apple, came as little surprise
after a weekend in which legions of people in many countries around the globe
lined up for hours to buy the new phones. The Cupertino, Calif.-based company
bested the 9 million phones it sold last year when the iPhone 5s and 5c debuted.

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"We would like to thank all of our customers for making this our best launch
ever, shattering all previous sell-through records by a large margin."

Though Apple still managed to log plenty of sales, supplies of the new iPhones
appeared to be straining under demand. The iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, sold
out quickly.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible."

Analysts expected that Apple would enjoy a gusher of sales when it finally
responded to consumers' cries for phones with larger screens. The iPhone 6,
which starts at $199 with a two-year contract, measures 4.7 inches diagonally,
and the $299 6 Plus has a screen of 5.5 inches.

Apple has also said the phones have sharper displays, better cameras and
extended battery life. In addition, people who purchase the new gadgets will
gain access to Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that lets customers make
purchases in stores with a wave of their phones.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Pantagraph


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

SAN FRANCISCO - Apple moved to...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 170 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple moved to recapture its role as the leading tech
trend-setter as it unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone.

It also said it was introducing a mobile wallet that would allow consumers to
simply tap their phones to pay retailers, aiming to popularise the idea of
mobile payments.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device that links to the iPhone, "will
redefine what people expect from this category", chief executive Tim Cook said.

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

The new iPhone 6 will start at the same price of existing iPhones at $US199
(A215) for US customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $US299 with a
two-year contract.

Apple said the devices would be available in at least 115 countries by the end
of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An iPhone 6 Plus on show during an Apple event at the Flint Centre in
Cupertino, California.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

Battle of the Behemoths Galaxy Note 4 vs iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: hitesh.bhagat@timesgroup.com

SECTION: ET PANACHE

LENGTH: 522 words


Look and feel

Look and feel Like the brand new Galaxy Alpha, the Note 4 has a brushed metal
frame with bevelled edges and a removable, soft touch back cover.It's a tad
shorter than the iPhone 6 Plus despite having a larger screen -which means the
bezels are thinner. The iPhone 6 Plus is all metal with some plastic inserts for
wireless signals. It is significantly slimmer than the Note 4 though we doubt
many people will use it without a case, thanks to the `bending' controversy.

Display

Both devices have fantastic displays that are roughly the same size (5.7-inch
for the Note 4 and 5.5-inch for the iPhone 6 Plus). The resolution and pixel
density, however, is quite different. The Note 4 screen is 2560 x 1440 pixels
while the iPhone 6 Plus is 1920 x 1080 pixels. In addition, the Note 4 employs a
super amoled display which offers more vibrant colours as compared to the IPS
LCD.

Specifications

On paper, the Note 4 is the clear winner here with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 805
quad core processor (2.7 Ghz) and 3GB RAM. Apple doesn't specify the exact
specifications but several reports suggest that the 64-bit A8 processor is a 1.4
Ghz dual core with 1GB RAM.The Note 4 also has the advantage of expandable
storage -the 32GB

memory can be expanded by another 128GB using a microSD.

Still images

Both phones are equipped with great cameras which offer optical image
stabilisation. Often found in high-end digital cameras, this feature works to
counter the effects of camera shake which results in blurry images. It also
helps a lot when you're capturing photos in low light. Needless to say, these
two are currently at the top of the heap when it comes to smartphone cameras.

Video recording

The reason video comes under a different head is because both devices have some
special tricks up their sleeve. The iPhone 6 Plus can record time lapse movies
and slow motion of the box. Meanwhile, the Note 4 is capable of really good 4k
resolution video at 30fps which will come in handy if you plan to upgrade to a
UHD 4K TV or projector anytime soon.

Additional features

Both devices have fingerprint sensors, though the implementation on the iPhone 6
Plus is better \xAD you only need to place a finger on the home button rather
than slide it across like on the Note 4. The Note 4's killer features have to be
the pressure sensitive stylus (which opens up tremendous possibilities if you
like to draw/write/sketch) .and the effortless multi-tasking (multiple active
apps)

What Note 4 can do and iPhone 6 Plus can't

1. Shoot 4k UHD video at 30fps

2. Ultra wide 120-degree selfies, thanksto a new camera mode

3. Draw precisely with the new S pen stylus (2048 levels of sensitivity)

4. Powerful multitasking with multiple windows of apps

5. Swap out batteries, expand the memory by another 128GB

What iPhone 6 Plus can do and Note 4 can't

1. Shoot super slow motion video @ 240 frames per second

2. Reachability mode makes the large screen accessible with one hand

3. Touch ID identifies fingerprints by just placing finger on home button

4. Shoot time lapse videos without any additional apps

5. A new barometer measures elevation changes apart from steps/distance

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

U2 support Apple as watch steals show;
Wearable device and two iPhones debuted as band releases 13th album

BYLINE: Davin O'Dwyer

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 810 words


In what was one of the most keenly anticipated tech events in recent years,
Apple chief executive Tim Cook yesterday unveiled a host of new devices and
technologies at the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts in Cupertino,
California, not far from Apple's headquarters. Even with a heavily rumoured
"surprise" performance from U2, debuting a track from their new album, it was
the new gadgets that provided most of the glamour and wowed the large crowd of
guests and technology journalists.

With two new iPhones and an entirely new wearable device, dubbed the Apple
Watch, as well as announcing a new in mobile payments, it was the company's most
significant such event since founder Steve Jobs unveiled the iPad in 2010, and
challenged the widespread perception that the company was unable to innovate
without Jobs, who died in October 2011.

The big announcement was the unveiling of the Apple Watch, which has been the
subject of rumours for more than two years but which had not seen publicly
before yesterday's event. It is the company's first new product category since
the iPad.

"Apple introduced the world to several category-defining products: the Mac,
iPod, iPhone and iPad," said Mr Cook. "It's the most personal product we've ever
made."

Coming in three editions - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch
Edition - and available in two sizes, 38mm and 42 mm, the device features a a
scratch-resistant sapphire screen and health and fitness monitoring sensors for
lifestyle tracking.

Fashion accessory With the different designs and numerous different straps, the
computer giant is marketing the watch as a fashion accessory as much as a
gadget, a fact reflected in the number of figures from fashion and entertainment
who attended the event, including singers Gwen Stefani and will.i.am and model
Lily Cole.

The new iPhones follow the industry trend of larger screen sizes, with the
iPhone 6 moving to a 4.7-inch screen, compared with the previous generation's
4-inch screen, and an even larger 5.5-inch model, the iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
6 Plus is a so-called "phablet", a device that sits between smartphones and
tablets in terms of screen real estate.

Despite the size appearing unwieldy, Samsung has had considerable success with
the Galaxy Note series of phablets. Both devices are even thinner than the
previous generation iPhone.

The devices will go on sale on Friday, September 19th, in the United States and
select other countries, and before the end of the year in  Ireland, with prices
beginning at $199 (EUR 154) for the iPhone 6 and $299 for the iPhone 6 Plus.
Supply of the iPhone Plus 6 is expected to be constrained at first.

The third major announcement was the launch of Apple Pay, a new service that the
company says "will transform mobile payments with an easy, secure and private
way to pay" by allowing users to pay by simply waving their iPhone or Apple
Watch at a payment terminal.

Apple Pay works with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus through a NFC antenna design, a
chip called the Secure Element, and verification through the finger- recognition
Touch ID button. Apple is partnering with all the major credit card companies
and many major banks, as well as dozens or retailers and food chains such as
Bloomingdale's, Disney Store, Macy's, McDonald's and Subway. Apple Pay will be
US-only at launch.

The event followed the controversy over the theft of celebrities' private images
from the company's iCloud service, which backs up users' photographs and data to
servers, but executives were at pains to confirm that the new Apple Pay service
was even more secure than using credit cards.

The choice of venue was a pointed one - it was at the Flint Centre that Apple
founder Steve Jobs unveiled the first Macintosh computer in January 1984,
changing the shape of computing history in the process.

'Key day for Apple' The echoes of that event could be felt throughout
yesterday's keynote, with Mr Cook beginning the event by recalling that launch:
"It is great to be back in the Flint Centre . . . On this stage, Steve
introduced the Macintosh. Today, we have some amazing products to share with
you, and we think at the end of the day, you will think that this will be a key
day for Apple".

The unprecedented scale of the media presence, with the auditorium packed with
more than 2,000 journalists from around the world, reflected Apple's
determination to regain the perception that it is the most innovative and
influential technology firm in the world.

In recent years, South Korean giant Samsung has successfully eaten into sales of
Apple devices, while Google's various so-called "moonshot" projects, such as
self-driving cars and smartglasses, are in contrast to Apple's lack of entirely
new devices in recent years. Yesterday's launch event will go some way towards
establishing Apple as the technology's leading innovators.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Dialog launches iPhone 6 Plus and 6 in Sri Lanka

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Dec. 5 -- Sri Lanka's only authorised partner network for Apple
iPhone, Dialog Axiata, launches the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 in Sri Lanka
today, dialing a new chapter in the country's premier mobile device offering.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 operates on 4G and users can avail of Sri
Lanka's widest 4G LTE network with Dialog to stay connected on the go. Dialog
also presents the best after sales service with warranty and expert support for
Apple iPhones in Sri Lanka, offering the best complete solution in the country.

Dialog offered the new iPhones for pre-order last week, and received an
overwhelming response with close to 500 orders for both models.

"As the country's only authorized partner network for Apple iPhone, Dialog is
privileged to present the iPhone 6 to Sri Lanka, as we transcend the mobile
device experience with unparalleled best-in-class service. We are committed to
add value to our customers, to surpass their connectivity experience and the
partnership with Apple and the presentation of the official iPhone 6 for the
first time in Sri Lanka is a testimony to this vision," said Lasantha
Thevarapperuma, Head of Business, Mobile Telecommunications of DialogAxiata PLC.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Lots to like in the new iPhone 6 Plus - if you can look past the screen

BYLINE: Comment John Davidson

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 580 words


It looks like Apple was stuck between a rock and South Korea when it came up
with the iPhone 6 Plus.

On the one hand, the company that helped reinvent the smartphone had to catch up
with the world's largest phone maker, Samsung, by making a large phone of its
own. The new iPhone 6 Plus has a 13.97-centimetre screen, the same size as
Samsung's popular Galaxy Note devices from a couple of years ago. (The last two
Notes have had 14.47 centimetre screens, so in that sense, Apple still has a
year and 0.5 centimetres of catching up to do.)

Apple had to try to keep faith with the Apple developer community, which has
churned out 1.3 million apps for iPhones, and which likes the fact there aren't
as many shapes and sizes of the iPhone, compared with Android phones.

So the iPhone 6 Plus has a much-lower resolution than it probably should have, -
400 pixels per 2.5 centimetres, compared with 515 on the Note 4 - which should
make it easier for developers to cope with even if it's not as appealing for
consumers. I mean, why else would Apple allow itself to remain behind in screen
technology, the one issue the iPhone 6 Plus was meant to address, if not for the
sake of ensuring the apps still look OK on the new phone?

Then again, up until a week ago, I would have agreed with Apple that 400 pixels
per inch (2.5 centimetres) was more sharpness than anyone could ever need. But
then I saw the Gear VR, a pair of goggles that turns the Note 4 into a virtual
reality gaming, video watching and educational headset, and I realised why the
South Korean manufacturers have bothered to push past 500 ppi. LG is now at 538
ppi and counting. We're going to be looking at our phones through lenses soon
enough.

Setting the screen to one side, there's plenty to like about the new iPhone.
It's got near-field communication (NFC), just like most high-end Androids have
had for some years, but in Apple's hands the wireless technology promises to be
useful for more than just pairing your phone with your headphones.

Apple's NFC-based payments system, Apple Pay, could one day mean you'll be able
to pay for things just by tapping the phone on a cash register. It's only in the
US at the moment, but it could be a winning feature when it gets to Australia.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have also got enhanced graphics performance, like
the Galaxy Note 4, which Apple says will allow the phones to run console-class
games.

And like the Note 4, the new iPhones will be awash with sensing technology -
built around a new co-processor, which should be able to keep sensing even when
the main processor has gone to sleep, so you'll be able to keep fitness and
health apps running (or at least recording data) without killing your batteries.

Apple has had to play catch-up with Samsung on battery life, but now says it's
made a lot of improvements, so hopefully they'll be able to last a whole day
without a recharge, something that a lot of Apple users say they can't do with
their iPhone 5s. Whether it's enough to catch Samsung's Note 4, which should
offer 1.5 to 2 days of usage on a single charge, and which has a replaceable
battery, remains to be seen.

The smaller iPhone 6 will sell in Australia from September 19 for $869 for the
16GB model, $999 for the 64GB model and $1129 for the new 128GB model. The
iPhone 6 Plus, also due on September 19, will be $999, $1129 and $1249 for the
same storage sizes, respectively.

Telstra, SingTel Optus and Vodafone Australia will release their pricing by
Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Size matters with Samsung, Apple

BYLINE: Ted Kritsonis, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 289 words


When Samsung first launched the Galaxy Note in 2011, its 5.3-inch display was
the largest on any smartphone available in Canada. With the Note 4 about to hit
the market, Apple's iPhone 6 Plus seems to be the most obvious head-to-head
competitor. The 6 Plus is the largest iPhone Apple has released thus far,
sporting a 5.5-inch Retina display and an overall size that dwarfs last year's
flagship iPhone 5s. In contrast, Samsung has pushed the envelope on screen size
continuously with the Note line, yet didn't go bigger than last year's model by
sticking to the same 5.7-inch display, albeit with a higher resolution and pixel
density.

It may be hard for the average user to ascertain what to expect from either
device by looking at their respective specs because it's usually the user
experience and familiarity that build loyalty. The iPhone 6 Plus almost looks
and feels like a smaller sibling to the iPad mini, and along with several
improvements provided by the iOS 8 update, its presence is unlike any other
iPhone to date. The Note 4 is considerably more familiar, mainly because it's an
evolutionary upgrade from its predecessors. Even with a more refined design, it
looks similar from front to back, including the faux plastic leather backing and
the S Pen that still slides out of its holster on the bottom right.

Screen size is arguably the deciding factor for most, and in that, Samsung is no
longer the only game in town. The iPhone 6 Plus is probably the easiest Apple
handset to type on, and now that iOS is open to third-party keyboards, the whole
experience is only sure to improve.

The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $375 on a two-year contract or $859 outright for a
16GB.

Pricing for the Galaxy Note 4 has yet to be revealed.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Composite photo by Ted Kritsonis, WhatsYourTech.ca; As "big phones" go,
Apple's iPhone 6 Plus and the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 are two of the most
conspicuous.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 8, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple wants to produce 200-500 million iPhone 6, 6 Plus and Watch, reports

LENGTH: 200  words


Apple sold 10 million handsets in the first weekend of Iphone 6 and Iphone 6
Plus's debut in the market. It also entered the Chinese and Indian market as it
hit the pre-order status on 7th this month and will go on shelves on the 17th
(ahead of festive season sale in India and new year sale season in China).

In China it has witnessed pre-orders for more than 4.85 million new Apple
handsets, according to the Chinese live tracking website JD.com, reports Cult of
Mac. Though figures of the new iPhone bookings in India are yet to arrive, the
handsets  are sure to make it big in India this year.

Amidst this news DigiTimes (via industry sources) report that the Cupertino
giant has asked chipset suppliers to increase the production of chips for Apple
devices, to churn out up to 200-250 million units of the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Watch.

The report says "Deducting some 30-40 million units of chips for the Apple
Watch, shipments of related chips will be enough for production of over 200
million units of iPhone 6 devices, meeting Apple's goal of shipping the same
amount of iPhone 6 and iPhone6 Plus, said the sources, noting that Apple is
likely to reach the goal much earlier than expected."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 8, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple wants to produce 200-500 million iPhone 6, 6 Plus and Watch, reports

LENGTH: 200  words


Apple sold 10 million handsets in the first weekend of Iphone 6 and Iphone 6
Plus's debut in the market. It also entered the Chinese and Indian market as it
hit the pre-order status on 7th this month and will go on shelves on the 17th
(ahead of festive season sale in India and new year sale season in China).

In China it has witnessed pre-orders for more than 4.85 million new Apple
handsets, according to the Chinese live tracking website JD.com, reports Cult of
Mac. Though figures of the new iPhone bookings in India are yet to arrive, the
handsets  are sure to make it big in India this year.

Amidst this news DigiTimes (via industry sources) report that the Cupertino
giant has asked chipset suppliers to increase the production of chips for Apple
devices, to churn out up to 200-250 million units of the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Watch.

The report says "Deducting some 30-40 million units of chips for the Apple
Watch, shipments of related chips will be enough for production of over 200
million units of iPhone 6 devices, meeting Apple's goal of shipping the same
amount of iPhone 6 and iPhone6 Plus, said the sources, noting that Apple is
likely to reach the goal much earlier than expected."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             People's Review Weekly

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 6 and 6 plus discount

LENGTH: 66  words


Oliz Store has announced attractive offers for Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Issuing a statement, Oliz Store said that iPhone 6 (64GB) is available at Rs
78,000 and iPhone 6 (128GB) at Rs 88,000.

Similarly, Oliz Store has also offered iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) at Rs 78,000. While
iPhone 6 is available in gold, space gray and silver, iPhone 6 Plus is available
in silver colour at the store, it added.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 People's Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 NTNews Edition

At last that 'one more thing'

BYLINE: By ROD CHESTER in Sydney National technology writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple's new varieties full of byte APPLE yesterday launched a war on three
fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable device it hopes
will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the
Cupertino tech company sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores.

The idea of using your phone at the check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the
deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major
American banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take
off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia.

Apple Pay puts Apple in direct competition with services like PayPal and Google
Wallet.

Users will pay by holding a phone close to a contactless reader with their
finger on the touch ID fingerprint system. It's also set to work with the Apple
Watch.

"Apple Pay will forever change the way we pay for things," said Mr Cook. After
years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple Watch
was also unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and to $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word on Australian
availability and pricing.

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US - The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at
night by touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need
recharging is anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

- When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch -
perhaps with an esky and thongs app.

- What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

- Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

- While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples.The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal if not better than the iPhone
5S. Is that going to be good enough?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 NTNews Edition

At last that 'one more thing'

BYLINE: By ROD CHESTER in Sydney National technology writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple's new varieties full of byte APPLE yesterday launched a war on three
fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable device it hopes
will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the
Cupertino tech company sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores.

The idea of using your phone at the check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the
deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major
American banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take
off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia.

Apple Pay puts Apple in direct competition with services like PayPal and Google
Wallet.

Users will pay by holding a phone close to a contactless reader with their
finger on the touch ID fingerprint system. It's also set to work with the Apple
Watch.

"Apple Pay will forever change the way we pay for things," said Mr Cook. After
years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple Watch
was also unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and to $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word on Australian
availability and pricing.

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US - The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at
night by touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need
recharging is anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

- When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch -
perhaps with an esky and thongs app.

- What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

- Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

- While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples.The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal if not better than the iPhone
5S. Is that going to be good enough?

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 NTNews Edition

At last that 'one more thing'

BYLINE: By ROD CHESTER in Sydney National technology writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple's new varieties full of byte APPLE yesterday launched a war on three
fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable device it hopes
will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the
Cupertino tech company sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores.

The idea of using your phone at the check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the
deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major
American banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take
off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia.

Apple Pay puts Apple in direct competition with services like PayPal and Google
Wallet.

Users will pay by holding a phone close to a contactless reader with their
finger on the touch ID fingerprint system. It's also set to work with the Apple
Watch.

"Apple Pay will forever change the way we pay for things," said Mr Cook. After
years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple Watch
was also unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and to $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word on Australian
availability and pricing.

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US - The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at
night by touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need
recharging is anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

- When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch -
perhaps with an esky and thongs app.

- What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

- Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

- While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples.The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal if not better than the iPhone
5S. Is that going to be good enough?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         South East Asian News (India)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to be Available with Celcom, Digi from Tonight

LENGTH: 251 words

DATELINE: KUALA LUMPUR


KUALA LUMPUR, Oct. 15 -- IPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will now be available with
Celcom Axiata Bhd and Digi Telecommunications Sdn Bhd from tonight. The iPhone
6s 16GB of Celcom will be available for RM1,058 from Oct. 16 morning, whereas,
iPhone 6s Plus 16GB will be available at RM1,478.

In addition, the customers will also get a limited period offer of12GB
complimentary data (1GB per month for 12 months). Besides that, iPhone 6, iPhone
6 Plus and iPhone 5s are also available.

According to Digi, an extra RM200 rebate will be offered to customers who
pre-order an iPhone on signing up with a Digi SmartPlan 98. In addition, the
customers who change over to Digi will be saving RM300.

The four main outlets where Celcom customers can purchase iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus are Blue Cube@Sunway Pyramid, Blue Cube Publika, Celcom Centre Taman
Molek, Johor Baru and Blue Cube Elit Avenue Bayan Baru, Penang. Apart from that,
Celcom will also be offering trade-in values for current iPhones.

However, Digi will be conducting various launch events at six Digi Stores around
the country. The stores include SS2, Petaling Jaya; Kuantan, Pahang; Pulau
Tikus, Penang; Danga Bay, Johor; Kuching, Sarawak and Api Api, Sabah. The
customers will be available to make their purchases of the iPhone from these
stores.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from South East Asian News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 23, 2015 Sunday

Apple offering free repairs for faulty iPhone 6 Plus camera

LENGTH: 211  words


By tbreak Staff -

Apple will be offering free repairs for faulty iPhone 6 Plus camera, due to the
recent complaints that have risen up regarding the blurry images.

Apple has stated that a small percentage of their devices have had a faulty
component which leads to the blurry image problem that is faced by some users.
The iPhone 6 Plus models in question were sold primarily between September last
year and January this year. Users can log on to the Apple website where an
online tool can tell you if your device has the faulty parts by entering the
phone's serial number. The online tool also lists nearby authorized sellers or
Apple stores nearby, where the user can drop the phone. Once the phone is
dropped at one of these stores, the users are eligible to a free repair.

The iPhone 6 Plus was released last September along with its sister phone, the
iPhone 6, and were the hottest selling phones during last year and the first
quarter of 2015. The iPhone 6 was renowned for its amazing camera which was also
the prime focus of Apple's 'Shot on iPhone 6' campaign earlier this year.

Apple's iPhone has been a major part of the company's success over the years.
Apple is expected to release the next flagship, Apple iPhone 7, during the IFA
conference coming September.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple's (AAPL) iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales top 10 million in first weekend;
Apple sold a record 10 million iPhones in its first weekend. That's 1 million
more than the iPhone 5 and 5C, and the new iPhones haven't begun selling in
China.

BYLINE: Bryan Cronan Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 438 words


Apple didn't just beat expected sales of the new iPhones, it blew them out of
the water.

Apple announced Monday that it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
phones in its first weekend on the market. That beats the record 9 million
iPhone 5 and 5C sold during the first weekend.

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible."

The new generation of iPhones is an attempt to enter the 'phablet' market. The
screen on the iPhone 6 is 4.7 diagonal inches and 5.5 inches for the iPhone 6
Plus. The previous iPhone 5S and 5C are 4 inches. Many believe that phablets,
phones with a screen that's 5.5 inches or larger, are the future of the phone
industry. In China, the largest cellphone market in the world, 20 percent of all
phones that were sold in 2013 were phablets, according to a study done by the
research firm IDC. The study predicted that the sales for the larger phones will
outpace the sales of laptops.

The sales numbers were on the upper end of what most experts expected. Analysts
anticipated the phone to sell between 6.5 million and the low eight-digits.

The number of iPhones sold over the weekend doesn't include those sold in the
Chinese market. Apple has been forced to delay sales in China until Chinese
regulators approve the new devices.

But that isn't keeping some in China from getting their hands on the new phones.
A black market for the phones in China has sprung up. Resellers are standing
outside Apple stores and promising two-day delivery on a 16-gigabyte iPhone 6
for $1,300 to $2,400, according to Bloomberg.

"It's going to be a while before the new iPhone comes to China officially, so if
you want it now, you have to pay up," reseller Liu Min told Bloomberg. "Give me
a call if you want one."

The sales numbers came as a much needed boost to Apple, which has been in
engulfed in controversy over the leaking of nude celebrity photos. The leaks
caused many to question the security of Apple's devices, though Apple maintains
that its systems are secure.

"Security and privacy are fundamental to the design of all our hardware,
software, and services, including iCloud and new services like Apple Pay," Mr.
Cook wrote in a letter to customers.

The opening weekend sales is a good sign for the new generation of iPhones, and
the numbers will only get better when the phones begin selling in China.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 6, 6 Plus at discounted rate

LENGTH: 101 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, March 17 -- Oliz Store has announced attractive offers for Apple's
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Issuing a statement, Oliz Store said that iPhone 6 (64GB)
is available at Rs 78,000 and iPhone 6 (128GB) at Rs 88,000.

Similarly, Oliz Store has also offered iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) at Rs 78,000. While
iPhone 6 is available in gold, space gray and silver, iPhone 6 Plus is available
in silver color at the store, it added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 20, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone mania Apple fans queue up for hours outside Apple Stores to get hold of
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus

LENGTH: 272  words


It is that time of the year when Apple loyalists line up outside the company's
official store night ahead the launch of the new iPhones, to get their hands on
the new generation iPhones at the earliest. The Cupertino-based tech giant Apple
has today started selling the Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus in retail stores in
many countries. These countries include Australia, US, UK, Canada, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, and Singapore.

As expected, fans queued up for hours outside Apple stores across these
countries in order to become the first to get hold of the new iPhone. David
Rahimi traveled from California to Sydney to be the first in the world to own
the iPhone 6, while Sylvain became the first to get hold of iPhone 6 at the
Apple Store Opera in Paris.

However, what came as a surprise to many lining up outside Apple store in Palo
Alto, California, was the sudden appearance of Tim Cook who decided to visit the
store and took selfies with the fans. Cook was there to Kick off the iPhone 6
sale in the Apple Store. Not just that, he ensured that he get some selfies
clicked with the enthusiastic customers as well as spoke to the employees at the
store.

Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus laong with the Watch at its event
held on Spetmber 9. The company introduced its biggest ever iPhone at the
launch, and luanched it with iOS 8 on-board. The company recently announced that
it has recived record breaking 4-million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 within
first 24 hours. Apple has not confirmed the date of launch of the new iPhones in
India, however it is rumored to come post-Diwali in the country.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

iPhone fever spreads to area

BYLINE: Dennis Seid, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


Sept. 20--TUPELO -- Jody Dill of Mantachie spent 16 hours waiting to buy the
bigger, better, faster Apple iPhone 6, getting to the AT&T Wireless store on
North Gloster Street Thursday afternoon at around 4 p.m.

The store opened at 8 a.m. Friday, and his long wait paid off, as he was able to
buy the sole iPhone 6 Plus available at the store.

"I wanted the white one, but I'm getting the black one today because I didn't
want to wait," he said.

But Michael Cox waited even longer than Dill for his iPhone 6.

The Pontotoc resident was first in line at the nearby Verizon Wireless store,
having secured his spot Wednesday afternoon.

Cox spent two nights keeping occupied playing video games, plugging into the
outside wall socket to keep charged. His wife, Kayla, even brought him food so
he wouldn't lose his spot.

The couple bought three iPhone 6 Plus phones. Michael kept one and the other
went to Kayla.

"It's an anniversary gift for her, plus it's her birthday next week," Michael
said. "So it's a double gift."

The other phone will go to Cox's employee.

Dill and Cox were among hundreds of customers from Northeast Mississippi --
joining millions of others nationwide -- getting Apple's latest iPhone
iteration.

Apple logged more than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus when
they became available online last week. That's twice the volume Apple saw for
the iPhone 5. Analysts predict Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones this
weekend, up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c
last year.

Verizon manager Lori Anne Singleton brought Chick-Fil-A biscuits for the early
risers who waited in line. Her store, like AT&T and the nearby CSpire store,
brought all employees in to work, anticipating a rush of customers.

"This launch has been bigger than any of the previous launches," Singleton said.
"There was a lot of anticipation for it, a lot of buildup."

At CSpire, manager Molly Lovorn said employees were at the store starting at
4:30 Friday morning. The first rush of customers was taken care of within an
hour, and she said she anticipated a sellout before the end of the day.

"This was bigger than the iPhone 5 launch because it's the biggest enhancement
since the 4S," she said. "And the 4S was big because it was the first time that
we (C Spire) got to work with Apple to sell the iPhone."

The wireless carriers also were selling accessories like phone covers, opening
another revenue stream since the 6 is larger than the 5.

Verizon's Singleton said pre-orders for the 6, which started a week earlier,
were "pretty big" as well. With that in mind, she anticipated a large turnout
Friday and even bought Chick-Fil-A biscuits to feed the first few customers.

"We want to keep it festive, keep it fun," she said, as red and white balloons
decorated the Verizon showroom, which also had music playing in the background.
"This is a big day."

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299. The phones offer sharper
displays, improved battery life and an upgraded camera, Apple has said. In
addition, the phones are equipped with Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that
allows users to buy items in stores with a wave of their phones.

dennis.seid@journalinc.com

___ (c)2014 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-TP-iPhone-fever-spreads-to-area-0920-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2014 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Ooredoo holds special event for iPhone 7 launch in Qatar

LENGTH: 241  words


At the launch event, Ooredoo delivered the new iPhone for every customer who had
pre-ordered.


Ooredoo has held a special event in Doha to mark the launch of the iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus in Qatar.


The event, held in Al-Majlis Hall at Sheraton Doha Resort & Convention Hotel,
began at midnight on Friday and continued until 4am yesterday.
At the event, Ooredoo "was able to deliver the cutting-edge iPhone for every
customer who had pre-ordered, living up to its reputation for reliability and
advanced technology," the company said in a press statement yesterday.
Customers can now purchase the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus both in retail shops
and online at www.ooredoo.qa
The "best and most advanced iPhone ever" features an all-new advanced camera
system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10
Fusion chip, which is the "most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering
the best battery life ever in an iPhone", the statement noted.
The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus come in Jet Black, Black, Silver, Gold and Rose Gold,
and customers can choose between a 32GB, 128GB or 256GB model. Prices start at
QR2,799 for the iPhone 7 and QR3,199 for the iPhone 7 Plus.
The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the "biggest release ever
of the world's most advanced mobile operating system". iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/60/183/37/147480228374.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2016 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple pull update as iPhone 6 criticism continues

LENGTH: 588  words


APPLE INC has pulled back an update to its new operating system as the company
continue to receive criticism over their new iPhone6 and 6 Plus products.

The record-selling phones have been slammed over their bendability dubbed
"bendgate" on social media and users have complained about a drop in cellular
service and inability to use the fingerprint-reading Touch ID.

Apple have now issued a guide to manually reverse the update they provided on
Wednesday which invloves connecting the phone to a Mac or Windows computer and
downloading a file to restore the older software.

The company had begun distributing the update on Wednesday morning to fix
several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
Hours later, it pulled the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after people complained it
rendered their phones unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature
that lets people unlock their phones with their fingerprint.

Users are still able to upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS 8,
which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of

all iOS devices. Apple said it will release iOS 8.0.2 soon to address both last
week's glitches and the new ones.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It's not uncommon for new software to
contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.

The problems come as Apple shares fell by 1.1 per cent at $100.65 in premarket
trading on Thursday.

Social media and online forums are buzzing with comment about how the new phones
can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans.

Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after
several hours in a trouser pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is
slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.

The phones' lightweight aluminium shell is more malleable than expected but this
may not qualify as a design flaw, some analysts said.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"break-ability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
extended-protection plans for electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of bending
circulated online, two staff mermbers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6 Plus
phones. The male staff member was able to duplicate the results from the video,
while the female staff member could not. He said the bent phone appeared to
still function normally.

Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," said Shay, "but it
seems like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added, "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the reports of bending. However, rival smartphone
makers have tried to take advantage of Apple's problems. Samsung released an
advertisement showcasing a bending phone against its own product, while
Blackberry Chief Executive John Chen said: "I would challenge you guys to bend
our Passport."

Apple said on Monday it had already shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6
Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus might be banned in China

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


NEW DELHI: In another setback for Apple in China, the country's intellectual
property authority has ruled that the the company's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets
have infringed design patents of a Chinese OEM. The Cupertino-based tech giant
might be asked to stop sales of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the country.Beijing
Intellectual Property Office declared that both the iPhones infringe on patent
rights owned by Shenzhen-based firm Baili. The regulator ruled that Apple's
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets are an exact copy of Baili's 100C phone.

Apple is yet to release an official statement on this claim."Baili is just
another smartphone brand in China. The patent reportedly belongs to Xu Guoxiang.
Meanwhile, Apple can appeal the ruling. "Apple can try to stave off a sales ban
by appealing in several venues, including the Beijing Higher People's Court and
the Supreme People's Court. If the position by the Beijing IP office is upheld
and Apple doesn't appeal further, then in theory they wouldn't be able to sell
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Bird and Bird partner and IP specialist Ted
Chwu said in a Bloomberg report .In April, Apple's iTunes Movies and iBooks
service were banned in the country on demand from the State Administration of
Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television.The two Apple services competed
directly with Chinese firms. According to the New York Times, the official
scrutiny might be driven by government's desire to support domestic companies.
In May, Chinese court ruled against Apple in a case it brought against a small
maker of "iPhone"-branded leather goods. Manufacturer Xintong Tiandi registered
the word as a trademark for use on leather goods in 2007 and has been producing
wallets, handbags and phone cases emblazoned with it ever since.The Beijing
municipal higher people's court reportedly ruled that Apple had failed to prove
that the iPhone brand was "familiar to the public and widely known" in China
before the leather company registered it.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

1,800 iPhone 6 off city shelves in 6 days;
Customers with new iPhone 6 phones as their Diwali purchases

BYLINE: Niyati Parikh-Deshpande

LENGTH: 188  words


Customers with new iPhone 6 phones as their Diwali purchases

Ahmedabad: City's Apple fans are going all out to ensure that they get iPhone 6
handsets as soon as possible. In just six days since it was officially launched
here, around 1800 handsets (both models) have been sold. Of these, 70 % are
iPhone 6 while the rest are iPhone 6 plus. Besides, around 200 bookings made
along with full payment in advance, are pending with retailers in the city.

Owner of Apple 'n' Berry, an iPhone retail shop in Ahmedabad said that they have
sold around 110 phones so far, out of which 50 were sold on the first day
itself.

City-based retailer Raj Panjri said, "We have sold around 70 handsets (both
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus). Both the phones are available in variants of 16, 64
and 128 GB. There is a huge demand for this new Apple device as we have a
booking of around 250 handsets so far, on full advance payment."

When asked which model is most in demand, Panjri said, "The iPhone 6 plus 128GB
is the most sold/ booked model so far, despite being the most expensive in the
range at Rs80,500."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 2:04 PM GMT

iPhone 6s rumours suggest new Apple smartphone will feature motion wallpaper as
release date nears;
The rumour has been sparked by a leaked image of the supposed packaging for
Apple's iPhone 6 smartphone

BYLINE: By Jon Livesey

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 609 words


The soon-to-be-unveiled iPhone 6s will include a motion wallpaper feature.

At least that's according to rumours sparked by a leaked picture of the
packaging for Apple's latest smartphone.

The image, which has emerged via website MacX ahead of today's official launch,
is similar to pictures of the apparent iPhone 6s Plus box, which were shared
last month.

Like the iPhone 6s Plus box, it features a koi-like fish against a white
surface.

And, according to macrumours.com, it has given rise to yet more rumours that the
updated handsets will include a motion wallpaper feature.

It is thought that the motion backgrounds will be similar to the dynamic
wallpapers introduced by Apple with iOS 7 and resemble those on the Apple Watch.

Sources suggest images will include impressive and detailed scenes ranging from
fish in a koi pond to different coloured smoke clouds.

Is this a tantalising glimpse of the iPhone 6s?

Tantalizing glimpse of iPhone 6s or 7 leaked online

The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus smartphones are expected to be unveiled at a
launch event later today.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time. For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple is also set to unveil a king-size, 12.9in iPad and a 12.2ins iPad Air Plus
to take on Microsoft's 12ins Surface Pro 3. A cheaper gold Apple Watch is also
on the cards.

The tech giant will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch via the Mirror.co.uk stream HERE from 7pm.

Here are the rest of the rumoured iPhone announcements and features:

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch.

According to pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the
iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Bigger iPhones are leading to tablet neglect

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 343 words


If you are one of the 39 million consumers that have so far snapped up one of
Apple's new larger iPhones, chances are that your iPad has started to gather
dust.

Pocket, the app that allows users to save articles and videos for later
consumption, has been analyzing its own app data to see if the launch of Apple
smartphones with larger screens is changing their owners' behavior.

After checking over 2 million uses of its app, it found that people who own both
a new iPhone and an iPad are going to their tablets less and less.

For example, Pocket app users that own an iPhone 5 or 5S and an iPad go to their
phone 55 percent of the time to retrieve an article or video saved in Pocket and
to the tablet 45 percent of the time. However, iPhone 6 Plus owners, who are in
possession of a phone with a 5.5-inch display, are now consuming this saved
content 80 percent of the time on their handsets and only 20 percent of the time
on their iPad.

Pocket also found that the bigger the phone's screen, the bigger the chance that
videos are going to be viewed -- iPhone 6 Plus owners open nearly 40 percent
more video in Pocket than iPhone 5 or 5S owners and 16 percent more than iPhone
6 owners.

Bigger phones also mean being able to leave the tablet at home -- over a given
weekend, iPhone 6 Plus users viewed 67 percent more content on their phone than
those with a smaller iPhone.

However, Pocket also noted that not all content is devoured in greater
quantities when the user has access to a laager handset -- iPhone 6 Plus owners
read 22 percent less in the mornings compared with iPhone 5, 5S or iPhone 6
owners. Pocket suggests that this is because a larger device is much harder to
hold with one hand while traveling on public transport.

As a result, Apple device owners are starting to fall in line with their Android
counterparts where average display sizes have historically been larger than
those on the iPhone. Pocket's data shows that when a user has both an Android
phone and an Android tablet, 80 percent of saved content is viewed or read via
their handset.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 to take longer to land in India, might miss the Diwali sale
season

LENGTH: 201  words


It might come as a disappointment to those awaiting the launch of the Apple
Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus in India, that Apple could have pushed the launch
date of its new generation iPhone to November. Apple first flashed September 26
as the launch date of its new gen iPhones in India, however soon postponed it to
October 17, which was the Friday before Diwali. A few days later, the company
pulled even that information from its website, which left us speculating the
date of launch of the new iPhones.

Now, Indian Express is reporting that the company might even miss Diwali launch
of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, and further push the launch to mid November in
India.

Apple has already received record-breaking pre-orders for its new iPhones, and
due to the excessive demand has stretched the delivery period of these
pre-orders till October. In such a case, it could be difficult for the company
to set a time frame for the launch of its new iPhones in India. Currently, there
is no information on the Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch date on its
India website.

The report also adds that these iPhones could be launched at price ranging from
INR 55,000 to INR 60,000, though nothing is confirmed as yet.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple unveils new phones and technology

LENGTH: 360 words


At the iPhone keynote, Apple unveiled two new iPhones, a new mobile payment
system and the company's foray into wearable technology.

By Barry Eitel

CUPERTINO, California

All eyes were on Apple Tuesday as the company gave its iPhone keynote - a
presentation that has become an annual event in Silicon Valley since the late
Steve Jobs introduced the original iPhone in 2007.

Current CEO Tim Cook took the stage in Cupertino, California, Apple's
headquarters, to introduce the new iPhones - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The new smartphones' screens are massive compared to the
4-inch iPhone 5S released last fall (screen sizes are measured diagonally). The
6 Plus is clearly in the "phablet," portmanteau of "phone" and "tablet,"
category that Apple competitor Samsung has ruled for years.

As far as design is concerned, Apple is rounding out its iPhone. The glass front
curves seamlessly into the anodized aluminum enclosure, leaving no distinct
edges. Apple claims that the strong glass screen was created using a "precision
polishing process."

The iPhone 6 Plus contains an eye-popping 2 megapixel display, which is 185
percent more pixels than the 5S. The regular iPhone 6 has a 1 megapixel display,
still very impressive for a smartphone.

Inside, the phones have an A8 processor that runs 25 percent faster than the
previous model - which is 50 times faster than the original iPhone.

Apple also revealed Apple Pay - a mobile payment system that has been rumored
over the past few weeks. The company is partnering with Visa, MasterCard and
Discover for the project, which allows iPhone 6 users to pay for purchases by
simply swiping their smartphone over a reader. Apple says more than 200,000
retailers are adopting the system.

In his first "one more thing" moment, a tantalizing tactic often employed by
Jobs to introduce groundbreaking new tech, Cook showcased Apple Watch, the
company's exciting new foray into wearable tech. Apple's smartwatch collection
features a dedicated interface and a focus on fitness and health.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be available Sept.19 while Apple Watch will go on
sale early next year.

www.aa.com .tr/en

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2014 Andolu Ajansi
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Apple increases iPhone prices in India

BYLINE: Anupam Saxena

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


NEW DELHI: About a week post the union budget, Apple has increased prices of all
its smartphones in India by up to Rs 2,500. Following the increase, iPhone 5S
will now start at Rs 47,000, iPhone 6 at Rs 56,000 and iPhone 6 Plus at Rs
65,000.

The development was first reported by Fonearena. TOI Tech has independently
verified the hike through Apple's retail channel partners who confirmed it.
However, an Apple spokesperson refused to confirm the move.

The hike comes after the Indian government proposed an increase in excise duty
on mobile phones imported into India to 12.5% from existing 6%, as part of its
attempts to push local manufacturing, in the union budget.

The 32GB variant of iPhone 5S will now be available at Rs 51,500(old price - Rs
49500). iPhone 6 16GB gets a Rs 2,500 hike while its 64GB will now cost Rs 65000
(old price - Rs 62,500) and the 128GB version will set you back by Rs 74,000(old
price - Rs 71,500).

The iPhone 6 Plus will now cost Rs 65,000 for 16GB, Rs 74,000 for 64GB and Rs
83,000 for 128GB models, a hike of Rs 2,500.

iPhone 6, Apple's first big-screen smartphone, sports a 4.7-inch HD (1334x750p)
display and is powered by A8 processor and 1GB RAM. The smartphone runs on iOS 8
and has an 8MP iSight camera that features phase detection and can take 43MP
panorama photos.

iPhone 6 Plus, the company's first phablet, has a 5.5-inch (1920x1080p) display,
and like iPhone 6 is powered by A8 processor and 1GB RAM and runs on iOS 8. It
also features an 8MP camera with optical image stabilization and packs a
2,915mAh battery.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the thinnest smartphones Apple has made yet.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Smart, Globe launching iPhone 6 in mid-November

BYLINE: Chrisee Jalyssa V. Dela Paz

SECTION: Pg. S1/5

LENGTH: 335 words


RIVAL telecommunications providers Smart Communications, Inc. and Globe Telecom,
Inc. will start offering the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Nov. 14 for their
respective postpaid plans, the companies said in separate statements late
Wednesday.

Smart said in its statement that customers can pre-order iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus starting Nov. 7 and will offer the new handsets starting Nov. 14,
simultaneously with Globe.

The two telecommunication companies launched pre-order pages for these devices
on their respective sites.

The corporate wireless arm of Smart said last month that it expects the release
of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to help support the growth in the Philippine
smartphone penetration, expanding the data market in turn.

Jovy I. Hernandez, Smart Enterprise sales and marketing head, said in an
interview on the sidelines of the Asian CEO Summit last month that the company
expects to increase its data revenue "as long as there's still growth in the
smartphone market."

"The more smartphone penetration there is, there should (also) be growth for
data revenue," he said, noting that 30% to 35% of Filipinos now use smartphones.

As a partner of Apple, Inc., Smart plans to offer postpaid data plans together
with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Mr. Hernandez said.

In the first half, Smart, along with Sun Cellular, another wireless affiliate of
Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co. (PLDT), posted combined revenue growth of
14% year on year from their postpaid businesses to P10.4 billion.

Globe Telecom, meanwhile, posted strong second-quarter and first-half profit
growth on the back of the company's modernization activities and increase in
subscribers. Net profit grew to P3.9 billion in the second quarter from P754
million a year earlier.

On Wednesday, PLDT shares ended trading at P3,158, down P34 or 1.07%; while
Globe closed at P1,670 apiece, up P12 or 0.72%.

Hastings Holdings, Inc., a unit of PLDT Beneficial Trust Fund subsidiary
MediaQuest Holdings, Inc., has a majority stake in BusinessWorld.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Zain KSA offers latest range of Apple models

LENGTH: 209 words


Zain

RIYADH: Zain KSA has launched iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, described as the best,
most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and
water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 fusion chip, which is
the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life
ever in an iPhone.
Customers can order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now at retail shops and online.
Both were made available to pick up at Zain retail stores from Saturday.
Zain customers who purchase iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will enjoy a great mobile
experience on its advanced 4G LTE network, with features, including VoLTE and
WiFi Calling, which are stated to be only available on Zain in the Kingdom and
elsewhere in the Middle East.
Customers who subscribe to Zain's Xtra package can get iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus at unbeatable prices with a wide range of benefits, including 1TB of data,
2,400 local call minutes, 300 international call minutes and 512 MB of roaming
data.
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus,
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/96/147478333717.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Apple cuts prices of latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus by up to 16% in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 488 words


NEW DELHI: Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to
16 per cent just two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales
in what is historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship
devices nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at Rs 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16 per cent and now ranges between Rs 52,000 and Rs
55,000, according to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of
anonymity. The price cuts are across all variants - 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB - of
both models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
devices between launch time and now is about 15 per cent, a top executive at a
national retailer said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers. "The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000, about Rs
8,000-Rs 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models wereRs
14,000-Rs 16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and Hong
Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62 per cent to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting at Rs 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Latest iPhone models avaliable at Mobily shops

LENGTH: 188 words


Mohammed Al-Belwe

RIYADH: Mobily started offering iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, described as the
best, most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system,
dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 fusion chip,
from Saturday. The chip is claimed as the most powerful chip on any smartphone
while delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone.
Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available at Mobily retail shops.
"Mobily is committed to offering customers innovative and unprecedented
services, including prepaid and postpaid packages that take advantage of our
fast 4G network," said Mobily's Executive General Manager of Corporate
Communications Mohammed Al-Belwe.
"With the launch of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Mobily, we are continuing that
legacy by offering these incredible smartphones to our valued customers," he
added.
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, "the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system."
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/91/147478333811.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

iPhone Launch a Much Bigger Affair This Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 502 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as partners,
pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a blockbuster and
build on the record 1.7 million unit sales it posted in its last fiscal year in
the world's fastest growing market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant has begun forging
partnerships with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October
16, compared to previous instances when operator plans have come out months
later. The tie-ups, as well the move to start selling in India much earlier that
it usually does after a global launch, underscores the growing importance of a
smartphone market which is set to overtake the US as the world's second largest
by 2017.

According to sources aware of the tieups, both telcos will offer Apple's new
devices on their retail counters and could offer deals such as EMI schemes and
possibly data bundling. The iconic smartphone maker is looking to rapidly add to
the 1.7 million units it sold in its financial year which ended September 2015,
according to Counterpoint Research data. This meant a sharp 55% jump from the
nearly 1.1 million devices it sold in its previous fiscal year. Apple didn't
comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16, 2015," a Vodafone India spokesperson said
and added that customers can pre-register iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus beginning
October 9 on the company's website.

After pre-registration, custom

ers would become eligible for buying the phones through an ecommerce partner or
at Vodafone's retail outlets, depending on the customer's choice, sources added.

Customers buying at retail outlets are likely to be offered data and voice
plans, which can be with or without monthly installments, a second person said.
Vodafone India, however, did not share details on iPhone plans for customers.

The telco had in January announced a tie-up in January this year, around two
months after the then Apple flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in
October 2014. It had introduced tariff plans based on installments for iPhone
4s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s and well as the then latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Bharti Airtel, on its part, is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be
finalized shortly , a company official said.

The country's largest telco which is heavily advertising its 4G services in
India, "would want to offer the 4G (high-speed broadband services) on iPhone6s
and iPhone 6s Plus," the company official added, indicating 4G data schemes
could be offered as part of a bundling package.

"Apart from this we can also expect plans related to device upgrade at the end
of 12 months cycle, as now we have significant user base of Apple in India who
is willing to shift to new iPhones year after year," said Tarun Pathak, senior
analyst at Hong Kong based Counterpoint Research told ET.

Analysts say last year was by far the strongest performance of Apple in India
yet.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

The iPhone hype is deserved

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 821 words


Blayne Slabbert offers some advice on how to choose between the two latest
iPhones.

--------------------

THE NEW PHONES iPhone 6 (4.7 inch)

16GB ($999), 64GB ($1149), 128GB ($1299)

iPhone 6 Plus (5.5 inch)

16GB ($1149), 64GB ($1299), 128GB ($1449)

Both phones come in silver, gold or space grey

The above prices are what you'll pay outright for the phones; all the NZ
networks offer contract deals

--------------------

IT'S the little things that can sometimes make the biggest difference,
especially when it comes to technology.

The new iPhones are no different. There are hundreds of incremental changes to
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, each making them a little bit easier to use than
earlier models.

It could be the fact that the screen is no longer affected by polarised sunglass
lenses or that apps now have cursor keys to making writing easier.

Or it may be how the rounded edges of the screen make swiping feel just right,
or the cool slow- motion effect available when shooting a video.

But the changes also make it tricky to decide not only whether you should
upgrade your current iPhone, but to which model.

Firstly, these phones are excellent. Critics have raved about them and they are
probably the best high-end phone available right now.

But that doesn't mean you should buy one. Here's some advice depending on what
type of user you are and what features you like.

Which model should I get?

It depends. I think the iPhone 6 is the best the company has made. Its 4.7-inch
screen is so much easier to read than previous 4-inch models and it's easy to
use with one hand.

If you are a first-time smartphone buyer, you will not be disappointed. If you
already own an iPhone, you'll love the iPhone 6. You'll forget about your
current small, chunky phone in a matter of minutes.

The iPhone Plus is for the power user. If you are a multimedia mavin and consume
a lot of movies and television and take plenty of photos and videos then this
could be for you. The 5.5-inch screen looks fantastic and its size means you can
easily read a digital magazine on it.

The other reason is if you do a lot of writing on your phone. The new landscape
view lets you work on multiple emails at once. No more saving one as draft
before opening another. It makes an ideal work tool and could mean you leave
your iPad at home.

Is it worth upgrading from my current iPhone?

If you have an iPhone 4 or 4S then, yes, it's time to upgrade. You will notice a
significant difference in speed and lightness and an improved camera. Also,
iOS8, the latest mobile operating system, will not work on an iPhone 4 and the
4S will struggle.

If you have an iPhone 5 or 5S then only fans should upgrade. Those models are
still great phones and will do nearly everything these phones can do.

What capacity should I get?

The safe option is to go for the 64GB model. It means you won't have to
micromanage your phone's storage and 64GB will give you plenty of room for
photos, music and some videos.

There is no need for a 128GB model unless you are a movie fan and plan to
download and watch lots of videos.

Also, with iCloud Drive, Apple's cloud storage option, you can get 200GB of
storage for $4.99 a month.

I'm an Android fan, should I switch to iPhones?

If you were ever considering making the switch, now is the time. If you held
back before there are no more excuses - you have a bigger screen and the
operating system has many of the features previously only available on Android,
such as being able to install different keyboards.

Would these suit an older user?

There are many phones to choose from but if you are committed to one of the new
iPhones then they do have a few features that may appeal, including the ability
to have a zoom view on the phone.

This increases the size of images and text in all apps. In addition, you can
also increase the size of the text to make it even more readable.

This is accentuated even more with the 6 Plus and means things like the keyboard
are quite big and easy to use.

What's the battery life like?

Better than previous models. Both phones should get you through a day and a bit
with the Plus having the bigger and longer-lasting battery of the two.

Is the camera any good?

Yes. It takes excellent photos with improved focusing the biggest difference.
Also, expect to see a flood of slow-motion videos soon as that function is a
great feature of the phone.

Are there any problems I should know about?

Several videos of people showing how easy it was to bend the iPhone Plus were
put on YouTube. Apple later said it had received only nine complaints about the
problems so I wouldn't worry about it.

The writer was loaned two iPhones to review by Apple.

Blayne Slabbert is the technology editor for Fairfax NZ. You can follow him on
Twitter@bslabbert or email blayne.slabbert@fairfaxmedia.co.nz

--------------------

CAPTION:

Take your pick: The iPhone 6, right, and its big brother, the Plus, went on sale
in New Zealand last week.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple EPS, Sales Gains Accelerate On iPhones; 39.3 Mil Smartphones Sold; Holiday
revenue target above Wall St. forecast as iPhone 6 demand hot

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 523 words


BY PATRICK SEITZ

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY

Apple trounced Wall Street forecasts late Monday due to red-hot sales of its
iPhone 6 smartphones and Mac computers. The tech titan also guided sales
estimates higher for the holiday quarter.

For its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 27, Apple earned $1.42 a share, up 20%
from a year earlier and topping analysts' consensus forecast by 11 cents.

Sales rose 12% to $42.1 billion, easily beating the target of $39.88 billion. It
was Apple's strongest revenue growth in seven quarters.

Shares of Apple rose nearly 2% in late trading. The stock ended the regular
session up 2% to 99.76.

Apple sold 39.3 million iPhones in Q4, up 12% vs. a year earlier, and clearing
analysts' goal of 37.5 million. The quarter included just nine days of sales of
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, with some models supply-constrained.

The iPhone business generated sales of $23.7 billion, or 56% of Apple's total
revenue in its Q4.

"Demand for the new iPhones has been staggering," CEO Tim Cook said on a
conference call with analysts. Apple ended Q4 with a "significant backlog" of
orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, he said. Demand for the iPhone 6 is
"markedly higher" than for the iPhone 5 S and 5 C last fall.

The iPhone 6 series phones are now available in 32 countries and should reach 69
countries by the end of October and 115 by the end of calendar 2014, Cook said.

Apple's iPad business disappointed, with 12.3 million units sold vs. forecasts
for 13 million. That was a 13% drop vs. Q4 2013, the third straight
year-over-year decline. Apple unveiled new iPad models this month.

The Real Big Mac

But Macs had a stronger-than-expected back-to-school season. Apple sold 5.5
million Macs, up 21% from a year ago and beating Wall Street's target of 4.8
million.

Mac sales generated nearly 17% of total Q4 revenue, topping the declining iPads,
which fell to 13% of revenue. Mac sales reached their highest quarterly market
share since 1995, Cook said.

Apple's gross profit margin was 38% vs. 37% a year earlier. For the December
fiscal Q1, Apple sees a 37.5% to 38.5% margin.

Apple is targeting sales of $65 billion at the midpoint of its guidance,
compared with analyst expectations for $63.52 billion.

It did not specify an earnings-per-share target, but Wall Street has been
modeling for EPS of $2.40, up 16% year-on-year.

Apple is at the beginning of a "super cycle," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian
White said, citing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Pay and the upcoming
Apple Watch smartwatch.

On Monday, Apple launched its Apple Pay digital wallet service for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus owners to make retail purchases with a touch of their phone.

Piper Jaffray tested Apple Pay at three participating retailers -- McDonald's,
Walgreen and Whole Foods Market.

"We were able to complete transactions without issue," Piper Jaffray analyst
Gene Munster said in a report. "The one hurdle was funding of Apple Pay was
limited to eight eligible banks, which could limit the experience for customers
of non-participating banks. Apple will update the list of banks as added.
Overall, the experience was as simple as advertised."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       Qatar News Agency (QNA) (English)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Ooredoo to Offer iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in Qatar

LENGTH: 179  words


Doha, September 09 (QNA) -Ooredoo today announced it will offer iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new
advanced camera system, dust and water resistant design, stereo speaker system
and the A10 Fusion chip which is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone.

Customers can preorder iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday, 16 September
and both will be available in retail shops and online at ooredoo.qa. The iPhone
7 and iPhone 7s will be compatible with Ooredoo&rsquo;s latest Supernet
enhancement- Category 9 LTE-Advanced Standard, which enables customers to access
download speeds of up to 325Mbps. Ooredoo has a range of data plans available
for all budgets, ranging from QR 3 daily for 150MB on Hala, to QR 500 for
unlimited Shahry monthly data.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world&rsquo;s most advanced mobile operating system. iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available. (QNA)

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1281


                        Copyright 2016 Qatar News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Answers to Questions About Apple's Announcements, Including the Watch and iPhone
6

BYLINE: NICOLE PERLROTH

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1749 words



HIGHLIGHT: We try to answer your pressing questions about Apple&#8217;s new line
of products. It doesn&#8217;t look good for left-handed watches.


Updated | There had been weeks of rumors and speculation about what Apple would
announce. On Tuesday, we got a glimpse of the company's new offerings, which
included two bigger versions of the iPhone, as well as a smartwatch, dubbed
Apple Watch.

During the announcement, readers submitted their questions on everything from
how Apple's new payment system will work to when the new phones would be
available.

Below are responses to select questions, answered by Times reporters and
editors:

Q.

Keith from Denver asks, "Is there a left-handed version of the watch, with the
crown on the left side of the watch?"

A.

The Apple event only featured watches for right-handed users and we may not know
definitively if there will be a left-handed watch until it becomes available
early next year. Apple co-founder Steven P. Jobs was ambidextrous so one would
hope Apple would cater to lefties as well, but an Apple employee tells us there
is currently no left-handed version.

Q.

Several readers asked about the pricing for non-contract, unlocked phones.

A.

The new iPhone pricing presented by Apple today featured the cost of the devices
when combined with a two-year cellular service contract. The iPhone 6 starts at
$199 and goes to $299 and $399 depending on memory. The $199 offers 16 GB of
memory; the $299 offers 64 GB of memory and the $399 model has 128 GB of memory,
double the previous maximum of 64 GB. The iPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a
two-year contract for 16 GB of storage and is $399 and $499 for 64 GB and 128 GB
of storage, respectively.

Non-contract phones are significantly more expensive. Without a contract, the
iPhone 6 costs $649 for 16 GB; $749 for 64 GB; and $849 for 128 GB. Without a
contract, the iPhone 6 Plus costs $749, $849 and $949.

Both devices will become available on Sept. 19, and can be preordered on Sept.
12.

Q.

A reader asks, "As a petite woman I find that my old iPhone 4 is the maximum
size that will fit in many of my pants pockets. The 5 is really stretching
things (literally). Will Apple continue to provide smaller phones for smaller
people? Would the health tracking features of the 6 work if the phone is in a
bag rather than a pocket? Would I look like a kid trying on mommy's watch even
with the smaller iWatch?"

A.

Unfortunately for us petite women, it doesn't appear Apple is going to make
smaller phones any time in the near future. They will, however, continue to sell
the iPhone 5C, but as my colleague Brian X. Chen reports, Apple is catering to
the growing appetite for bigger smartphones.

IDC, the research firm, estimates that at least 20 percent of all smartphones
shipped last year in China, the world's largest smartphone market, were five
inches or larger. IDC predicts that manufacturers this year will ship more
"phablets"- smartphones with screens measuring more than 5.5 inches diagonally -
than laptops.

To deal with concerns that a bigger phone will make typing with one hand
difficult, some changes to the design of the iPhones' user interface will allow
people to type or use apps with just one hand; there will be a one-handed mode
that can be switched on and off, two employees said.

As for the Apple watch, the watch case ranges from 38 mm to 42 mm, or about the
size of a quarter and postage stamp.

Q.

Similarly, a reader in New York asks, "What are the actual dimensions of the new
phones? I'm trying to get a sense of how tall/ wide they are. For example, I am
trying to assess if the 5.5" iPhone 6 Plus will be comfortable to hold!"

A.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are thinner and larger than the previous iPhone 5
models. Compared with the iPhone 5S display, which measures 4 inches diagonally,
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus measure 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches diagonally,
respectively.

Q.

Tess asks, "Do I need to carry my iPhone with me if I'm using the watch? Or is
it independent of the watch?"

A.

Good question. Apple was pretty vague in its announcement. The Apple Watch pairs
with the newer iPhones - including the iPhone 5, 5S, 5C and iPhone 6 - and pass
information back and forth. If you don't have your iPhone with you, basic watch
functions like time and health and fitness tracking will work, but users will
have limited functionality without their iPhones as far as messaging, music and
other features.

Q.

A reader in Portland, Oregon asks, "Any sense of why Apple Pay won't launch
until October?"

A.

Since Apple Pay appears to only work with the latest versions of the iPhone -
the 6 and 6 Plus - the delay is likely to give the phone time to propagate
throughout the market and possibly also to give its merchant partners like
Disney and Whole Foods time to implement the necessary near-field communication
terminals and payment systems.

Q.

@nicoleperlroth @nytimes @nytimesbits What was in the big box/building outside
Flint Center? - Suzanne Khan (@NDcarTwit)9 Sep 14

A.

Bono, apparently.

Q.

Chris from Connecticut writes, "What ever happened with all the talk about
sapphire screens?"

A.

So, about those sapphire screens. One publication reported that the new iPhone 6
models would incorporate sapphire screens that would be harder to shatter than
glass. Not so. The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are made with old-fashioned glass.
However, the displays for the most basic Apple Watch and Watch Edition models
will be protected by polished sapphire crystal. Apple chose the material
because, next to diamond, it is the hardest transparent material on earth. The
Apple Watch Sport, however, will be protected by Ion-X glass, which is lighter
and makes more sense for running and other exercise.

Q.

David from New Jersey asks: "Does the new watch allow for NFC transactions?
There's a Passbook App on the watch, but the keynote was blank about it. If the
watch does do NFC transactions, will it work with older iPhones. For example, if
someone has an iPhone 5C or 5S, could they do NFC via the watch?"

A.

The iPhone 6 models and the new watches support near-field communication, or
NFC, which allows devices to send information wirelessly over very short
distances. Apple teamed up with American Express, Mastercard and Visa to support
the NFC payment system, so that iPhone users can use their phone as a digital
wallet.

Apple Pay will only work with the iPhone 5 models if the user has one of the
newer watches, but won't work until the watches are available early next year.

Security experts are cheering Apple's move to NFC because it incorporates the
chip-based smart card standard known as EMV - for Europay-Mastercard-Visa - the
companies that first backed the technology. Security gurus say EMV is more
secure than the magnetic strips on credit cards, because it uses a unique code
for each purchase, making it exceedingly difficult - albeit not impossible -for
hackers to use stolen card numbers for future purchases, or to counterfeit
cards.

The influx of NFC-enabled iPhones could help jump-start mobile payments, which
has yet to take off. Google released a digital wallet in 2011 with little
success. And the unfortunately named Isis - a mobile wallet backed by three
major carriers which was recently renamed Softcard - never caught on either.

Q.

Jordan Moore in Los Angeles, "Does the watch have an altimeter, like FitBit One,
so you know how many flights of stairs or their equivalent you've climbed?"

A.

Apple did not specifically mention an altimeter. The company only said the watch
will include all the capabilities of an all-day fitness tracker and a highly
advanced sports watch. Here's what Apple said it will measure specifically: An
accelerometer that measures total body movement, a heart rate sensor, and an
Activity app which shows how often you've stood up. The watch will use the GPS
and Wi-Fi in your iPhone to track how far you've moved.

Q.

Sam from Boston writes, "Is watch water resistant or waterproof? They didn't
mention it, but if a $350 device I'm supposed to wear all day and through
workouts isn't, it seems like a deal breaker."

A.

Apple did not mention whether its new watches will be water resistant or
waterproof, but if Apple ads featuring hot models dripping sweat onto their new
Apple Watch are any indication, then one hopes they will be! Otherwise, some
models just broke a lot of brand new Apple Watches.

Q.

John from New York writes, "What's the anticipated timing of a refresh on the
iPad line? Is it reasonable to expect something before the 2014 holiday season?
Thanks!"

A.

Apple typically upgrades their iPads once a year. The company has not upgraded
the iPad since last October, so the rumor is we can expect an iPad upgrade
before the holiday season.

Q.

Jon C from Albuquerque, New Mexico asks, "Will the iWatch have an ambient light
sensor, like the Moto 360, to dim the display?"

A.

Apple didn't mention an ambient light sensor, but we can expect some kind of
sensor that detects motion or light to turn the device on.

Q.

Mike from New York asks, "Can it be that the lowest capacity iPhone 6 will have
only 16 GB capacity, two GBs LESS capacity than my current iPhone 5? Will this
make a noticeable difference to someone who does not view many videos or play
any games on the phone?"

A.

No. If you don't watch videos or download games on your phone, you will only
have to worry about photo storage. And you definitely don't have to worry about
app sizes growing. As Phil Schiller noted on stage Tuesday, the current 1.3
million apps that work on earlier iPhones will automatically work on the new
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models.

Q.

John from Massachusetts asks, "Apple mentioned nightly charging requirement; how
long does it take to charge? How long will it run with minimal use?"

A.

Great question. Apple executives did not mention battery life or charging times,
possibly because the company is still trying to figure it out.

Q.

One reader from New York asks, "The Watch obviously doesn't have a lock screen
or require a passcode - so what happens if I lose my watch or it's stolen? Won't
thieves have access to my apps, and my Apple Pay?"

A.

Great question. Several reporters asked Apple executives this very question at
the event and the company did not offer any answers. If Apple does not offer any
authentication on the Watch, the device will be ripe for theft and hacking.

Q.

Will Larche, a reader from the East Village asks, "Is it true that if I sprinkle
lemon juice on them, they won't brown so fast when cut?"

A.

Will, I believe you are looking for the NYT Cooking site.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Eeny meeny miny iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 821 words


BLAYNE SLABBERT offers some advice on how to choose between the two lastest
iPhones.

--------------------

THE NEW PHONES iPhone 6 (4.7 inch)

16GB ($999), 64GB ($1149), 128GB ($1299)

iPhone 6 Plus (5.5 inch)

16GB ($1149), 64GB ($1299), 128GB ($1449)

Both phones come in silver, gold or space grey.

The above prices are what you'll pay outright for the phones; all the NZ
networks offer contract deals.

--------------------

It's the little things that can sometimes make the biggest difference,
especially when it comes to technology.

The new iPhones are no different. There are hundreds of incremental changes to
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, each making them a little bit easier to use than
earlier models.

It could be the fact that the screen is no longer affected by polarised sunglass
lenses or that apps now have cursor keys to make writing easier.

Or it maybe how the rounded edges of the screen make swiping feel just right, or
the cool slow- motion effect available when shooting a video.

But the changes also make it tricky to decide not only whether you should
upgrade your current iPhone, but to which model.

Firstly, these phones are excellent. Critics have raved about them and they are
probably the best high-end phone available right now.

But that doesn't mean you should buy one. Here's some advice depending on what
type of user you are and what features you like.

Which model should I get?

It depends. I think the iPhone 6 is the best the company has made. Its 4.7-inch
screen is so much easier to read than previous four- inch models and its easy to
use with one hand. If you are a first- time smartphone buyer, you will not be
disappointed. If you already own an iPhone, you'll love the iPhone 6. You'll
forget about your current small, chunky phone in a matter of minutes.

The iPhone Plus is for the power user. If you are a multimedia mavin and consume
a lot of movies and television and take plenty of photos and videos then this
could be for you. The 5.5-inch screen looks fantastic and its size means you can
easily read a digital magazine on it.

The other reason is if you do a lot of writing on your phone. The new landscape
view lets you work on multiple emails at once. No more saving one as draft
before opening another. It makes an ideal work tool and could mean you leave
your iPad at home.

Is it worth upgrading from my current iPhone?

If you have an iPhone 4 or 4S then, yes, it's time to upgrade. You will notice a
significant difference in speed and lightness and an improved camera. Also,
iOS8, the latest mobile operating system, will not work on an iPhone 4 and the
4S will struggle.

If you have an iPhone 5 or 5S then only fans should upgrade. Those models are
still great phones and will do nearly everything these phones can do.

What capacity should I get?

The safe option is to go for the 64GB model. It means you won't have to
micromanage your phone's storage and 64GB will give you plenty of room for
photos, music and some videos.

There is no need for a 128GB model unless you are a movie fan and plan to
download and watch lots of videos.

Also, with iCloud Drive, Apple's cloud storage option, you can get 200GB of
storage for $4.99 a month.

I'm an Android fan, should I switch to iPhones?

If you were ever considering make the switch, now is the time. If you held back
before there are no more excuses, you have a bigger screen and the operating
system has many of the features previously only available on Android, such as
being able to install different keyboards.

Would these suit an older user?

There are many phones to choose from but if you are committed to one of the new
iPhones then they do have a few features that may appeal, including the ability
to have a zoom view on the phone. This increases the size of images and text in
all apps. In addition you can also increase the size of the text to make it even
more readable.

This is accentuated even more with the 6 Plus and means things like the keyboard
are quite big and easy to use.

What's the battery life like?

Better than previous models. Both phones should get you through a day and a bit
with the Plus having the bigger and longer- lasting battery of the two.

Is the camera any good?

Yes. It takes excellent photos with improved focusing the biggest difference.
Also, expect to see a flood of slow-motion videos soon as that function is a
great feature of the phone.

Are there any problems I should know about?

Several videos of people showing how easy it was to bend the iPhone Plus were
put on YouTube. Apple later said it had only received nine complaints about the
problems so I wouldn't worry about it.

The writer was lent two iPhones to review by Apple.

Blayne Slabbert is the technology editor for Fairfax NZ. You can follow him on
Twitter@bslabbert or email blayne.slabbert@fairfaxmedia.co.nz

--------------------

CAPTION:

Take your pick: The iPhone 6, right, and its big brother, the Plus, went on sale
in New Zealand last week.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

iPhone buyers face up to four-week delay; Record number of pre-orders for iPhone
6 Plus

BYLINE: Tim Higgins and Doni Bloomfield, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple Inc.'s new iPhones will take as many as four weeks to ship, a sign that
early demand for the smartphones is outstripping supply.

The iPhone 6 Plus, which has a larger display, will take three to four weeks for
shoppers who pre-ordered online as of Friday, according to Apple's website, as
people rushed to buy the smartphones hours after the company began taking
pre-orders. Certain models of the iPhone 6, which has a slightly smaller screen,
will take seven to 10 business days to arrive, though some versions are still
available for delivery on Sept. 19, when the devices are set to officially go on
sale in stores.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of preorders overnight," Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman with Cupertino,
Calif.-based Apple, said Friday. Apple CEO Tim Cook is counting on the new
devices to usher in demand for other products he introduced this week, from the
iPhone-compatible Apple Watch to the credit card-substituting Apple Pay service.

Demand for the latest iPhone is the greatest AT&;T Inc. has seen in two years,
Ralph de la Vega, CEO of its mobile division, said Friday at a Goldman Sachs
media conference.

This isn't the first time Apple and phone carriers have seen iPhone models
delayed well before they were available in stores. In 2012, the iPhone 5 was
delayed for shipment by a week after a rush of orders, and in 2011 the iPhone 4S
sold out at AT&;T, Verizon Wireless, and Sprint Nextel Corp. only five days
after pre-orders began.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch one,
while the previous iPhones have a four-inch screen. Customers took to Twitter to
complain of difficulties loading Apple's website to place pre-orders early
Friday morning.

While the company normally doesn't disclose figures for its production runs of
new products, it typically has a supply of its new devices in stores on the
first day. Carriers, which typically offer deals when a new iPhone comes out
aiming to capitalize on sales of the device to lure more data-hungry smartphone
users and bolster their market share, are again offering incentives that may be
bolstering interest.

The iPhone remains the most important piece of Apple's business. The handset
accounted for about half of Apple's $171 billion in revenue in its last fiscal
year, and with sales of the iPad slowing, the company needs to keep the iPhone a
blockbuster to maintain growth.

The handsets will initially be available in a limited set of markets - including
Canada - for shipping on Sept. 19. China, one of Apple's biggest markets, won't
get the new devices at first, though the company said it plans to have the
devices in 150 countries by the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oli Scarff, Getty Images; Shoppers camped outside the Apple Store on
Regent Street in London, England to be the first to purchase the forthcoming '
iPhone 6' mobile phone which is due to be released on Sept. 19.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       August 24, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Blurry Camera On The iPhone 6 Plus? Apple Has You Covered

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 169  words


Is your iPhone 6 Plus is plagued with rear camera issue? Well, Apple
acknowledged that a small percentage of iPhone 6 Plus devices have been plagued
with a a blurry camera problem.

According to Apple, it is a hardware related problem, and the company has also
found out the serial number range affected by it. These phone are reportedly
sold between September 2014, and January 2015.

To rectify the issue, Apple is offering free repairs where the company will
replace your device's iSight camera. To avail free repairs, your iPhone 6 Plus
needs to be in working condition. If your iPhone 6 Plus has any damage such as a
cracked screen, which impairs the camera replacement, that issue will need to be
resolved prior to service.

Moreover, it needs to be in the specific serial number range. Click here
(https://www.apple.com/support/iphone6plus-isightcamera/), to check if your
phone is eligible for the repairs. The program covers affected iPhone 6 Plus
iSight cameras for 3 years after the first retail sale of the unit.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                 State Edition

Texas-sized tech

BYLINE: Omar L. Gallaga American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1231 words


How big is too big?

Does size really matter?

Do we really need everything to be bigger in Texas?

These are questions that have reverberated through history, and for about 2 1/2
weeks now, since Apple introduced to shoppers the iPhone 6 Plus.

If the traditional, iconic

iPhone is the Honda Accord of smartphones - ubiquitous, compact and utilitarian
- this super-sized gadget is just shy of a Hummer. It's large, wide and tall,
and though it's much thinner than you might expect (the 6 Plus is flattened down
to coaster proportions), there's no getting over that huge expanse of visual
real estate on its surface. You could eat dinner off it.

The previous top-of-the-line iPhone, the 5S, had a screen that was 4 inches,
measured diagonally. The 6 Plus is 5.5 inches. An inch and a half doesn't seem
that much larger, but in everyday use, held in the hand, jammed into purses and
pockets, the dimensional difference is huge. It's a big phone. It's a
significant size. It changes things.

There's an iPhone 6 that splits the difference, at 4.7 inches. It's a compromise
for those who clamored for a bigger screen in the face of massive competition
from companies such as Samsung but who then saw the iPhone 6 Plus and said,
"Whoa, not THAT big!"

As Mike Ehrmantraut famously warned on "Breaking Bad," half measures can lead
you down the wrong path. As some iPhone owners ponder whether to upgrade, and
some Android users who swore they'd never go back to small phones weigh their
options, I tried to find out: What happens when you go whole hog?

A slippery 6 Plus

Luckily my version of a full-measure risk didn't require me to drain my bank
account. Using an iPhone 6 Plus borrowed briefly from AT&T, I put my 5S phone
aside to temporarily live large.

The first thing I noticed, taking it out of the substantial white Apple box, was
the device seems to employ some kind of sorcery that makes you think it's much
smaller on first view than you expected. That may be because of its thinness. In
the hands, it feels light and sleek, with rounded edges.

Those edges (really, a lack of edges) made me extremely nervous. The gold model
I tried out has no grip to it. Taking photos with the phone, I always felt I was
about to have it slip from my hands and shatter on the ground like a picture
window. My daughters clambered all over me to check out this new thing I'd
brought into the house and, as if on cue, one of them grabbed it and dropped the
6 Plus right on the kitchen tile.

My eyes popped open. So did my mouth, an O of terror. I think I had some sort of
cardiac event.

I tenderly picked up the phone, expecting carnage, but the 6 Plus didn't have
any dents, scratches or cracks on it.

"Listen to me," I told my daughters, cradling the phone like a sibling they
would never see again. "We will never tell AT&T or Apple about this."

Conspicuous

camera work

Despite the kitchen incident, we trusted the kids not to break anything at a
county fair. I carried the iPhone 6 Plus around in my shorts pocket, which
wasn't the problem I expected. The shorts had pretty huge pockets; without a
case, the 6 Plus slipped in easily and was barely noticeable.

The 6 and 6 Plus phones have better camera specs than the 5 generation, mostly
image stabilization, and an improved slow-mo video feature at 240
frames-per-second. Taking video of my kids on rides or of a spectacular pig
race, I found slowing the world down was lovely. Video was sharp and saturated
with color on the big 6 Plus screen.

While taking photos at the animal petting area, I noticed a problem. Pulling the
phone out and holding it up horizontally made me feel like one of those people
who takes photos at events with an iPad or similarly sized tablet. The giant
gold phone is very conspicuous, and, as other parents tried to position
themselves to take photos of their own kids picking up baby chicks, I felt like
I was in everyone's way, holding up a gigantic monolith that screamed, "Yes, I'm
that guy that had to have that new iPhone. In gold, no less."

Pocket matters

Perhaps that was me being self-conscious.

I asked a few owners of the device if they'd experienced similar awkward
moments.

Chris Newby, an engineer at 3M, said that after a week of owning the phone, he
was starting to get used to the jarring size transition from an iPhone 4S
(screen size: a puny 3.5 inches).

"I haven't been too self-conscious about breaking it out. It takes pretty decent
pics and the screen is very clear," Newby said. "I had played with the larger
Android phones of my friends and did have some concern about the size but
figured I would try it out and could always downgrade to the smaller 6."

Newby said a friend of his bought a 6 Plus but ended up exchanging it because it
didn't fit well in his pocket.

"I haven't really had that problem," Newby said. "I don't wear high or tight
pants, so the phone lays against my leg pretty flat whether I am standing or
sitting."

He does worry he'll have to remove the phone from his pocket if he's working on
his car or leaning over to avoid bending the phone, an apparently uncommon but
attention-getting tech problem dubbed "Bendgate."

Some users reported that the phone's larger size makes it susceptible to bending
when put in, say, a back pocket for an extended period of time. Consumer Reports
put the 6 Plus to the test, however, and found the phones are tougher than the
Internet reports suggested.

Newby has been getting used to typing on a larger phone and says he's living
dangerously, eschewing a protective case for the 6 Plus.

"I don't want to make it any bigger than it already is," he said.

Brian Hill, a public school administrative supervisor, said he loves the 6 Plus
and is using a very thin case to protect the back of the phone from scratches.
He reports no pocket troubles and says he's using a built-in feature called
"Reachability," which slides the top half of the screen down on the iPhone 6
Plus to make it easier to access when holding the phone with one hand.

The verdict

Like a giant adopted dog who ingratiates himself into your life in short order,
the 6 Plus certainly can be lived with. I don't have huge hands to match my
giant pockets, so I wasn't looking forward to Apple's foray into up-sizing, but
I found myself impressed by its speed, its light weight, battery life and
software improvements like keyboard options (also now available on older iPhones
).

There are places the 6 Plus is not meant to go: small purses, for instance. The
pockets of skinny jeans or pants belonging to small people. With a case, it's
not a device I could just drop into my cupholder to charge up while driving.

But there's a breed of tech shopper, let's call them "Texans," who won't care
about the compromises or complications the larger size brings. They'll want that
big, gorgeous screen and that big, gold (or silver, or space gray) slab of a
back. They'll want to make a statement, and the 6 Plus is as much of a statement
phone as you can get without going in the other direction toward a 1998 flip
phone.

The 6 Plus is big as the Texas sky and a lot easier to break, probably.

It's not for me, but I must admit, it sure is something.

Contact Omar L. Gallaga at 512-445-3672.

Twitter: @omarg

On the web
  Read Omar L. Gallaga's tech blog, Digital Savant, at
austin360.com/digitalsavant. And listen to Omar and Austin Eavesdropper blogger
 Tolly Moseley on the "Statesman Shots" podcast at statesman.com/shots.


LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple sells record 10m iPhone 6 smartphones in just three days

BYLINE: OLIVER SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 146 words


APPLE broke its own records over the weekend selling more than 10m iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus devices.

Last year, Apple sold 9m of its iPhone 5S and 5C in 11 countries. This year it
exceeded that figure despite launching in just 10 countries, missing out on the
huge Chinese market where it is unlikely to sell the iPhone 6 until 2015.

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," said Apple's chief executive Tim Cook.

Apple's manufacturing partner in China, Foxconn, reportedly has 200,000 workers
across 100 production lines producing around 140,000 iPhone 6 Plus and 400,000
iPhone 6 devices every day.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," added Cook.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Queues outside the Apple Store in Berlin ahead of the launch of the new
iPhone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2014 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Azer News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

New iPhone thrills up Azerbaijan

BYLINE: Nigar Orujova

LENGTH: 313  words


Apple has sold 10 million new iPhones in just three days in many countries
including Azerbaijan.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus entered the local markets with a record price two
weeks after the grand show. However, there are reports that over 200 iPhones
have already been sold in a couple of days.

Apple production is taking the second place in the smart phones market of the
country, after Samsung. However, a significant 50.57 percent growth was recorded
in Apple's share at the local market in first eight months of 2014.

Japan was the only country that started the sale of the new 4.7inches device
with the lowest $636 price, while the highest prices were registered in Germany
and France, $906 and $919 respectively.

The price of iPhone 6 in Russia starts from $831, while in Dubai (UAE) the price
of the new device started from $707.

However, the price in Azerbaijan broke all the records, with the sale starting
from $2,000 to $2,500 for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. This price was high even
for Azerbaijanis. However, the high price could not stop the their desire to be
the first iPhone 6 owners.

New models arrived in Azerbaijan on September 20 and were put on sale on
September 22. Just in a day, the price fell to $1,500 in Baku. One of the
leading phone store owners said, over 20 phones were sold in just 2 days.

New iPhones are now available in many places in Baku. The prices vary, however,
the official Apple distributor in the country, Alma Store is still waiting for
the new devices.

Apple's full lineup of phone now consists of the iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 5s and 5c  a
relatively cheaper plastic model that the company did not update in its most
recent launch. Instead it decided to lower the cost (often free with a contract)
in order to target less affluent customers.

The introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus was one of the leading topics around
the world on September 9.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Azer News Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

New iPhones bend out of shape in back pockets

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 268 words


Owners of the new iPhone 6 Plus have complained that the oversized smartphone
bends out of shape if it is carried around in trouser pockets.

Some took to online forums, blogs and social media yesterday to post photographs
of warped handsets, which are the largest and thinnest smartphones that Apple
has ever made.

The iPhone 6 Plus is the bigger brother of the iPhone 6. Both models went on
sale on Friday.

The apparent bending problem is not unique to the iPhone 6 Plus, however. Owners
of certain Samsung Galaxy, BlackBerry and Sony Xperia handsets have also
previously reported problems.

Apple did not respond to requests for comment yesterday.

The hashtag "Bendgate" was trending on Twitter as disgruntled owners posted
pictures of warped phones.

The issue prompted Lewis Hilsenteger, of Unbox Therapy, a YouTube consumer
products channel, to post a video of him bending an iPhone 6 Plus by hand. The
video had more than six million views last night. "Not necessarily the piece of
information that you guys want to receive as brandnew owners of this device," Mr
Hilsenteger said. "This is a huge piece of aluminium and we all know that
aluminium is incredibly malleable - but now we have actual evidence on camera,
not just a picture of a bent phone." He later tested a comparably sized Samsung
Galaxy Note 3 and was unable to do any real damage.

Apple was also forced to roll back the first update to its latest mobile
operating system, IOS 8, which was released on Friday. iPhone owners had
reported dropped reception and a loss of other functions after downloading the
update when it was released yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A video posted on YouTube shows a user bending an iPhone 6 Plus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Tested by Us, Built for You: OtterBox Trusted Protection Available Today for
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus

LENGTH: 584  words


Sept. 9 -- Every moment can be recorded, snapped and saved for a rainy day with
the new, enhanced iSight camera in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. OtterBox
continues to protect the memories that matter most. From the No. 1-most trusted
case brand in smartphone protection, OtterBox announces a full lineup of cases
available now for the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.1

Defender Series, Commuter Series, Symmetry Series and Strada Series are
available now for iPhone 6s with Alpha Glass coming soon.2 iPhone 6s Plus cases
available now include Defender Series, Commuter Series and Symmetry Series, with
Alpha Glass coming soon.

"OtterBox tests each case design for more than 238 hours so you know your
memories are safe from the drops and bumps in daily life," said OtterBox
President and CEO Pete Lindgren. "iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed to
seamlessly integrate into your day, and our cases are the same - built for you
and your lifestyle. So you can take your brand new iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus
and hand it to a toddler or go out 4-wheeling, without pause and without worry."

Each case design for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus undergoes a minimum of 24
tests across more than 238 hours to earn the seal of OtterBox Certified Drop+
Protection. These tests ensure lasting protection from drops, bumps, scratches
and dings. Trusted protection - tailored to every lifestyle - is available today
for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, and are compatible with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus devices.

Defender Series' triple-layer protection is the original case design that Apple
lovers have trusted with their precious devices for nearly a decade. The
built-in screen protector blocks out scratches and dust, while the shell and
outer slipcover absorb and dissipate shock. Custom color combinations for
Defender Series are available now for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on
otterbox.com.

The sleek Symmetry Series slides easily into pockets and slips perfectly in and
out of purses to help quickly capture Live Photos or 4K video. This slim iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus case is simple to install, and a raised, beveled edge
provides extra protection for the touchscreen during facedown drops. The
Symmetry Series case design is tested in-house to stand up to the wear and tear
with a purse test - fending off scratches from keys, shades and wallets for
long-lasting graphics and vibrant colors.

Two form-fitting layers combine to create the thin, protective Commuter Series
for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. The outer shell and inner slipcover combine to
pull shock away from the device, and port covers keep debris out of the charge
and headphone connectors. Customize Commuter Series by creating a color
combination on otterbox.com.

For a classic, tailored look, Strada Series slips iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
into genuine leather and trusted protection. The folio front clasps open or
closed to guard against touchscreen scratches and includes a card slot to hold a
credit or identification card. A slim audio vent in the folio makes it simple to
take calls with the cover closed. Strada Series for iPhone 6s Plus is the first
time this professional, polished protection is available for a super-sized
smartphone.

OtterBox cases for iPad Pro and iPad mini 4 are being evaluated and information
on product availability will be released later this year.

OtterBox iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus cases are available now on otterbox.com
and at select retailers. For more information, visit otterbox.com.

Source: OtterBox

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Advertiser Edition

Watch out - Apple is taking on a big wrist

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 462  words


APPLE yesterday launched a war on three fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to
tackle the phablet threat, a tap-and-touch payment system to replace your wallet
and a wearable device it hopes will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing", which Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad, in a presentation that the
Cupertino company sees as another potential turning point.

After years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple
Watch was finally unveiled yesterday.

It will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models, all of
which have interchangeable bands.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch (12cm) phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch
(14cm) phone and both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is
better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at
check-outs.

Apple hopes the deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard,
the major US banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to
take off. The payment system begins in the US next month but there are no
details yet when it might be released in Australia and what banks, credit cards
and merchants will be involved.

After the unwanted media coverage of leaked naked celebrity photos - reportedly
stolen from iCloud - Apple was eager to point out that the payment details will
not be stored in the cloud.

Eddy Cue, Apple senior vice-president of internet software and services, said
that when you use Apply Pay, the person at the check-out won't get to see your
credit card number or security code, meaning your private information is more
secure than using a traditional card now.

Also, Mr Cue said, Apple would not receive information on your purchase. No
record would be sent to Apple about the purchase, the price or where you bought
it.

When shopping with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, you'll need
to log into the phone to prove your identity.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17. Prices for the
iPhone 6 will range from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

They will also be available from Telstra, Optus and Vodafone with pre-orders
from tomorrow.The watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word
on Australian availability and pricing.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple cuts iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s+ prices by Rs 22,000 in India

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Sept. 15 -- In what can surely be termed the biggest price cut ever
by smartphone giant Apple in India, the company has slashed the prices of its
smartphones by as much as Rs 22,000. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB), which carries an
MRP of Rs 82,000 so far, will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000 after a
price drop of Rs 22,000.

The bigger-screen variant of iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be
available at an MRP of Rs 70,000. The smartphone too has recieved a price cut of
Rs 22,000.

Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, launched earlier this year, too has got a
price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, currently sporting a price tag of Rs
49,000 will now be available at Rs 44,000.

The price cuts come as the India launch of the company's latest iPhones --
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India
on October 7. Though Apple has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the
two phones, several resellers of the company like IWorld have already started
accepting the pre-bookings for the device.

Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India in October last year.
TheApple iPhone 6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs 62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus
(16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.

Both the iPhones come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
sport 12-megapixel iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front
FaceTime camera is 5-megapixels.

Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation TouchID
sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6
and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70 per cent
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90 per cent
aided by a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models, according
to a news agency.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 26, 2014

Consumers line up for iPhone 6 debut in Taiwan

LENGTH: 280  words


Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across Taipei for
hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

TAIPEI - Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across
Taipei for hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

Taiwan Star, the island's emerging mobile carrier, started selling the latest
iPhone models with their contract from midnight, getting a step ahead of other
major telecom companies whose official sales began on Friday morning.

A man surnamed Chen, who lodged an online reservation a couple of days ago, was
the first consumer to get his iPhone 6 Plus in Taiwan Star's midnight event. He
said the phone was a gift for his wife who has just delivered their baby.

Another man surnamed Lin, who led the line in front of an Apple store for off
contract phones, said he had been in a queue since Thursday afternoon.

"This is a birthday gift for my sister," he said.

Taiwan's telecom carriers all expect a fresh buying frenzy following the debut.
James Cheng, general manager of Taiwan Mobile, said consumers have already
placed orders for 200,000 units of the new iPhones with the carrier's contract.

The mobile operators also invited bands, magicians and even massage therapists
to draw queuing customers in Friday's official release.

More than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were sold around
the world on the first weekend after their initial launch in nine countries and
regions including the United States, Germany and Hong Kong last Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Consumers line up for iPhone 6 debut in Taiwan

LENGTH: 280  words


Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across Taipei for
hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

TAIPEI - Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across
Taipei for hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

Taiwan Star, the island's emerging mobile carrier, started selling the latest
iPhone models with their contract from midnight, getting a step ahead of other
major telecom companies whose official sales began on Friday morning.

A man surnamed Chen, who lodged an online reservation a couple of days ago, was
the first consumer to get his iPhone 6 Plus in Taiwan Star's midnight event. He
said the phone was a gift for his wife who has just delivered their baby.

Another man surnamed Lin, who led the line in front of an Apple store for off
contract phones, said he had been in a queue since Thursday afternoon.

"This is a birthday gift for my sister," he said.

Taiwan's telecom carriers all expect a fresh buying frenzy following the debut.
James Cheng, general manager of Taiwan Mobile, said consumers have already
placed orders for 200,000 units of the new iPhones with the carrier's contract.

The mobile operators also invited bands, magicians and even massage therapists
to draw queuing customers in Friday's official release.

More than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were sold around
the world on the first weekend after their initial launch in nine countries and
regions including the United States, Germany and Hong Kong last Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Biggest Apple Larger screen drives record iPhone sales

BYLINE: BY ROBERT DOMINGUEZ NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 262 words


Size did indeed matter for iPhone fanatics.

Apple broke its record for an iPhone launch, selling more than 10 million of the
larger-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models combined in the three days since they
went on sale Friday.

Apple CEO Tim Cook on Monday called it "the best launch ever," crowing that the
iPhone 6's debut weekend in 10 countries ended up "shattering all previous
sell-through records by a large margin."

By comparison, Apple sold a combined 9 million of the iPhone 5s and less
expensive 5c last year - but that figure included sales in China, the largest
smartphone market in the world, where regulatory issues have so far delayed the
introduction of the iPhone 6.

Demand for the new devices outstripped supply at many Apple retail locations and
phone carrier stores across the U.S. - especially the iPhone 6 Plus, its 5½-inch
screen making it the larger of the two new gadgets.

Apple last week warned that some consumers who preordered online would face
delays of up to four weeks on the 6 Plus, and up to 10 days on the 6.

"We could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working
hard to fill orders as quickly as possible," Cook said Monday.

Last weekend's sales were double the iPhone 5's 5 million inaugural sales in
2012, the last time an iPhone underwent a design change.

Apple previously sold 4 million of the iPhone 4s and 1.7 million iPhone 4
handsets during their weekend kickoffs.

The iPhone 6 rollout resumes Friday in more than 20 countries, and will be
available in 155 countries by year's end.

Graphic: AMOUNT SOLD ON DEBUT WEEKEND

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;CHART, Apple stores throughout the city were mobbed last
weekend for sale of iPhone 6.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch in India to lukewarm response;
Customers seem to be shying away from pre-bookings, with numbers falling shorter
than the expectation.

BYLINE: Gwyn D'Mello

LENGTH: 419  words


Customers seem to be shying away from pre-bookings, with numbers falling shorter
than the expectation.

Apple's latest smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, finally made their
way to India last night, hitting stores across the country at midnight. This is
by far the quickest rollout of an iPhone to Indian consumers, post their US
launch less than a month ago.

The iPhone 6s is available for Rs 62,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 72,000 for the
64GB, and Rs 82,000 for the 128GB. The iPhone 6s Plus, meanwhile priced at Rs
72,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 82,000 for the 64GB, and Rs 92,000 for the 64GB.
Both iPhones are available in Silver, Space Gray, Gold, and a new Rose Gold
colour variant. The phones are available at authorised Apple resellers and at
chain stores like Croma and Reliance Digital, as well as on e-commerce websites
Flipkart, Amazon India, and Snapdeal.

But despite the people queuing up outside stores before midnight, pre-booking
slips in hand, response on the ground seemed lukewarm in comparison to last
year's queue-around-the-block crowd. We found three stores in the Lower Parel
region of Mumbai which, despite being located inside a mall and within 200
metres of each other, only had a combined total of about 70 customers waiting
for the midnight launch. It's likely that customers are daunted by how expensive
the new iPhones are; at least Rs 8,000 more than the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were
priced at launch.

Then, there's also the fact that a lot of customers wait for new iPhone launches
so they can buy the older models at slashed rates. Prices for last-gen iPhones
have already been lowered, with the iPhone 6 available at Rs 36,999 for 16GB, Rs
45,999 for the 64GB, and Rs 62,499 for 128GB. The iPhone 6 Plus is now available
at Rs 48,999 for the 16GB, Rs 71,500 for the 64GB version, and Rs 74,678 for the
128GB.

A third possibility, is that, since potential customers have already waited a
while to get their hands on the new iPhones, they're probably willing to wait
until the Diwali  season kicks in and e-commerce portals like Flipkart and
Amazon India start holding sales. Even if prices don't drop, customers will at
the very least have some feedback on the 6s and 6s Plus by then, and will know
which version they want.

But this "wait and watch" game is definitely hurting retailers on the ground,
with pre-bookings falling far short of the expected volume. Only time will tell
if the wave is just late this time, or non-existent.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 14, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Gift Luxury To Your Valentine With This Diamond-Studded iPhone!

LENGTH: 288  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the thinnest iPhones ever made, with 6.8mm
and 7.1mm thickness respectively.

Saturday, February 14, 2015: If you still haven't thought of what to gift to
your loved one this Valentine's Day, we can suggest something, that is pretty
luxurious and exclusive. Goldgenie, a company that is known for customising
high-end technological products, has launched a 24K Gold iPhone 6 Diamond
Ecstasy limited edition for this day of love.

The website claims that the phone will be customised as per the demand of the
buyer and will cost anything from $15,000, to a whopping $3.5 million. The
customised iPhone from Goldgenie will be available in choices of 24-carat gold,
rose gold or platinum. If the user wants, it can have a laser-engraved message
on the rear of the device.

Lets take a quick recap of the specifications of iPhone models in questions. The
two variants of recently launched iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus come
with an 11.9-cm (4.7-inch) and 13.97-cm (5.5-inch) displays respectively. While
the iPhone 6 offers a resolution of 1334X750p, the iPhone 6 Plus offers a
resolution of 1920X1080P. These two are the thinnest iPhones ever made, with
6.8mm and 7.1mm thickness respectively.

Apple claims that iPhone 6 is 50 per cent more energy efficient due to its new
A8 processor. A8 processor from Apple is based on 64-bit CPU architecture and is
20 per cent faster in application processing and 50 per cent faster in rendering
graphics. Performance-intensive tasks like playing a game at higher frame rates
are easily sustained by this smartphone. The two new iPhones comes with 8MP
iSight camera, that offers phase detection. This camera allows the users to
shoot 43MP panorama photos.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   amNewYork

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Long lines at Apple store for iPhone 6 drop

BYLINE: Alison Fox and Sarah Allam, amNewYork, New York

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


Sept. 18--Scores of people were lined up in front of Apple's Fifth Avenue store
on Thursday in what has become somewhat of a tradition, the day before the tech
company releases its newest iPhones.

The line stretched around the corner as dozens gathered in hope of being the
first to get their hands on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Moon Ray, 25, was
first in line and had been there for 18 days.

"I'm getting two phones: the iPhone 6 for me and the iPhone 6 Plus for my
husband," said Ray, who travelled to New York from the south for the sole
purpose of getting the phone. "We brought solar chargers, thermal mats, and
inflatable chairs and mattresses.

"We also got a membership at the YMCA so we can shower," she added.

The new phone comes in two sizes, both bigger and thinner than the earlier
editions: a 4.7 inch version and a 5.5 inch "Plus" model. They also boast a
better screen resolution, longer battery life and a higher-quality camera.

While the excitement over the 6 pales compared to the buzz the first-ever iPhone
garnered, people still camped out for days.

Queens resident Luis Lorenzo, 40, set up outside the Fifth Avenue store to buy
an iPhone 6 Plus in gold.

"I brought my weather gear, my umbrella, my sleeping bag, my tarp," he said.
Lorenzo has been there for two weeks and two days.

___ (c)2014 amNewYork Visit amNewYork at www.amny.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140918-YN-Long-lines-at-Apple-store-for-iPhone-6-drop-0918-20140918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YN


                            Copyright 2014 amNewYork


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Review: the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus;
Apple's brace of new devices are a major departure from the iPhone 5. Steve
Dinneen weighs up the relative pros and cons - and likes what he sees...

BYLINE: Steve Dinneen

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 941 words


T he new iPhone 6 is rubbish. Nah, just kidding. It would be great if it was,
though. It would make my life more fun if I could spend the next 600 words
telling you what a great steaming turd Apple has created and how it makes me
feel physically sick just to look at it. But I'm afraid I'm going to be singing
from the same hymn sheet as everyone else: it's great. One of the nicest phones
ever made. Damn you Apple.

Below I'll be looking at both the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch 6 Plus.
I'll start with the smaller of the two.

IPHONE 6 First impressions: it's a beautifully designed phone - impossibly thin
at just 6.9mm, and a complete rethink from the straight edges of the iPhone 4
and 5. This one is all smooth curves, a little like the rear of the iPad Air.
Even the glass curves into the chassis, giving it a sensual, pebble-like feel.

It's quite a bit bigger than the iPhone 5, although when you hold it, it somehow
doesn't feel as hefty as it actually is - it manages to squeeze in a lot of
screen inches without feeling unwieldy. And what a screen it is. In terms of
pure resolution, it's not the highest out there, but you'd be hardpressed to
notice. It's crisper than ever, with the icons appearing to hover just above the
device (aided by the iOS display).

Layout-wise it's business as usual, except the lock button has shifted to the
side because your thumbs won't stretch all the way to the top.

What's that you say? You thought Apple would only make phones you can fully
control with one hand? Well, you're right, it did say that, and it pushed the
idea to its logical conclusion with the monolithic iPhone 5. And in that respect
there is an element of rolling with the punches with the iPhone 6. Apple's "our
way or the highway" philosophy has been eroded by commercial imperatives. The
market - that's you and I - demanded bigger. We went out and bought Samsung
Galaxy S4s and 5s, and HTC Ones, and one or two even bought Nokia Lumias. So
here we are with a 4.7 inch iPhone.

A neat trick to overcome that onehanded problem is a new feature that allows you
to double tap the home button to make the screen drop down within reach - you're
left with a rather inelegant black space at the top but it fixes a niggling
issue.

As far as the innards go, the new A8 chip seems like the business - scrolling is
fluid and heavy-duty apps run flawlessly. It'll be interesting to see how far
developers can push the hardware over the coming months.

Another improvement is the camera, which features an overhauled sensor, lens and
aperture, giving you more vivid colours and less noise in low light. Autofocus
is faster and there's also a 240fps slow-motion feature - twice as slow as on
the last iPhone. In real terms, the pictures I took are marginally better,
although more adept photographers may notice more pronounced results.

And then, of course, there is the battery life. Will it really last a whole day?
Well... just about. If you're a heavy internet user you might struggle but Apple
reckons it's good for 11 hours of wi-fi usage, which should see most people
through to a nightly re-charge.

IPHONE 6 PLUS So, on to the iPhone 6 Plus, which, with a 5.5 inch screen, is
gigantic - even bigger even than the 5.3 inch Galaxy Note, the device to which
it surely owes its existence. It's every bit as handsome as the regular iPhone 6
- a shade thicker at 7.1mm, with a slightly higher screen resolution that my
eyes aren't sharp enough to pick up on - and while the extra weight is
noticeable, it's certainly not clunky.

I reviewed the iPad Mini when it launched and struggled to work out quite when I
would use it: it doesn't fit into a regular jacket pocket, so if I want to take
it out, I need to carry a bag, in which case I may as well go for the regular
iPad. The iPhone 6 Plus is the device I wanted the iPad Mini to be - even when
carried in your trouser pocket you won't notice it most of the time (I've been
doing it all week and haven't seen any sign of bending or warping, by the way).

If you're a heavy mobile video consumer then the Plus just makes sense - the
massive, razor sharp Retina display plays HD movies brilliantly, and the
experience is a million miles from watching films on the previous generation of
iPhones. With both devices offering up to 128GB of storage, using your iPhone as
a portable video library is now a viable option.

The only extra hardware packed into the Plus relates to the camera: digital
image stabilisation, which means slightly better quality pictures, especially in
low light.

CONCLUSION Apple has released two great phones, both of which represent a
sea-change in terms of design, especially with those massive screens. Apart from
that it's business as usual: faster and thinner with more bells and whistles -
they will keep all but the most ardent Apple-haters happy.

EE is offering a £41/month deal with £100 to pay upfront, including 2GB of data.
Log on to www.shop.ee.co.uk TOPiPHONETWEETS Stephen Fry @stephenfry Just adore
apple-haters. Imagine if people talked about Mercs or BMWs with such spewing
bile! Funny old world.

Apparently legal not to buy 1 Lydia Burrell @LydiaBurrell they call it 6 Plus
but it''s 5.5 inches? sounds like my ex boyfriend COPYRIGHT 2014 LYDIA BURRELL
Max Silvestri @maxsilvestri I bet nobody breaks their iPhones reaching out the
window to use Apple Pay at the McDonald''s drive-thru. Yeah, definitely nobody.

Olivia Wilde, actress @oliviawilde Great, Apple announced more products for me
to become entirely emotionally dependent on.

Tim Cook, Apple CEO @tim_cook I''m backstage and this is my first tweet from my
iPhone 6. It''s amazing. You''re going to love it.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2014 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Lines vary as new iPhones arrive here

BYLINE: Maggie Menderski

SECTION: D; FL News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 577 words


Sam Mateer was more excited about his daughter's wedding photos on his old phone
than the iPhone 6s Plus that had him at an AT&T store before sunrise on Friday.

Still, he was first in the door when the store at University Town Center opened
at 8 a.m., as Apple Inc. launched sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Mateer, 72, and his wife, Jo Ann, had been waiting there since 5:45 a.m. Their
new son-in-law, Jason Piercy, had shown up at 6:30 a.m. and took the third spot
in line.

Just days before, an iPhone 5 had captured the bride, groom and a picturesque
beach sunset during the Piercy wedding on Siesta Key. It was hard to believe the
images could have been any more beautiful, but Mateer said he knew the iPhone 6s
Plus had a better camera. They were looking forward to using the new phone on a
trip to Illinois in the coming weeks.

"It takes better pictures than this thing does," Sam Mateer said, with his old
iPhone 5 in hand.

The new phone was expected to break the sales record set last year after the
release of the iPhone 6 and 6 plus. Deliveries of online orders are delayed up
to four weeks for some models. Yet, Mateer and his family made up half of the
early morning line at the University at Town Center Store, where six people
waited for the opening.

"We didn't know we'd be first," Jo Ann Mateer said. "I expected more people."

The buzz surrounding the new phone was more robust in other parts of Southwest
Florida. The crowd at the Apple Store inside the Mall at University Town Center
was overflowing. After its doors opened, a few customers trickled across the
street to AT&T for the shorter wait.

The AT&T store on Cortez Road in Manatee County had a crowd of

at least 20 in line when the store opened, said Zoran Jovic, area retail sales
manager. The store had the stock and staff to sell hundreds of phones before the
day was over, he said.

"We had a pretty decent crowd this morning, but we are more than prepared,"
Jovic said. "We're expecting it to be steady traffic throughout the day."

Ahnaysa Turner, 25, was second in line at the University Town Center AT&T. She
arrived just before 6:30 a.m., eager to swap her iPhone 6 for the iPhone 6s Plus
in Apple's new rose gold color. She said enjoyed her old phone, but was looking
forward to a larger screen on the Plus model. Her husband had preordered a 6s
online and was expecting it to arrive on Friday. She didn't want to miss out on
the fun later that day.

"I knew it was coming in today, so I was like, 'I'm going to get in line and get
my new phone, too,' " she said.

The phone looks identical to the iPhone 6, which debuted in September 2014. But
the 6s, in addition to an improved camera and other features, has increased
durability, with stronger glass and 7000 series aluminum.

"The actual material that it's made out of is used for aircraft production,"
Jovic said. "It's going to be stronger, less prone to breaking and bending."

Most of the changes are internal, Jovic said. The touchscreen offers different
menus and options based on the pressure of the user's taps. The camera has a new
function, which captures a still image but also records the moments before and
after it. Selfie enthusiasts can expect better low-light images through new
technology that uses the screen as a flash. The phone's new A9 chip offers
greater speed and battery life, and several of the apps have been redesigned.

"What this phone does behind the scenes will make your life a little bit
easier," Jovic said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ahnaysa Turner, of Sarasota, shows off her new Apple iPhone 6s Plus in
the new rose gold color. Ahnaysa was the second person in line at 5:45 a.m. at
the AT&T store at the Mall at University Town Center in Sarasota. STAFF PHOTO /
MIKE LANG AT&T Store manager Nik Manos, left, speaks with customer Sam Mateer,
of Sarasota, about his current iPhone 5 early Friday morning at the Mall at
University Town Center. Mateer was at the store at 5:45 a.m. to be the first in
line to buy the new Apple iPhone 6s Plus. Also in line to get the new iPhone,
from left, were Ahnaysa Turner, Mateer's son-in-law, Jason Piercy, and Lindsay
Dinant. STAFF PHOTO / MIKE LANG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


In what can surely be termed the biggest price cut ever by smartphone giant
Apple in India, the company has slashed the prices of its smartphones by as much
as Rs 22,000. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB), which carries an MRP of Rs 82,000 so far,
will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000 after a price drop of Rs 22,000.The
bigger-screen variant of iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be available
at an MRP of Rs 70,000. The smartphone too has recieved a price cut of Rs
22,000. Apple 's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, launched earlier this year, too
has got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, currently sporting a price
tag of Rs 49,000 will now be available at Rs 44,000.The price cuts come as the
India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus --
nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple has
not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several resellers
of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the pre-bookings for
the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India in October last
year.

The Apple iPhone 6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs 62,000, while iPhone 6s
Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones come with 3D Touch and 2GB
RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel iSight camera, capable of
shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is 5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation TouchID sensor and are made of
tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the
hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70% faster at carrying out processes
than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Similarly, the graphics
processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by a new graphics processor
versus previous-generation models.Apple officially launched iPhone SE in India
in April. The smartphone comes in two variants -- 32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE
sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a resolution of 640 x 1136
pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9 motion co-processor. Other
specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and Touch ID. It will be
available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The smartphone will be
available in the country in April. Read this story in Malayalam

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


In what can surely be termed the biggest price cut ever by smartphone giant
Apple in India, the company has slashed the prices of its smartphones by as much
as Rs 22,000. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB), which carries an MRP of Rs 82,000 so far,
will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000 after a price drop of Rs 22,000.The
bigger-screen variant of iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be available
at an MRP of Rs 70,000. The smartphone too has recieved a price cut of Rs
22,000. Apple 's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, launched earlier this year, too
has got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, currently sporting a price
tag of Rs 49,000 will now be available at Rs 44,000.The price cuts come as the
India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus --
nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple has
not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several resellers
of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the pre-bookings for
the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India in October last
year.

The Apple iPhone 6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs 62,000, while iPhone 6s
Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones come with 3D Touch and 2GB
RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel iSight camera, capable of
shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is 5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation TouchID sensor and are made of
tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the
hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70% faster at carrying out processes
than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Similarly, the graphics
processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by a new graphics processor
versus previous-generation models.Apple officially launched iPhone SE in India
in April. The smartphone comes in two variants -- 32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE
sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a resolution of 640 x 1136
pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9 motion co-processor. Other
specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and Touch ID. It will be
available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The smartphone will be
available in the country in April. Read this story in Malayalam

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Apple is killing its 16GB variant with iPhone 7: WSJ

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours about Apple junking its 16GB model with the
upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. According to a report in Wall Street
Journal (WSJ), quoting person familiar with Apple's plans, "Instead of 16GB as a
starting point for the entry-level iPhone, the new starting point will be
32GB...." This means Apple would reportedly be bringing 32GB storage option back
to its iPhone lineup after a gap of three years. Apple iPhone 5S, which was
launched in 2013, came with a 32GB variant.

However, all iPhones launched after that -- iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus, and iPhone SE -- come in 16GB and 64GB variants. Apple added a
128GB variant with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models.While the larger 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 is expected to come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants, the
smaller version is said to come in 32GB, 64GB and 256GB storage variants.As
widely speculated by several other publications too, the report adds that the
larger version of the rumoured iPhone 7 will sport a 5.5-inch display and a
dual-camera sensor.The dual camera set-up is expected to help users capture
images in different depth of fields so that theu can later choose what they want
to focus in the image in the post editing phase.In addition, the smaller iPhone
7 version is likely to come with a 4.7-inch display. Also, though the smaller
version is unlikely to get the dual-camera setup, it is expected to still be
receiving an upgrade on camera front. The report also claims that the upcoming
models won't sport a headphone jack.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Apple may find its new core in China

BYLINE: Jack Freifelder in New York

LENGTH: 537  words


Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more of the devices than
their American counterparts for the first time, data from Switzerland-based
financial services company UBS AG showed.

Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more of the devices than
their American counterparts for the first time, data from Switzerland-based
financial services company UBS AG showed.

"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw considerable growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 percent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst with
UBS, wrote in a research note published on Wednesday.

The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 percent a year ago to 24
percent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.

Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.

Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based tech
company. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.

Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile Ltd, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.

"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late December
2013 and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in October, so it seems
reasonable that demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.

In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD, the e-commerce platform of JD.com Inc.

At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 percent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3
percent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.

Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp. The company boosted its
global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).

Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 percent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 percent.

Other global players, including Chinese companies like Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo
Group Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the fray.

Xiaomi and Lenovo were ranked third and fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent
and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

jackfreifelder@chinadailyusa.com

An Apple Inc store in Xuchang, Henan province. At the end of the third quarter
of last year, Apple held 18.1 percent of smartphone market share in China. Gen
Guoqing / for China Daily

(China Daily 01/10/2015 page7)

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Finding Virtue in a Phablet

BYLINE: By FARHAD MANJOO.

Email: farhad.manjoo@nytimes.com; Twitter: @fmanjoo

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; STATE OF THE ART; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1184 words


It's time to make peace with the term phablet.

Sure, the tech industry could have come up with a prettier, less jarring way to
refer to smartphones that are big enough to be used as tablet computers. But
phablets deserve their own unforgettably descriptive name. They aren't simply
large-screen phones. They are a distinctly new type of computing device, a
machine that is often more useful, and more versatile, than either smartphones
or laptops.

Phablets could even become the dominant computing device of the future -- the
most popular kind of phone on the market, and perhaps the only computer many of
us need.

Now, I've long been on the record as hating big phones. But this week I decided
to try using the latest one, Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus, with its 5.5-inch
display, as my primary, all-purpose computer -- a machine for work, fun and
everything in between. I had to make occasional stops at my laptop to write my
articles, but I ended up spending about 80 to 90 percent of my computing time
with Apple's big phone.

I didn't exactly prefer this lifestyle; if you've got the resources and patience
to buy a laptop, smartphone and tablet, go for it. But if an alien race swooped
down on the planet and forced earthlings to use only a single computer, I'd
choose the iPhone 6 Plus. If you're looking for one machine for everything, a
phablet like this isn't a bad way to go.

Apple doesn't use the P-word, but the 6 Plus, which goes on sale on Friday, is
larger than the original Samsung Galaxy Note, the device that came out in 2011
and is generally credited as being the first phablet. (The latest Note has a
5.7-inch screen.) It's obvious why Apple had to make a phablet, a device that
its executives and fans had long made fun of. Despite the awkwardness of holding
a device as large as a cafeteria tray up to your ear, phablets made by Samsung
and other companies have become a huge global hit. Phablets are already more
popular than laptops and desktops, and they'll almost certainly begin outselling
tablet computers soon, too.

Their popularity might reflect the unimportance of the phone part of the
phablet: Who makes phone calls anymore? Instead, some market-watchers argue, a
significant number of the world's population either can't afford or can't manage
a tech future in which we all own three devices -- a PC, a tablet and a phone.
Lots of people want a single machine that can fulfill most of their computing
needs.

On the other hand, a phablet presents many trade-offs. Depending on the job you
have, there's a good chance it isn't nearly as comfortable for sustained work as
your PC. As I wrote in my review of Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 earlier this year,
many of the tasks we call ''work'' usually require a great physical keyboard,
and obviously the iPhone 6 Plus doesn't have that built in.

What's more, though it's quite thin, the 6 Plus is about 27 percent taller and
32 percent wider than Apple's old flagship, the iPhone 5S. That makes it
something of a monster in your pocket. There were times this week when I reached
for my old iPhone 5S and fell in love again with that device's seductively
compact design. (Apple also introduced a new small phone, the iPhone 6, with a
4.7-inch screen; my colleague Molly Wood reviewed both iPhones earlier this
week.)

Yet what it lacks in pocketability, the iPhone 6 Plus makes up for in usability
and accessibility. Your phablet, like your phone, is a machine you always have
with you, but like a tablet, it has a screen big enough to let you accomplish
many more productive tasks. And unlike a laptop, it's instantly available. Pull
it out of your pocket and begin working anywhere.

Over the last week I used the 6 Plus to do just about everything I normally do
with my phone and my laptop. Every morning I'd wake up, then slump into my
phablet-friendly office, also known as my bed, couch or some other
recline-friendly bit of furniture I could find. There I'd stare and tap at my
screen all day long. This was sort of bizarre; my house is full of computers,
and at least early in my experiment, I often had to restrain myself from
grabbing a laptop to get stuff done.

But I persevered, and soon I found myself falling into the habits of a
phablet-only life. I caught up with email, researched my articles, read lots and
lots of stuff on the web, worked with a few spreadsheets and, with the help of
an add-on physical keyboard, even tried to write some of my articles on the 6
Plus.

I found that the 6 Plus has two advantages over smaller smartphones, and one
primary advantage over rival phablets. Typing is much easier on the 6 Plus
compared to small phones. When you hold the 6 Plus with two hands in portrait
mode -- that is, vertically -- and type with your thumbs, there's a perfect fit.

Using the iPhone's built-in on-screen keyboard or an on-screen keyboard made by
Swype, I found myself jotting emails much more quickly than I have on
traditional smartphones. Unfortunately, in landscape mode -- holding the phone
horizontally -- the effect was ruined; as Molly also found, the 6 Plus is much
too wide to type on comfortably.

The other obvious advantage over smaller phones is screen size. The 6 Plus's
display is big enough to transform activities that are a bit unpleasant on small
smartphones into tasks that are nearly comfortable to perform on a phone. These
tasks range from watching movies to reading documents to scrolling through
spreadsheets to sorting through email -- anything where the display counts, and
where you're eager to save your eyes.

The 6 Plus's advantage over other phablets is also pretty obvious: It runs
Apple's iOS, an operating system that is still far more intuitive and
user-friendly than the interfaces that rivals like Samsung have built into their
phones.

It's true, as Molly notes, that unlike Apple, Android phonemakers have added
many extra software features to take advantage of phablets' larger displays,
including the ability to run two apps on a screen at once. But I've found many
such features gimmicky; it's not often that I need to watch a video and sort
through email at the same time.

What's more important is iOS's fundamental usability advantage over rivals.
Apple's operating system is easier to understand and easier to get around than
Android, and app developers still devote most of their resources to creating the
best apps for iOS first.

One oft-mentioned risk of the 6 Plus, for Apple, is that the big phone will
displace sales of Apple's tablets. But the Plus could actually be a blessing.
Apple sells the 6 Plus to carriers for prices starting at $750; the
high-definition iPad Mini starts at $399.

But to customers who sign up for a cellular contract, the 6 Plus appears cheaper
than the iPad -- it's just $299. In other words, if you choose a big iPhone over
an iPad, Apple will be selling you a more expensive device at price that looks
cheaper to you. So that's the other big thing about phablets: They can make
money for tech companies.

Every weekday, get the latest news and analysis about the technology industry
delivered to your inbox. Sign up for the Bits Tech Update here.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/18/technology/personaltech/review-apple-
iphone-6-plus-phablet.html

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: An iPhone 6 Plus is a viable alternative to a laptop like the
Apple MacBook Air, especially with a keyboard add-on. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM
WILSON/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 The phone is too wide to comfortably type on in landscape mode, but the
keyboard includes some less-typical options, like cut and paste. (B5)  DRAWING
(DRAWING BY STUART GOLDENBERG)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Meteor, 3 Ireland pre-sell iPhone 6;
iPhone 6

LENGTH: 212 words



HIGHLIGHT: Both Meteor and 3 Ireland today said they are taking pre-orders for
the highly anticipated launch in Ireland of the new Apple iPhone 6.


Both Meteor and 3 Ireland today said they are taking pre-orders for the highly
anticipated launch in Ireland of the new Apple iPhone 6.

The latest must-have gadget will be available to pre-order on Meteor from today
for delivery next Friday.

It prices the iPhone 6 (16GB) from E99 on Meteor's Smart Classic price plan,
which includes 6GB of 4G data along with Unlimited Calls and Texts. The iPhone 6
Plus will be available from E199 on the same price plan, it said.

Three said pre-registration numbers for the new phone have been significant and
are expected to sell out quickly. It said that the iPhone 6 will be available
from E179 and the iPhone 6 Plus will be available from E279 on our E55 a month
price plan. Commenting on the pre-sale launch, Elaine Carey, Chief Commercial
Officer at Three, said: "We are delighted to be able to launch the newest iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus so soon after the handset announcement from Apple. There has
been a great level of interest in the new iPhones from customers, and we expect
to sell out promptly. Our 'All You Can Eat' data offer is still the best value
proposition in the market. Combined with either of the exciting new iPhone
handsets, Three continues to offer the best value for customers." For more,
visit www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Airtel spices iPhone 6 deals with insurance plan

BYLINE: NATION REPORTER -1

LENGTH: 160  words


Price ranges between Sh85,999 and Sh95,999 depending on the memory size. The
iPhone 6 plus, on the other hand, is retailing at Sh105,999.

Customers who buy Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus from Airtel Kenya's shops
will have the devices insured against theft or accidental damage for two years.
The insurance is in addition to the default one-year warranty from Apple, Airtel
Kenya chief executive Adil El Youssefi said.
The company is also offering data plans for customers who buy the phone. Those
buying iPhone 6 will get 3GB data a month for three months while iPhone 6 plus
buyers will get 4GB data a month for four months.
Price ranges between Sh85,999 and Sh95,999 depending on the memory size. The
iPhone 6 plus, on the other hand, is retailing at Sh105,999.
Airtel's deal is part of a growing trend that has seen insurance companies
strike partnerships with phone manufacturers and telcoms in order to get better
access to the growing smartphones market.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new devices have different look, feel

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 392  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum. Instead
of the blockier older look, though, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin - much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light - light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices seems to detract from the premium feel that Apple has
cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones have the new "Retina HD" screens; however, the 6 Plus benefits from
having a larger one. Both screens produce clear, crisp images. Visiting ESPN
with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right-hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily was not able to test
the Facetime burst function or the time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two screen sizes and three technically different models (six
altogether), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It is not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course, looks are in the eye of the beholder.
And although other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches,
Apple's device is rectangular.

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the devices
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full, hands-on test drive with
the software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

(China Daily 09/11/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new devices have different look, feel

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 392  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum. Instead
of the blockier older look, though, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin - much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light - light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices seems to detract from the premium feel that Apple has
cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones have the new "Retina HD" screens; however, the 6 Plus benefits from
having a larger one. Both screens produce clear, crisp images. Visiting ESPN
with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right-hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily was not able to test
the Facetime burst function or the time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two screen sizes and three technically different models (six
altogether), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It is not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course, looks are in the eye of the beholder.
And although other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches,
Apple's device is rectangular.

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the devices
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full, hands-on test drive with
the software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

(China Daily 09/11/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new devices have different look, feel

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 392  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum. Instead
of the blockier older look, though, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin - much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light - light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices seems to detract from the premium feel that Apple has
cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones have the new "Retina HD" screens; however, the 6 Plus benefits from
having a larger one. Both screens produce clear, crisp images. Visiting ESPN
with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right-hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily was not able to test
the Facetime burst function or the time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two screen sizes and three technically different models (six
altogether), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It is not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course, looks are in the eye of the beholder.
And although other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches,
Apple's device is rectangular.

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the devices
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full, hands-on test drive with
the software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

(China Daily 09/11/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

UK robots declare iPhone 6 stronger than Galaxy S5

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 312 words



HIGHLIGHT: Tests also found that you shouldn't be dropping you iPhone 6 Plus
from 4ft.


A breakability test conducted in the UK has found that Apple's iPhone 6 is more
robust than the Samsung Galaxy S5.

The test, carried out by robots that assess mobile phones on their size, weight,
panel strength, and drop endurance, gives marks out of 10 on a 'breakability
index', with a score of 10 signifying the highest risk.

SquareTrade, the team behind the robots, said that Apple's new iPhone 6 scored a
4 out of 10, compared to the iPhone 6 Plus scoring a 5, and the Samsung Galaxy
S5 lagging behind with a 6.5.

SquareTrade also announced the UK results of a international study quantifying
the amount spent by consumers on repairs to smartphones and tablets. In the UK,
almost £5 billion has been spent on repairs in the last two years, claims
SquareTrade.

Kevin Gillan, European managing director for SquareTrade said: "These figures
make the term 'hand held' look like a bit of an exaggeration. They suggest that
for many of us, holding on to our mobile phone is as straightforward as holding
on to a slippery eel."

The robotic tests also examined how far the phones slide when pushed across a
table on their backs, how well they withstand drops from 4 feet and how well
they perform during and after being dunked in water for 10 seconds.

The iPhone 5s, which measures 4 inches and came out last year, also fared better
than Samsung's Galaxy S5, which measures 5.1 inches. The Samsung phone got poor
marks on several tests including the slide test. The more a phone slides, the
greater its chance of falling off the edge of a table.

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus passed the slide test, but the iPhone 5s and
Samsung Galaxy's S5 got poor marks in that area. The iPhone 6 Plus was the only
one that didn't do well when dropped 4 feet by the robot. The glass screen
survived, but the case separated from the phone. All four phones fared well in
the water resistance test.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             August 23, 2015 Sunday

Apple starts iSight Camera replacement program for iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 203  words


Apple has started iSight Camera replacement program for iPhone 6 Plus

Apple (http://indianexpress.com/tag/apple/) has started iSight camera
replacement for a small percentage of iPhone 6 Plus devices sold between
September 2014 and January 2015. According to Apple
(http://www.apple.com/in/support/iphone6plus-isightcamera/), "the iSight camera
has a component that may fail causing your photos to look blurry."

The affected iPhone 6 Plus fall into a limited serial number range and Apple
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/apple/) will replace affected device's iSight
camera free of charge. Users can type their iPhone serial number here to check
if their phone (http://www.apple.com/support/iphone6plus-isightcamera/)is
eligible for replacement.

The affected iPhone can be submitted at any authorised Apple
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/apple/) service provider for replacement upon
inspection to verify the eligibility of device under the replacement program.

Apple (http://indianexpress.com/tag/apple/) also points out that in case an
iPhone 6 Plus has other damages as well, "such as a cracked screen which impairs
the camera replacement," then you will have to pay up to fix that, so that the
camera issue can be resolved.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 to sell in India at starting price of R53,500

LENGTH: 125  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be sold in India from October 17 at
starting price of Rs 53,500. Pre-orders for the phones will begin on Tuesday.

Both iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus come in three versions in terms of storage: 16
GB, 64 GB and 128 GB.

The Apple iPhone 6 16 GB is priced Rs 53,500, the 64 Gb at Rs 62,500 and 128 GB
at Rs 71,500. The three iPhone 6 plus models have been priced at Rs 62,500,
71,500 and Rs 80,500, respectively. This will make the new iPhones the costliest
mobile phones available in the Indian market.

The phones in India are, however, priced about 10-17 per cent higher compared to
its retail price in US. Amazon website showed that iPhone 6 is selling for
around $750 in the US which amounts to about Rs 46,000. With PTI

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      October 1, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Is Earning $513 On Sale Of Every iPhone 6s Plus Unit; New iPhones Smash
All Sales Record

BYLINE: Mohul Ghosh

LENGTH: 505  words


It seems that the China experiment has worked wonderfully for Apple. As per
reports coming in, Apple has managed to sell 13 million iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus units during the launch weekend, a figure which exceeds market
expectations, and Apple's own record.

The new models of iPhone were launched on September 25th.

Within next three days, Apple records a sale of 13 million for these units;
whereas market was expecting a figure of 10-11 million. Last year, first weekend
sale of iPhone 6 and 6s was 10 million units.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said
(http://www.apple.com/pr/library/2015/09/28Apple-Announces-Record-iPhone-6s-
iPhone-6s-Plus-Sales.html) in a statement, "Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first-weekend sales results
in Apple's history,"

As per tech observers, China has a very important role to play in this
record-smashing sale, as the new iPhone models were available for Chinese
customers on the launch date. This added to the momentum, and triggered a
sales-frenzy which is normally associated with Apple products.

By October 9th, these new models would be available in other European countries
such as Belgium, Greece, Mexico, Russia and Taiwan; by October 10th, Middle East
would be covered as the new models would be available across Bahrain, Jordan,
Qatar, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.

India will have to wait till October 16th, when the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus would be available in Indian sub-continent, besides Malaysia and Turkey.

Every iPhone 6s Plus Makes $513 for Apple!

Meanwhile, research firm IHS has said that every sale of iPhone 6s Plus is
making a profit of $513
(http://www.moneycontrol.com/news/world-news/apple-rakes36513every-iphone-6s-
plus-sale_3360281.html) for Apple. Even if we assume that out of 13 million, 50%
were iPhone 6s Plus, then it makes a weekend collection of $3.3 billion for
Apple!

As per IHS, Apple spends $236 on manufacturing, distributing and selling each
iPhone 6s Plus device; and its sold for $749, which is a whopping 217.4% margin
on every device.

Providing a further breakdown, IHS informed that bills for material for a 16 GB
iPhone 6s Plus comes at $231.50, which increases to $236 after adding
manufacturing cost.

Although the new 6s Plus costs only $16 more than iPhone 6 Plus model, but the
low costs of component have exponentially increased the margins.

The Most Expensive Component of iPhone 6s Plus

As per research by IHS, the screen of an 6s Plus model costs $52.50, which makes
it the most expensive component of this mobile phone. This new screen has the
3-D touch feature, which can carry out different tasks, based on the amount of
pressure applied.

The front facing and main camera, together costs $22.50 for each device (for 6s
Plus, the main camera is 12 MP, increased from 8 MP last last)

Another interesting finding: For Apple, a 64 GB variant costs only $17 more than
16 GB variant to manufacture and sell; but while selling it, they charge $100
more. Another huge money spinner for Apple!

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

iPhone 6 draws the must-have line;
Some waited overnight for the latest Apple phone, profit or both

BYLINE: RICHARD MULLINS; Tribune staff

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; NationWorld; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1199 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple devotees will be lining up for the iPhone6. The Internatioal
Plaza site typically gets overnight lines.


Travis Stanford rather shyly confessed Friday that he had more than $1,400 in
motivation to stay overnight on the sidewalk at International Plaza mall to be
first in line for the iPhone 6. He's got a buyer on the side.

The money has already cleared my PayPal account, said Stanford, who did buy one
phone for himself, so it wasn't all just capitalism. There are so few iPhone 6
in the Plus sizes, there's a shortage now, and they're not shipping them for
months.. So a buddy of mine paid me to be here.

Stanford was one of thousands of Apple devotees in and around Tampa, and hordes
more around the world, who again lined up, some overnight, to be among the first
to buy the latest iPhone.

In this case it's the iPhone 6 and a larger version called the iPhone 6 Plus
that counts more as a phablet, or phone-tablet combination.

Apple has seen record preorders for the phone, and some iPhone 6 Plus buyers who
didn't get their orders in early enough may have to wait until Apple catches up
with production demands.

Tampa's International Plaza mall was again the site of devoted Apple buyers
willing to stay overnight for a place in line, even if that meant sleeping on
the sidewalks amid the trash bins behind the mall, where security staff are now
used to stationing portable toilets.

By 8 a.m., several hundred people were waiting to get in. Greg Rainha was at the
front.

We got here about 9 o'clock, and based on two years ago, we thought it would
come in handy to get here a little bit early, Rainha said. It turns out that I
was the first person to preorder in this area, so they let me in. I was standing
in line and got here, and it went really fast, so I'm really stoked.

With the new phone finally in hand, Rainha gave a quick critique. I got to say
it's incredibly light, he said. The curve on it is amazing. I really am stoked
about how really thin (it is). The profile is awesome. It's actually a little
bit smoother than the5.

Rainha's girlfriend, Abigail Russell, came along to stay in line with him and
considered the whole experience entertainment.

So much of life now you do online; there's no real experience, she said. You get
that experience when you come out to something like this.

Rainha's co-worker Jim Thompson gave him some friendly grief because he was
actually in line ahead of Rainha but got out of the store later because of a
breakdown in Apple's checkout system.

Yeah, the Plus size is a lot bigger, he said, flipping around his new white
phone. But if it doesn't fit in my pocket, I'll get bigger pockets.

At the AT&T store in South Tampa, more than 100 people were waiting outside when
the doors opened at 8 a.m. Friday. The line started forming about 10 p.m.
Thursday, with Romulus Ignat at the front, AT&T spokeswoman Karen McAllister
said.

Ignat, of Tampa, said he made a last-minute decision to camp out so he could get
the iPhone 6 Plus.

Adding to the demand, Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint all launched offers for
people to trade in their old iPhones for discounts on the new iPhone 6, which
boasts a larger screen, and the ability to turn on wireless payments.

That payment system should go live in waves as different retailers and banks
build out their systems to handle the transactions. Nike, Target, Bank of
America and others already have signed up for the system, called Apple Pay.

As for Stanford, who was paid to stand in line, he said he's not done yet. It's
a payday, he said. I may head over to Tyrone Square mall to get another one.

rmullins@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7919

Twitter: @DailyDeadline

Photojournalist Jay Conner contributed to this report.

iPHONE, Page 8

Travis Stanford rather shyly confessed Friday that he had more than $1,400 in
motivation to stay overnight on the sidewalk at International Plaza mall to be
first in line for the iPhone 6. He's got a buyer on the side.

The money has already cleared my PayPal account, said Stanford, who did buy one
phone for himself, so it wasn't all just capitalism. There are so few iPhone 6
in the Plus sizes, there's a shortage now, and they're not shipping them for
months.. So a buddy of mine paid me to be here.

Stanford was one of thousands of Apple devotees in and around Tampa, and hordes
more around the world, who again lined up, some overnight, to be among the first
to buy the latest iPhone.

In this case it's the iPhone 6 and a larger version called the iPhone 6 Plus
that counts more as a phablet, or phone-tablet combination.

Apple has seen record preorders for the phone, and some iPhone 6 Plus buyers who
didn't get their orders in early enough may have to wait until Apple catches up
with production demands.

Tampa's International Plaza mall was again the site of devoted Apple buyers
willing to stay overnight for a place in line, even if that meant sleeping on
the sidewalks amid the trash bins behind the mall, where security staff are now
used to stationing portable toilets.

By 8 a.m., several hundred people were waiting to get in. Greg Rainha was at the
front.

We got here about 9 o'clock, and based on two years ago, we thought it would
come in handy to get here a little bit early, Rainha said. It turns out that I
was the first person to preorder in this area, so they let me in. I was standing
in line and got here, and it went really fast, so I'm really stoked.

With the new phone finally in hand, Rainha gave a quick critique. I got to say
it's incredibly light, he said. The curve on it is amazing. I really am stoked
about how really thin (it is). The profile is awesome. It's actually a little
bit smoother than the5.

Rainha's girlfriend, Abigail Russell, came along to stay in line with him and
considered the whole experience entertainment.

So much of life now you do online; there's no real experience, she said. You get
that experience when you come out to something like this.

Rainha's co-worker Jim Thompson gave him some friendly grief because he was
actually in line ahead of Rainha but got out of the store later because of a
breakdown in Apple's checkout system.

Yeah, the Plus size is a lot bigger, he said, flipping around his new white
phone. But if it doesn't fit in my pocket, I'll get bigger pockets.

At the AT&T store in South Tampa, more than 100 people were waiting outside when
the doors opened at 8 a.m. Friday. The line started forming about 10 p.m.
Thursday, with Romulus Ignat at the front, AT&T spokeswoman Karen McAllister
said.

Ignat, of Tampa, said he made a last-minute decision to camp out so he could get
the iPhone 6 Plus.

Adding to the demand, Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint all launched offers for
people to trade in their old iPhones for discounts on the new iPhone 6, which
boasts a larger screen, and the ability to turn on wireless payments.

That payment system should go live in waves as different retailers and banks
build out their systems to handle the transactions. Nike, Target, Bank of
America and others already have signed up for the system, called Apple Pay.

As for Stanford, who was paid to stand in line, he said he's not done yet. It's
a payday, he said. I may head over to Tyrone Square mall to get another one.

rmullins@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7919

Twitter: @DailyDeadline

Photojournalist Jay Conner contributed to this report.

iPhone

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Reinvention of the iPhone

LENGTH: 749 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Sept. 12 -- Since Apple released its iPhone 5s in 2013, Apple fans have
been waiting for a long time for a new addition to their iPhone family. Apple
responded with the iPhone 6, scheduled to be released on September 19, 2014.

The iPhone 6 makes significant changes to the iPhone line, with sleek new design
elements and marks Apple's journey into bigger screens. The new iPhone 6 is
impressive in the fact that it represents one of the biggest overhauls that
Apple has performed on the iPhone line since their release of the iPhone 4.

The biggest change you notice on the iPhone 6 is how Apple has implemented a new
hardware design to the phone. The phone gets rid of the sharp edges of the
iPhone 5s to make way for more soft rounded edges and an ergonomic design that
sits well on the palm. The phone feels more like its tablet brother the iPad Air
with a metallic finish that almost feels ceramic. The rounded edges of the phone
make it feel ticker that it really is and it also makes it prone to more
accidental drops than the sharp edges of its predecessor.

Another design change that Apple seems to have implemented is curved glass
around the edges of the phone, which, although not so significant, brings a
fresh feel to an old design.

Apple has also decided to go with the power on the right spine of the phone,
probably because of the bigger screen. It is a welcome change in comparison to
the button on top.

The screen on the iPhone 6 is bigger and will come as a welcome change to Apple
users envious of phone like the S5 or the HTC One.

The phone comes in two variations primarily separated on the basis of their
screen. The iPhone 6 boats a 4.7-inch display which still seems like a child in
front of the massive 5.1-inch screen of the Samsung S5. The iPhone 6 Plus,
however, comes with a bigger 5.5-inch screen with a much higher resolution. The
iPhone 6 Plus seems like a competitor for Phablets like the Galaxy Note series
but it still is dwarfed by the 5.7-inch display of the Galaxy Note 4.

Apple has also implemented a newer variation of its retina display technology on
the iPhone 6, that they call 'Retina HD'. The new screen has the same
pixel-density of 326ppi of the iPhone 5 with a 1334x750 resolution. The bigger
plus version of the phone comes with a 401ppi density with a 1,080p full HD
resolution.

The screen on the iPhone 6 is bigger and will come as a welcome change to Apple
users envious of phone like the S5 or the HTC One.

Although the iPhone does fall back in the light of newer phones with full HD
resolutions (even the plus version falls behind Samsung Galaxy Note 4's
2560x1440 resolutions), the phone does not look bad. The display is crisp and
for a screen that is smaller than 5-inches, approx. 720p resolution does not
look that bad.

In terms of performance upgrades, Apple has equipped the iPhone 6 with their
newest line of A8 processors that Apple claims to have 50 percent faster
graphics and a 25 percent faster CPU. In terms of sensors, the iPhone 6 also has
new sensor tricks that will give you information about elevation, air pressure
or distance estimates. These new sensors should help Apple with more of their
fitness apps. The Wi-Fi on the phone is also expected to be faster with support
for faster connections. The battery of the phone has also been upgraded, and the
phone is rated to run 11 hours on Wi-Fi video. A big addition to the phone is a
US-only service called the Apple Pay that packs the NFC technology that lets you
pay with your phone.

Looking at the software aspect of the phone, the iPhone 6 comes installed with
the latest version of their mobile operating system, the iOS 8. The iOS 8 looks
pretty much like the iOS 7 and brings almost no noticeable change to the
user-interface but it adds a few new features, like a new keyboard, better
notification center and Android-like widgets.

The iPhone 6 seems like an important step that Apple needed to take in their
modernization of the iPhone line but Apple still lags far behind when it comes
to newer standards that have been employed by their competitors.

But the iPhone has never been the fastest, the largest or the smallest phone,
and yet it seems to be doing well. So the new addition to Apple's iPhone line
could be an upgrade that many Apple users might have been looking for.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone apple of their eyes

BYLINE: Shafaat Shahbandari Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 427 words


Dubai: For die-hard iPhone fans price doesn't seem to be an issue. They are
willing to pay any amount just to lay their hands on the new gadgets from Apple
Inc.

Apple announced the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on September 9 and the
new phones were released in the US and other major markets on September 19.

In the UAE, the new iPhones will be officially launched on September 27, but
die-hard iPhone fans have already got their units through the grey market at
exorbitant prices.

"I bought the iPhone 6Plus 16GB on September 20 for Dh7,000 and then I sold it
to a friend. The next day I purchased iPhone 6 for Dh5,500. I wait for the
launch of new iPhones every year and I love to grab it first thing," said
Mohammad Ghulamhazad, an Afghan businessman.

Ghulamhazad is one of thousands in Dubai who have already got their most coveted
object within the first few days of its launch.

Among the earliest buyers is Mohammad Tayyeb, who purchased iPhone 6 on
September 20 and can't take his eyes off it.

"I can't explain the feeling of having it first among friends. It's a matter of
prestige and pride. I just love the feeling and the phone is really amazing,"
said Tayyeb, who paid Dh5,000.

The prices have come down from the first two days and are expected to go down
further by the weekend.

"I always wanted Apple to build a big screen iPhone and now that they have
launched it, I couldn't wait to have it. I love the feel and speed of iPhone
6Plus and I can't stop admiring it. I know the prices are going down but I
couldn't wait any more," said Sher Nai, a Chinese tourist, who bought iPhone 6
Plus 16GB for Dh6,000 on Monday.

All variants of the new iPhones are readily available in the electronics market
in Deira but the prices vary depending on the memory size of the phones as well
as the warranty.

"The demand for the new iPhones, mostly the iPhone6, has been unprecedented. We
sell around 80 to 100 units per day in retail and many more in wholesale as
well. Most of our customers are tourists from Russia, Africa, China and Eastern
Europe," Khaleel Khudadost, a sales executive at Royal Cell Phones near Baniyas
Square, said.

Interestingly, the response to 6 Plus with a screen size of 5 inches, which was
eagerly awaited, hasn't been great.

"There is not much demand for iPhone 6 Plus, I guess it is because the size is
new for iPhones and people are still not confident. Also, the price is a bit
high. Probably when the price goes down there could be a better response," said
a salesman at Ali Dahery Electronics who has sold more than 1,000 phones
already.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Asian Image

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Jameel and Sam are first to get hold of new iPhone 6

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


One of the first people to get his hands on the new iPhone this morning felt "on
top of the world" and said he wanted to celebrate by taking a selfie.

Jameel Ahmed, 26, and his friend Sam Sheikh, 27, originally from India and now
living in London, were the first two technology fans through the doors of the
Apple store in Covent Garden to pick up the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
handsets.

Leaving with his purchase, Mr Ahmed said he was "really excited", adding: "I'd
like to open it and take my selfie."

Hundreds of people queued outside the store and took part in a 10-second
countdown before the doors opened at 8am and cheering fans were escorted in by
staff.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London, on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the store yesterday, with tents,
tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing testimony to their
dedication.

Mr Ahmed said: "It's a challenge with my friends that I'll have the iPhone
first."

Mr Sheikh said he was glad his pursuit of a new iPhone was more successful than
his last attempt, when he queued for almost seven nights and felt like a
"loser". He said he was feeling "very excited, very content, very successful".
On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with more than four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday

New Products: Belkin Road Rockstar, Razer Tartarus Chroma and more

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 538 words


Belkin Road Rockstar CAR TECH

$79

If you are planning to go on a long road trip overseas, you may want to take
along Belkin's new Road Rockstar. It is a four-port passenger car charger with
two USB 2.4amp ports at the cigarette lighter connector with an extendable hub
that provides two more USB 2.4amp ports.

The hub is connected to the cigarette lighter connector via a 1.8m cable and
comes with a clip, so it can be slotted easily into a car's backseat pocket for
passengers in the back to charge their devices.

Epson EH-LS10000 Home Theatre Projector PROJECTOR

$10,999, available exclusively at KEC Sound System

Equipped with the world's first dual-laser 3LCD-Reflective optical engine
technology, the Epson EH-LS10000 is able to produce 1,500 lumens of colour and
white light brightness. It is also said to have improved pixel density, high
contrast and a long service life of 20,000 hours. Epson's 4K enhancement
technology can make 1,080p full high-definition videos look like 4K videos. Its
Bright 3D Technology allows for double image refresh rate.

Moshi Muse 12 LAPTOP SLEEVE

$49.90

The Moshi Muse 12 is a laptop sleeve specially designed for your sleek new Apple
MacBook.

Its padded exterior protects it against accidental scrapes and bumps, while its
soft microfibre interior helps to wipe off smudges and fingerprints when you
insert or remove your MacBook.

The Muse 12 features an opening flap named SlipGrip by its maker. This acts as a
safety catch to prevent accidental slippage.

There is also an outer pocket for you to store your cables and adapters.

iFans Slim Battery Case for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus IPHONE CASE

$89 (for iPhone 6), $99 (for iPhone 6 Plus)

With the new iFans Slim Battery Case, you do not need to pay over $100 to get a
battery case for your iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

It comes in the form of a casing for the back of the phone, with two
interchangeable bumpers to provide all-round protection.

It has an internal lithium-polymer battery of 3,100mAh (for iPhone 6) or
4,000mAh for (iPhone 6 Plus) to provide up to 130 per cent of extra battery life
for your iPhone.

It has an auto-off function that stops charging when your iPhone is fully
charged. Even with the iPhone mounted, it is only 15.2mm thick and will easily
fit into your pocket.

Asus R9 390X DirectCU II GRAPHICS CARD

$739

Powered by the latest AMD's Radeon R 390X graphics processing unit with 8GB of
video memory, the Asus R9 390X DirectCU II graphics card supports a maximum
resolution of 4,096 x 2,160 pixels. Using Asus' exclusive DirectCU II thermal
design, this graphics card is said to run 20 per cent cooler and three times
quieter than reference graphics cards.

It has two DVI ports, one HDMI port and one DisplayPort.

Razer Tartarus Chroma GAMING KEYPAD

$119.90

First-person shooter gamers, take note. The new Razer Tartarus Chroma gaming
keypad is here for you to gain a combat edge in your virtual battles.

The ergonomic gaming keypad comes with 25 fully programmable anti-ghosting keys,
including an eight-way directional thumbpad, for customised binding, macros and
hotkeys. This latest Tartarus uses Razer's Chroma lighting so that you can
customise its backlighting from an option of 16.8 million colours.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Belkin Road Rockstar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple's Diwali bonanza: iPhone 6 to hit stores in India on Oct 17

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 10 -- The much-anticipated Apple's smartphones iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus will arrive in India this festival season to take on challengers like LG
G3, HTC One and Galaxy Note 4.

Apple will launch its new smartphones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus alongside
the smart watch in India from October 17, according to the company's India
website.

Meanwhile, the smartphone giant will release iPhone 6 to selected countries on
September 19 which includes Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK.

On Tuesday, Apple Inc has launched two new sizes of iPhone and as per rumors,
the new models come in 4.7- and 5.5-inch versions. The new devices are known as
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, respectively.

But the biggest announcement has been the launch of Apple Watch, the Company's
first foray into the world of wearable technology. It boasts of features like
inductive charging, sapphire glass, swappable bands, a heartbeat sensor and a
rotating digital crown.

The watch will come in two different sizes and three different collections:
Watch, Watch Sport and Watch Edition. Prices start at USD 349 and the Apple
Watch will be available "early next year."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2014 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                        June 3, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Coming to Grubhub's Customers

LENGTH: 292  words


June 3 -- Grubhub, the nation's leading online and mobile food-ordering and
delivery platform, today brings its customers Apple Pay, which is transforming
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and
convenient.

"We're always looking for ways to make it easier for our diners to find and
order the type of food they want, when they want it, from their favorite local
restaurants," said Sudev Balakrishnan, SVP of Product for Grubhub. "We're
thrilled to bring the ease of use of Apple Pay to our diners. It offers another
quick and convenient way for them to pay for their meals, whether they're at
home or on the go."

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by credit and debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works
with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and
AppleWatch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone SE, iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini
4 and iPad Pro.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit
card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor
on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/apple-pay/

Source: Grubhub

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday
                                 First Edition

Apple adds wow factor to iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: PHONE HOME KATIE CINCOTTA

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Livewire; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 277 words


Apple has caught up to the phablet trend set by Android phones and is showcasing
how bigger is better for screen size, processing, photography and battery power.
After two weeks with Apple's voluptuous handset, I can say this phone is built
to hypnotise - its curves are in all the right places; super thin but wide at
5.5 well-rounded inches, with tough Gorilla glass and a 401-pixel-per-inch
Retina HD display.

There are some premium Android phones to match the wow factor of the iPhone, but
none that has the photographic advancements of a five-element lens with a
sapphire crystal cover, auto focus that doesn't require you to touch the screen,
and slo-mo video at 240 frames a second. If iPhone could introduce Android's
share functionality to load photos and posts to your networks, it would attain
perfection.

Apple may have finally conquered battery life, the Plus staying juiced beyond 24
hours. Even hammering it on social media and video, it still only needed
charging every second day. The speed of the 64-bit A8 chip and 4G LTE on this
device is astonishing. Moving across the screen feels so fast and smooth it's
slippery.

Yes, there are negatives. Folks who want to keep their phone in the back jeans
pocket will hate the Plus size, which hangs out the top. And it's not waterproof
like the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Sony Xperia Z2. The NFC promise of tap-and-pay
isn't coming to Australia until 2015 and will be locked to Apply Pay. But if you
can live with those drawbacks and can afford the designer pricing, iPhone 6 Plus
is a stunner.

iPhone 6 Plus 128GB model, RRP $1249.

Katie Cincotta travelled to Sydney as a guest of Apple for the iPhone 6 launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Curvy: The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Apple adds wow factor to iPhone 6 Plus;
THE EXPERT VIEW - PHONE HOME

BYLINE: KATIE CINCOTTA

SECTION: GREEN GUIDE; Livewire; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 277 words


Apple has caught up to the phablet trend set by Android phones and is showcasing
how bigger is better for screen size, processing, photography and battery power.
After two weeks with Apple's voluptuous handset, I can say this phone is built
to hypnotise - its curves are in all the right places; super thin but wide at
5.5 well-rounded inches, with tough Gorilla glass and a 401-pixel-per-inch
Retina HD display.

There are some premium Android phones to match the wow factor of the iPhone, but
none that has the photographic advancements of a five-element lens with a
sapphire crystal cover, auto focus that doesn't require you to touch the screen,
and slo-mo video at 240 frames a second. If iPhone could introduce Android's
share functionality to load photos and posts to your networks, it would attain
perfection.

Apple may have finally conquered battery life, the Plus staying juiced beyond 24
hours. Even hammering it on social media and video, it still only needed
charging every second day. The speed of the 64-bit A8 chip and 4G LTE on this
device is astonishing. Moving across the screen feels so fast and smooth it's
slippery.

Yes, there are negatives. Folks who want to keep their phone in the back jeans
pocket will hate the Plus size, which hangs out the top. And it's not waterproof
like the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Sony Xperia Z2. The NFC promise of tap-and-pay
isn't coming to Australia until 2015 and will be locked to Apply Pay. But if you
can live with those drawbacks and can afford the designer pricing, iPhone 6 Plus
is a stunner.

iPhone 6 Plus 128GB model, RRP $1249.

Katie Cincotta travelled to Sydney as a guest of Apple for the iPhone 6 launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Curvy: The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

First-Weekend Sales of 2 Apple iPhones Top 10 Million

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN and MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 870 words


Apple's investors obsess over early iPhone sales like Hollywood producers
tracking opening ticket sales for a blockbuster movie.

A big weekend is usually a healthy predictor of consumer demand for the holiday
season -- not just for Apple, but for the entire consumer electronics industry.

Those Apple watchers can rest easy because the company's new iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus are no bust. Apple said on Monday that it had sold 10 million units of
its new and bigger iPhones over the weekend, up from the nine million iPhones it
sold last year in the first weekend of sales for the previous generation of
iPhones.

The iPhone is still Apple's biggest cash cow, accounting for about 70 percent of
its profit. So early sales can help predict quarterly or even annual results for
the company, based in Cupertino, Calif.

Now the momentum from the new iPhones' strong opening weekend is expected to
help carry Apple to record sales this holiday quarter. Maynard Um, a senior
research analyst for Wells Fargo, predicts Apple will sell about 58 million
iPhones in the holiday quarter, up from 51 million in that period a year ago.
Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, estimates Apple
will sell 55 million to 60 million iPhones in the holiday season.

The weekend iPhone sales, which were a record for Apple, were on the upper end
of financial analysts' predictions, which ranged from 6.5 million to the ''low
teens'' of millions of units.

The early results also reflect consumer demand for bigger phone screens. Both
new iPhones have much larger screens than the 4 inches of earlier versions: the
iPhone 6's screen is 4.7 inches diagonal and the 6 Plus is 5.5 inches diagonal.

The only real surprise to some analysts is that Apple held out so long before
releasing smartphones that kept pace with large-screen competitors from
companies like Samsung Electronics, HTC and Nokia, which have been offering
so-called phablets -- a blurring of the line between a phone and a tablet
computing device -- for several years.

''It's really unusual that a company avoids a hot product category as long as
Apple has been avoiding phablets,'' said Tero Kuittinen, a managing director for
Frank N. Magid Associates, a technology research company. ''Every other vendor
jumped on the phablet train.''

As is typical with Apple product introductions, some customers stayed up late to
order the new iPhones online while others slept in garbage bags outside Apple
Stores. But notably, none of them were in China. Apple has delayed the release
of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus there, apparently because the devices have not
received approval from Chinese regulators.

IDC, a research company, estimated that at least 20 percent of all smartphones
shipped last year in China, the largest smartphone market, were five inches or
larger.

''Even without China, Apple was able to move $6.5 billion of product in three
days, which would be impressive for any industry,'' said Walter Piecyk, managing
director at BTIG Research.

Apple's share price rose slightly Monday, ending the day up 0.1 percent to
$101.06.

Still, some analysts, like Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray, wondered whether
first-weekend sales were still a reliable measure of consumer demand. The iPhone
is already immensely popular in many countries, he noted before Apple's weekend
results, so early sales may be more of a sign of how many iPhones can initially
be produced by Apple and its manufacturing partners.

''The first-weekend iPhone sales number continues to be more about how much
Apple can supply than what the demand is in the market,'' Mr. Piecyk said.

Timothy D. Cook, chief executive of Apple, said as much on Monday.

''We could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply, and we are working
hard to fill orders as quickly as possible,'' he said in a statement.

The introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus was the second time Apple released
two new iPhones at the same time. Last year, it introduced the iPhone 5S with
the iPhone 5C, a colorful plastic model sold at a lower price.

Apple is not treating the iPhone 5C like past iPhones. Traditionally, Apple has
upgraded each iPhone once a year, with improvements like faster chips and better
cameras. However, this month, instead of announcing an upgrade for the iPhone
5C, Apple said it would continue to sell the exact same iPhone, but for less:
free with a contract.

Analysts say that it appears Apple's strategy all along for the iPhone 5C was to
sell an older, plastic iPhone over a longer period to allow the costs of
production and components to drop. That lets Apple decrease the price of the
plastic iPhone and increase market share in less affluent markets.

Although Apple is late to the party with bigger phones, Samsung of South Korea
could suffer the most. Samsung, the largest handset maker, has relied heavily on
larger screens as a selling point for its popular Galaxy smartphones.

Mr. Kuittinen of Magid Associates said that Samsung's smartphone sales were
already slowing before Apple introduced larger iPhones. So this holiday season
could look grim for Samsung and other handset makers.

''It's going to be a very scary Christmas for HTC, Samsung and LG,'' he said.
''This is really going to be crunch time.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/23/technology/apple-sells-10-million-new-
iphones-in-first-weekend.html

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Thousands waited Friday outside the Apple Store on Fifth Avenue
in Midtown Manhattan to buy the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Sales stayed
strong all weekend. (PHOTOGRAPH BY HIROKO MASUIKE/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B1)
Jamael Ahmed celebrated on Friday after being the first to buy an iPhone 6 at
the Apple Store at Covent Garden in London. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BEN A. PRUCHNIE/GETTY
IMAGES)
 Timothy Cook, Apple's chief, greeted customers Friday at a Palo  Alto, Calif.,
store where hundreds waited for the new iPhones. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JUSTIN
SULLIVAN/GETTY IMAGES) (B2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Ufone to offer iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan

LENGTH: 158  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Telecommunication service provider Ufone in partnership with Apple announced on
Friday the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan.

The popular smartphones will be made available to consumers under the banner of
the telecom service provider from Dec 11 this year.

Customers will be able to register online for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
Nov 28 at the company's website, a press statement said.

This is the first time that Apple has collaborated with a Pakistani
telecommunication provider for the launch of its signature smartphone.

Apple is considered one of the biggest names in technology-related products and
is widely believed to be the world's second-largest information technology
company.

Despite the phone's official unavailability in the country, iPhone enjoys a
large fan base in Pakistan, with many users already awaiting the entry of the
new product.

iPhone 6 was first officially introduced two months ago in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday
                               Bangalore Edition

iPhone 6s, 6s Plus Cheaper by up to 16%

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BRANDS & COMPANIES

LENGTH: 345 words


Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16% just
two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in what is
historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at ' . 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between ' . 55,000, according to
four . 52,000 and ' large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity .
The price cuts are across all variants \xAD 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB -of both
models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices
between launch time and now is about 15%,

a top executive at a national retailer said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers."The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at ' '92,000, about ' . 62,000-.
. 8,000. 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone ' 6 and 6 Plus. The models were
' . 14,000. 16,000 costlier than those available in ' the US, Middle East and
Hong Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever

quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62% to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting . 24,999, almost half its September at
' price.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 10:16 AM GMT

iPhone fans snap up new handsets

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 392 words


One of the first people to get his hands on the new iPhone this morning felt "on
top of the world" and said he wanted to celebrate by taking a selfie.

Jameel Ahmed, 26, and his friend Sam Sheikh, 27, originally from India and now
living in London, were the first two technology fans through the doors of the
Apple store in Covent Garden to pick up the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
handsets.

Leaving with his purchase, Mr Ahmed said he was "really excited", adding: "I'd
like to open it and take my selfie."

Hundreds of people queued outside the store and took part in a 10-second
countdown before the doors opened at 8am and cheering fans were escorted in by
staff.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London, on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the store yesterday, with tents,
tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing testimony to their
dedication.

Mr Ahmed said: "It's a challenge with my friends that I'll have the iPhone
first."

Mr Sheikh said he was glad his pursuit of a new iPhone was more successful than
his last attempt, when he queued for almost seven nights and felt like a
"loser". He said he was feeling "very excited, very content, very successful".
On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with more than four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      October 20, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

5 Reasons to Upgrade to iPhone 6S & 6S Plus

LENGTH: 437  words


Here is why you should upgrade your existing iPhone 5, 5S or 6 to latest iPhone
6S or 6S Plus!

Tuesday, October 20, 2015: Apple just released the next generation of iPhones in
India. iPhone 6S and 6S Plus flaunt Apple's latest hardware and software
technology. The phones were made available within a month after the global
announcement. With the kind of price point iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are at,
existing iPhone users are in dilemma of upgrading to next generation iPhone
6S/6S Plus. Today we have listed 5 reasons why you should upgrade to iPhone 6S,
6S Plus.

1. 3D Touch

Apple for the firs time has introduced force touch technology in smartphone. The
technology was debuted for Apple Watch in last year. 3D Touch is set to change
the overall look and feel of iOS. The device automatically detects pressure on
the display and OS responds to it. You can quickly peek using gentle press. The
longer press will open up an array of essentials. Apple has opened up doors for
developers. Developers can leverage 3D Touch API to integrate the technology in
their apps.

2. Camera

New iPhones are packed with next generation camera technology. Apple has packed
the improved camera sensor in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. The specially of this
sensor is, it's packed with supporting advanced software technology to help you
click best pictures even in low light conditions. Apple has added optical image
stabilization and Retina Flash for selfie lovers. Retina Flash uses display
brightness to highlight the face while clicking self photographs.

3. 4K Video

Apple iPhone finally supports 4K video shooting. The new camera sensor and
faster A9 processor together have made 4K ultra high definition video recording
possible. The new video stabilization support in iPhone 6S Plus makes shooting
much easier. You can expect much more stable videos with iPhone 6S. The camera
now enables to capture slow motion vides in 1080p resolution at 120fps. You can
slow it further down and record in 720p at 240 fps.

4. Live Photos

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will enable the shooting of 3-seconds GIF. You can share
this animated picture on social media. Apple is planning to make the API
available to developers so that they can develop and enable app-to-app sharing
of Live Photos. This new additional can help you create livelier wallpapers.

5. Battery

Apple has teardown the battery capacity of iPhone 6S Plus. The 6S Plus comes
with 2750mAh battery whereas, iPhone 6 Plus packed 2915mAh battery. However,
Apple claims same talk-time and standby time on iPhone 6S Plus. The latest
software and hardware tweaks have enhanced the battery performance on new
iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 609 words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second- quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because the
supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Belfast's technophiles queue to get first bite at Apple's new iPhone

BYLINE: AMANDA FERGUSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 181 words


EAGER gadget fans in Belfast queued in droves to be the first to get their hands
on the new iPhone 6 (£539-£699) and 6 Plus (£619-£789) which went on sale
yesterday.

At the Apple store in Victoria Square people young and old waited patiently to
purchase the coveted new smartphone. Across the UK many people camped overnight
to be among the first to get their hands on Apple''s first tablet-style iPhone
with a screen measuring 5.5-inches diagonally.

The iPhone 6 Plus is the biggest ever iPhone, but it is thinner than the iPhone
5s.

Where the iPhone 5s was 7.6mm thin, the iPhone 6 Plus is just 7.1mm. The iPhone
6 is even smaller at 6.9mm.

Apple says the iPhone is "still comfortable to hold and easy to use".

Meanwhile, Irish band U2 have come in for criticism from 'Bono bashers' across
the globe for the band''s decision to accept a multimillion pound deal with
Apple, who then gave away their new album - Songs Of Innocence - for free on
iTunes.

Some angry Apple customers have complained that they could not remove the
band''s free album download easily if they did not want to have it.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: iPhone fans queueing in Victoria Square yesterday KEVIN SCOTT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2014 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

BMO Brings Apple Pay to Canadian Customers

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: New York



 TORONTO, ONTARIO: BMO Financial Group today announced it will offer Apple Pay
to its Canadian customers, allowing customers to make easy and secure purchases
with their BMO credit and debit cards.


 "We have a long track record of bringing to market innovative products and
services that help enhance and simplify our customers' lives. The introduction
of Apple Pay for BMO customers is the latest example," said Cameron Fowler,
Group Head, Canadian Personal and Commercial Banking, BMO Financial Group.
 He added that the adoption of mobile payments has accelerated since BMO
launched Mobile PayPass Tag in 2011. "This is a natural next step in this
journey that we're taking with our customers in Canada, as well as the United
States - where we've been offering Apple Pay for the past year," said Mr.
Fowler.
 Coming soon to BMO customers, Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will
continue to receive all of the rewards and bene[#xfb01]ts offered by credit and
debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch.
 Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information.
 When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3,
iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

IPHONE 6? IT'S A RUSH, ALL RIGHT

BYLINE: SUSAN THURSTON, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Hundreds line up to get the hottest new thing in their hands.


Twelve hours.

That's how long some people stood in line to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
which hit store shelves Friday.

By 8 a.m. Friday, about 400 shoppers had lined up outside International Plaza
waiting for the Apple store to open. Lines also snaked around Verizon, AT&T and
other wireless stores across the region.

Many people hunkered down for the night in tents and folding chairs, dreaming
about the moment when the next-generation iPhone would be theirs.

"It's an energy drink day," said Dena Sehweil, a 19-year-old student from Hardee
County who arrived at International Plaza around midnight ready to spend $749,
plus tax, on the next big thing.

Demand for the iPhone 6 was as strong as, if not stronger than, it was for the
iPhone 5S in 2013, with stores drawing big crowds worldwide. Apple said Monday
that it presold a record 4 million new phones within 24 hours.

"This is Apple's Black Friday," said Amid Choueiri, 42, of Tampa, who spent the
night half-sleeping in a chair.

The new iPhones have bigger screens, thinner profiles and more-rounded corners
than previous models. "Wow, that's big" was the common refrain as Apple
employees offered guests in line sneak peeks of the phones, which have 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch screens. Many compared it to that other phone, the Samsung Galaxy
Note 4.

Greg Rainha, 30, of Largo pre-ordered his phone on Sept. 12 and was first in
line to pick it up at Tampa's Apple store. He chose the smaller iPhone 6 because
he prefers to text and tap with one hand. He especially liked that it's
compatible with Apple's new mobile payment system, Apple Pay.

"It's so thin and comfortable in my pocket," he said.

Joel McGowan, 21, of Tampa came with his friends to buy an iPhone 6 Plus for
$399 with a two-year contract. He had been phoneless for a month after dropping
his iPhone in water and figured he would wait until the new one came out.

"I'm ready to get back on the grid," he said, calling life without a cellphone a
"First World problem."

Jim Thompson, 36, of Clearwater said waiting in line was worth it. The
big-screen iPhone 6 Plus will be perfect for his toddler daughter, who loves
watching Sesame Street on his phone through Netflix.

"I love the size and the weight, and the apps are so much faster," he said.
"It's an incredible phone."

Times staff writer Dan Sullivan contributed to this report. Contact Susan
Thurston at sthurston@tampabay.com or (813) 225-3110. Follow @susan_thurston.

* * *

PETER DORAN, 55, OF SPRING HILL

Favorite features on iPhone 6: "It's lighter, it's faster, it has a bigger
screen. The software is better with more bells and whistles, and Siri is a lot
more accurate and faster."

Least favorite feature: "Nothing. It's a huge step forward." Even waiting in
line for nearly 12 hours didn't bother him. "The time flew by. I met a whole
bunch of random people and kidded around. The camaraderie was awesome."

Grade: A+

* * *

AMID CHOUEIRI, 42, OF TAMPA

Favorite features on the iPhone 6 Plus: "When you turn it sideways, the apps
turn with it." He also likes the camera, with its 240-frames-per-second
slow-motion video capability.

Least favorite feature: The antenna lines on the back. "It's not on par with the
rest of the phone. It's not attractive."

Grade: B+

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2) PHOTO - DEMETRIUS FREEMAN - Times: The new phone is thinner
than the iPhone 5 and has a bigger screen. PHOTO - DEMETRIUS FREEMAN - Times:
Greg Rainha, 30, is the first to buy the iPhone 6 early Friday at the Apple
store at International Plaza. He preordered the phone, as millions of others
did. "This device will be a life changer, with all the new features it has," he
said. PHOTO - DEMETRIUS FREEMAN - Times: People who don't have reservations
queue up to buy the iPhone 6 outside International Plaza on Friday morning. A
shorter line of about 100 consisted of those with preorders and reservations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 21, 2015 Friday 01:49 PM EST

iPhone 6s: Say goodbye to bendgate

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 310  words


Click for image

In what's become something of a head-scratching tradition, Apple's iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus launch last year was accompanied by a completely overblown scandal
known as 'bendgate.'

If you recall, news stories alleging that the iPhone 6 was prone to bending
seemingly sprouted up out of nowhere last year. And while the story certainly
generated its fair share of press online, the number of actual reported cases of
people bending their iPhones was so small as to be wholly insignificant. But as
tends to be the case, whenever a news story puts Apple in a negative light, the
tech press can't help but run with it and proclaim that Apple has lost its mojo.

In a statement addressing the scandal that truly wasn't, Apple last September
said the following:

Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and
sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a precision engineered unibody
enclosure constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized
aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength.

Apple also added that during the first six days of availability, the company
only received 9 complaints regarding bent iPhone models.

Well, with the iPhone 6s launch looming, it appears that Apple has taken steps
to reduce that number to zero.

For starters, we've already seen rumors that Apple with the iPhone 6s has opted
to use 7000 Series aluminum, resulting in a more sturdy construction than what
we saw with the iPhone 6. Simply put, even trying to bend the iPhone 6s on
purpose may be an exercise in futility.

Highlighting this, a recent video purporting to showcase an iPhone 6s metal
casing being put to the test demonstrates just how sturdy Apple's next-gen
iPhone will be. I suppose now the question becomes -- what type of overblown
scandal will we see once the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch this September.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

iPhone sales in China top US

BYLINE: JACK FREIFELDER in New York

LENGTH: 555  words


Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more iPhones than their
American counterparts for the first time, data from UBS showed.

Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more iPhones than their
American counterparts for the first time, data from UBS showed.

"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw outsized growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 percent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst with
global financial services firm UBS, wrote in a Jan 7 research note.

The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 percent a year ago to 24
percent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.

Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.

Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based
multinational. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.

Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.

"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late Dec 2013
and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6/6+ in October, so it seems reasonable that
demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.

In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD.com.

At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 percent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3
percent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.

Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp (IDC). The company boosted
its global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).

Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 percent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 percent.

Other global players, including domestic Chinese leaders Xiaomi and Lenovo Group
Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the fray. Xiaomi and Lenovo rank third and
fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

During an October trip to China, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in an interview with
local media that "it's just a matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's
biggest revenue contributor". Cook also noted that Apple has plans to increase
the number of retail stores in China from 15 to 40 during the next few years.

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of Internet Software and Services, said
in a November press release that China is already one of the company's largest
markets.

jackfreifelder@chinadailyusa.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Scottish Express

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Unveiled... new Apple iPhones and watch

BYLINE: Ben Endley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 251 words


APPLE launched two new iPhones and its long-awaited wristwatch yesterday.

The cutting-edge computer firm unveiled the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well
as the Apple Watch during a high-tech show near the company's headquarters in
Cupertino, California.

Chief executive Tim Cook said: "This is an important day in Apple's history.
Today, we are pleased to announce the biggest advancement in iPhone."

The new phones appear to have undergone significant changes from the 4in iPhone
5s. Both are thinner but with larger screens. The iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5in
screen while the iPhone 6's is 4.7in.

The phones are due to go on sale on September 19 with a heavy price tag. The
iPhone 6 will start from the equivalent of £124 when bought with a two-year
contract in the US while the iPhone 6 Plus will start at £186. UK prices are
expected to be even higher.

Among the new features is Apple Pay - allowing shoppers to pay for goods by
tapping their phone. It will have a US launch this year but Apple did not reveal
the UK launch date.

The phones also have an improved camera and longer battery life.

Meanwhile, Cook described the watch as "the most personal product Apple have
ever made". It is controlled from a dial on the side and has a dictation
function. US prices will start at £217 and it will be available from early 2015.

Last night, a queue for the phones had started forming outside the Apple shop in
Regent Street, London.

Hungarian Zoltan Wiettchen, 24, was hoping to sell his place at the front for
£1,000.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple boss Tim Cook introduces high-tech watch in California yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXPscot


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday
                                 Delhi Edition

Now, Apple Cuts Prices of Latest iPhones

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 476 words


Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16% just
two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in what is
historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at ' . 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between ' . 55,000, according .
52,000 and ' to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity .
The price cuts are across all variants \xAD 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB -of both
models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices
between launch time and now is about 15%, a top executive at a national retailer
said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers."The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an

Apple flagship has been brought down within two months of launch, underlining
concerns around the initial pricing, said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at
Counterpoint Technology Market Research. Apple declined to comment on the
matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at ' '92,000, about . 62,000-..
8,000-.' '9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models were
. 14,000-.' '16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and
Hong Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62% to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the

third time in three months, now starting at '. 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

China lifts iPhone sales to an even higher level

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 249 words


Apple has smashed its iPhone sales record after selling 13 million of its newest
handsets in the first weekend after their launch (James Dean writes).

Sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus comfortably beat the record of ten million
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets sold during launch weekend - defined by Apple as
the first three days of sales - in September last year.

Unlike last year, China featured among iPhone launch countries this year. Daniel
Ives, a senior analyst with FBR Capital Markets, said that Chinese sales
appeared to be "white hot".

The iPhone is by far the biggest part of Apple's business, with sales accounting
for nearly two thirds of revenue in the most recent quarter.

Apple shares touched nearly $135 in April amid soaring optimism about iPhone 6
and 6 Plus sales. They were trading down by 1.5 per cent at $113 yesterday
afternoon.

IHS Technology predicts that Apple will sell 236 million iPhones this year, up
by nearly a quarter on last year. However, Ian Fogg, an IHS analyst, suggested
that Apple could have trouble sustaining momentum next year. "Apple is going to
have to find a way to reinvent the iPhone and it is hard to find something that
is radically new," he said.

During the launch weekend this year, Apple sold the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12
countries with a combined population in excess of two billion, according to Walt
Piecyk, of BTIG.

The upgraded iPhones feature touchscreens that detect how hard they are being
pressed, which opens up new ways of navigating.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers joined iPhone fans keen to get the latest
modelMIKAEL BUCK/O2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 Plus vs Galaxy Note 4: The 64-bit fight between Apple and Samsung

LENGTH: 264  words


Apple has unveiled the Iphone 6 Plus which flaunts a massive 5.5-inch display
and comes loaded with an array of impressive features and powerful
specifications. With such a huge display, the Iphone 6 Plus will be put against
Samsung's newly launched flagship Galaxy Note 4, which debuted at IFA in Berlin.

While Apple's new iPhone is certainly a monster with a new chipset, tweaked UI
with support for landscape interface, and iOS 8 software goodness, the Samsung's
newbie too boasts a QHD display packed in a 'more-metal and less-plastic'
design, and brings an array of advanced features on board.

Apple Watch launched: Features and specifications

We do a specs comparison between the iPhone 6 Plus with the Galaxy Note 4 to see
how they differ in terms of specifications.


Features       iPhone 6 Plus                         Samsung Galaxy Note 4
Display        5.5-inch Retina HD with 1080p display 5.7-inch QHD Super
                                                     AMOLED with 2560x1440
                                                     pixels resolution
Processor      Apple A8 64-bit processor with M8     2.7GHz Snapdragon 805
               coprocessor                           quad-core, Exynos 5433
                                                     octa-core
RAM            not specified yet                     3GB
Storage        16/64/128GB                           32/64GB expandable
Rear Camera    8-megapixel iSight camera with OIS,   16-megapixel with OIS,
               true-tone flash, 1.5 micron pixels,   F/2.0 aperture
               and F/2.2 aperture
Front Camera   2.1-megapixel Facetime camera         3.7-megapixel camera
Video          Full HD 1080p recording @30 or 60fps, UHD 4K (38402160
Recording      slow motion video @240fps             pixels) @30fps
OS             iOS 8                                 Android 4.4 KitKat
Dimensions     158.177.87.1mm                        153.578.68.5mm
Weight         172 grams                             176 grams
Connectivity   NFC, support for up to 20LTE          Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi,
               networks, Bluetooth4.0, Wi-Fi, USB    USB 2.0, NFC
               2.0

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 7 rumour mill

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, May 4 -- Apple won't release its next-generation iPhone until the
fall of 2016, so there are still months of development ahead. For the current
time, Apple's flagship iPhones are the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus,
released to the public in September of 2015.

Though it will be several months before the new iPhone launches, rumors about
the device started trickling out in January of 2016. We've already gleaned many
details about the upcoming iPhone, giving us some information on what to expect
when it launches.

Since the 3GS launched in 2009, Apple has used an alternating "S" naming formula
to mark years where the iPhone does not receive a major redesign, saving its
numbered upgrades for years where design changes are introduced.

The next-generation iPhone is expected to be called the iPhone 7. 2015 marked an
"S" iPhone upgrade year that introduced new features such as an improved camera
and a better processor, but 2016 will bring an even-year upgrade that will
include an all-new iPhone design in addition to new features.

Apple will continue releasing two versions of each iPhone, so we can expect to
see an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7 Plus in 2016. Apple is said to be planning to
stick to the 4.7- and 5.5-inch screen sizes it first introduced with the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus.

Apple is still working on finalizing the iPhone 7's body so we don't know
exactly what it will look like, but multiple rumors suggest it continues to use
a design similar to the design of the iPhone 6s.

It is said to have the same general shape, but it may have a camera that
protrudes less (though rumors currently disagree on this point).

Antenna bands across the back of the device have been removed, but are expected
to remain at the top, bottom, and sides of the iPhone.

Some rumors suggest Apple is aiming to make the iPhone 7 thinner, perhaps
through the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack and the implementation of a
thinner Lightning port, but other rumors suggest the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will
have a body that is the same thickness as the iPhone 6s.

With no headphone jack, wired headphones will connect to the iPhone 7 using its
Lightning port and Bluetooth headphones will connect wirelessly.

Apple is rumored to be working on Lightning-equipped EarPods to sell alongside
the iPhone 7.

Apple may be planning replace the headphone jack on the iPhone 7 with a second
speaker for stereo audio, but there has been some contention over this rumor.

An image of a device said to be the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced depicting a Smart
Connector on the back of the shell, suggesting that is another potential
feature, but it is not yet clear what it would be used for.

Internal specs for the iPhone 7 aren't yet known, but we can speculate Apple
will continue on its path of introducing more powerful, efficient devices with
each design iteration. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are expected to include
next-generation A10 processors manufactured by TSMC.

There are rumored to be some distinguishing features between the iPhone 7 and
the larger-screened iPhone 7 Plus. The iPhone 7 may ship with 2GB RAM, while the
iPhone 7 Plus could include 3GB RAM, and there is said to be a different camera
system in the iPhone 7 Plus that uses two cameras instead of one.

The iPhone 7 will likely continue to use a standard single-lens camera as
multiple sources have said the dual lens camera is exclusive to the 5.5-inch
iPhone.

According to rumors, Apple may actually be planning to introduce two versions of
the iPhone 7 Plus -- one with a single lens like the iPhone 7 and a second with
a dual-lens camera system that offers DSLR-like image quality with 2-3x optical
zoom and improved performance in low light conditions.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                               September 7, 2016

Apple launches iPhone 7, 7 Plus

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 1392  words


NEW DELHI: US-based tech giant Apple has launched its latest phones-iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus today and will be available in more than 25 countries beginning
Friday, September 16.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing.

"The completely redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or
night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo
speaker system provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust
resistant iPhone," siad Schiller.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the world's most popular camera and make it
even better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilization on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide color capture allows for more vibrant colors with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos," the company said in a
statement.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images,
while sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the
background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only
with DSLR cameras.

Additional Camera Advancements Include:

New Apple-designed Image Signal Processor, which processes over 100 billion
operations on a single photo in as little as 25 milliseconds, resulting in
incredible photos and videos;

New 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with wide color capture, advanced pixel
technology and auto image stabilization for even better selfies; and

New Quad-LED True Tone flash that is 50 percent brighter than iPhone 6s
including an innovative sensor that detects the flickering in lights and
compensates for it in videos and photos.

"The new custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that
powers these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone,
while also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever
in an iPhone. The A10 Fusion's CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating
two high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and
two high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the
power of the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful,
running up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power,
enabling a new level of gaming and professional apps," it said.

Both phones include support for up to 25 LTE bands, for the best worldwide
roaming in the industry, and LTE Advanced for three times faster data rates than
iPhone 6 at up to 450 Mbps.1 For customers in Japan, iPhone will now support the
leading FeliCa contactless technology, bringing the ability to use credit and
prepaid cards, including on iD and QuicPay domestic networks, and Suica, Japan's
dominant transit card issued by JR East, the world's largest transit operator.

The new iPhone comes with EarPods with Lightning connector to deliver incredible
sound, as well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that allows customers to use
old headphones and accessories.

New AirPods, Apple's innovative new wireless headphones, weave simplicity and
technology together to reinvent the wireless experience making headphones easy
to use. Featuring the new Apple W1 chip, AirPods have extremely efficient
wireless communication for a better connection, improved sound and
industry-leading battery life. AirPods harness the power of Siri, allowing you
to access your favorite personal assistant with just a double tap.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in a gorgeous design in silver, gold and
rose gold finishes and introduce two all-new black finishes, a beautiful black
finish that has an anodized matte appearance, and an innovative jet black finish
that has a deep, high-gloss look. The new jet black finish is accomplished
through an innovative nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform,
glossy finish. An entirely reengineered enclosure results in a water resistant
iPhone offering protection like never before against spills, splashes and dust.

The new iPhone features the brightest, most colorful Retina HD display ever in
an iPhone, now with a wide color gamut for cinema-standard colors, greater color
saturation and the best color management in the smartphone industry. An all-new,
advanced, solid-state Home button on iPhone 7 is designed to be durable and
responsive, and working in tandem with the new Taptic Engine, provides more
precise and customizable tactile feedback.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system. iOS 10 introduces a huge update
to Messages that delivers more expressive and animated ways to message friends
and family, the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, new ways to
interact with apps and even more places to use 3D Touch, beautifully redesigned
Maps, Photos, Apple Music and News apps, and the Home app, delivering a simple
and secure way to manage home automation products in one place. iOS 10 also
opens up incredible opportunities for developers with Siri, Maps, Phone and
Messages APIs, allowing customers to do more than ever with the apps they love
to use.

Pricing & Availability

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and the
new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at $649 (US), and the
new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB models
from apple.com, Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers.

Through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, customers in the US, and for the first
time in the UK and China, can get an unlocked iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, with
the protection of AppleCare+, choose their carrier and have the opportunity to
upgrade to a new iPhone every year. The iPhone Upgrade Program is available at
apple.com and Apple Stores in the US with monthly payments starting at $32.3

Customers will be able to order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday,
September 9, with availability beginning Friday, September 16, in Australia,
Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the
UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia beginning Friday, September
23. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will also be available to customers in India
beginning Friday, October 7.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for $159 (US) from apple.com and Apple Stores beginning in late
October. All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with
Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately at apple.com and Apple Stores, for $29 (US) and $9 (US),
respectively.

Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colors will be available starting at $35 (US) and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for $99 (US) from apple.com and Apple Stores.
Lightning Docks in several color-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for $49 (US).

Every customer who buys iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus from Apple will be offered
free Personal Setup, in-store or online4, to help them customize their iPhone by
setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Pokémon Go draining your iPhone battery?;
These four battery pack/charger cases will keep you in the game longer and
protect the device.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 544 words


The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery life. An
indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels.

The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy design and
charges your iPhone in a relatively short time. MCT PHOTOS

The Incipio Offgrid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and powers up your
phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a full
charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

If your iPhone's battery is draining like crazy because of Pokémon Go, check out
these charger cases so you can keep catching 'em all.

Mophie Juice Pack Plus for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/mophie-juicepack-plus-for-iphone-6
-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery
life. An indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels, and its burly
plastic construction protects against drops.

The bad: The case is pricey and its matte finish attracts fingerprints.

The cost: $119.95

The bottom line: Mophie's backup battery case remains one of the best in the
biz, but it's pricier than others, so consider it an investment.

Trianium Atomic S Battery Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/trianium-atomic-s-battery-case-for-
iphone-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy
design and charges your iPhone in a relatively short time.

The bad: The large opening in the back of the case is no deal breaker, but it
does look jarring.

The cost: $38.13 to $38.99

The bottom line: Affordable and well designed, the Trianium Atomic S Battery
Case is the top iPhone battery case for its price range.

OtterBox Resurgence Power Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/otterbox-resurgence-power-case-for-
iphone-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a
full charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

The bad: The accessory takes some wrangling to attach and detach, and it isn't
as elegant-looking as other battery cases. After a fall, the case can pop apart.

The cost: $36.73

The bottom line: The Otter-Box Resurgence Power Case is a good choice for power
and protection, but if you don't need that much durability, consider something
with a sleeker design.

Incipio Offgrid Express for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/incipio-offgridexpress-for-iphone-6
-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Incipio Off-grid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and
powers up your phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The bad: The case has a few inelegant open seams that look unattractive and
awkward.

The cost: $43.09

The bottom line: The Incipio Offgrid Express has some design flaws, but get this
over the pricier Mophie Juice Pack.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior Associate Editor Lynn
La and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology
products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Pokémon Go draining your iPhone battery?;
These four battery pack/charger cases will keep you in the game longer and
protect the device.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 544 words


The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery life. An
indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels.

The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy design and
charges your iPhone in a relatively short time. MCT PHOTOS

The Incipio Offgrid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and powers up your
phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a full
charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

If your iPhone's battery is draining like crazy because of Pokémon Go, check out
these charger cases so you can keep catching 'em all.

Mophie Juice Pack Plus for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/mophie-juicepack-plus-for-iphone-6
-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery
life. An indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels, and its burly
plastic construction protects against drops.

The bad: The case is pricey and its matte finish attracts fingerprints.

The cost: $119.95

The bottom line: Mophie's backup battery case remains one of the best in the
biz, but it's pricier than others, so consider it an investment.

Trianium Atomic S Battery Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/trianium-atomic-s-battery-case-for-
iphone-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy
design and charges your iPhone in a relatively short time.

The bad: The large opening in the back of the case is no deal breaker, but it
does look jarring.

The cost: $38.13 to $38.99

The bottom line: Affordable and well designed, the Trianium Atomic S Battery
Case is the top iPhone battery case for its price range.

OtterBox Resurgence Power Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/otterbox-resurgence-power-case-for-
iphone-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a
full charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

The bad: The accessory takes some wrangling to attach and detach, and it isn't
as elegant-looking as other battery cases. After a fall, the case can pop apart.

The cost: $36.73

The bottom line: The Otter-Box Resurgence Power Case is a good choice for power
and protection, but if you don't need that much durability, consider something
with a sleeker design.

Incipio Offgrid Express for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/incipio-offgridexpress-for-iphone-6
-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Incipio Off-grid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and
powers up your phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The bad: The case has a few inelegant open seams that look unattractive and
awkward.

The cost: $43.09

The bottom line: The Incipio Offgrid Express has some design flaws, but get this
over the pricier Mophie Juice Pack.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior Associate Editor Lynn
La and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology
products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Apple under fire as its new iPhone bends in the pocket

BYLINE: Christian McCashin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 443 words


OWNERS of Apple's latest iPhone 6 Plus have been left reeling as the device that
costs an eye-watering (EURO)800 can bend out of shape simply by being in your
pocket.

The new wider model was launched alongside the normal-sized iPhone 6 last week.
However, in recent days a small but growing number of 6 Plus owners have
reported the issue that alters the phone's appearance.

Pictures and videos of warped and damaged iPhones swept the internet yesterday
as hundreds of users realised their new smartphones - 10million of which had
sold worldwide by Monday - were ruined.

The problem, being dubbed 'bendgate', is due to the phone's thin aluminium
exterior.

The phone will be launched here tomorrow but John Kennedy, of Irish technology
website www.Siliconrepublic.com, has questioned whether the online complaints
will trigger a recall of the phones sold so far.

It is believed the thinner model's use of aluminium in its design causes it to
deform. Word started to spread on Twitter in the US on Tuesday night and a video
appeared on YouTube showing someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus using just their
fingers. Crucially in the video, which has already been viewed nearly 14million
times, the phone does not break and the screen does not shatter.

The MacRumours website said on Tuesday that 'a small but growing number of
iPhone 6 Plus owners have reportedly bent their phones after carrying the
devices in their pockets just days after launch'.

Mr Kennedy said of the flagged-up glitch: 'It's huge when people are expected to
pay nearly (EURO)1,000 for a new model and it can bend in your pocket. It
doesn't look to me like Apple has seen this one coming.

'They stress-test these things, but probably never thought of it sitting in
somebody's pocket for five hours or sitting on bus. Aluminium is strong but it
bends.' He said Apple will most likely issue a recall of some or all of the
handsets.

Comment - Page 14 Shunning the iPhone - Page 15 DETAILS OF IPHONE 6 PLUS ?Case:
Made from a single piece of aluminium alloy rather than plastic, which would be
more robust ?Screen: The supersized 14cm HD Retina screen is Apple's biggest
yet, following competitors' success with larger models ?Length: The phone is
16cm long - nearly 4cm inches longer than the iPhone 5 - creating more potential
for the body to bend under pressure ?Thickness: At about a quarter of an inch
thick, it is a shade slimmer than the iPhone 5. ?Weight: Just over 6oz ?Cost: An
estimated (EURO)790 for a 16GB model, (EURO)895 for 64GB and (EURO)1,000 for
128GB ?Sales: There are no Irish sales figures yet as it is not on sale here but
thousands of people are expected to flock to shops tomorrow

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Warped: The iPhone 6

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 1169  words


Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service on
Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the technology
company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive
the technology company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications. It will price at $349 and go on sale in early
2015.

Ben Wood, a top mobile phone industry analyst with CCS Insight based in the UK,
said Apple's smartwatch devices will propel a so-far lackluster product category
into consumer consciousness.

"For Apple's competitors it will turn a tough category into a nightmare," Wood
said.

Indeed, rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple,
which up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like
Blackberry to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal
computer sales for a time before they recently recovered.

Apple has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The price tag on the new "Apple Watch" is loftier than some expected, coming in
at $50 more than the cheapest version of the iPhone 6 with a contract.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi had estimated on Tuesday before the
event that if Apple were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add
about $7.5 billion to its revenue.

Apple's new watches will be available in three distinct collections, including a
sport edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold. Whether the devices
can win over fashion-conscious consumers may prove key to mainstream appeal.
Initial impressions from critics who glimpsed the watch were positive.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

Shares of the company closed nearly unchanged. Apple's stock tends to rise in
the run-up to a major product launch, and come under selling pressure afterward.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

BUY WITH BIGGER PHONES

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its entire
event online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream
went down about a half-hour in, prompting many users to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Also on Tuesday, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay." Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

Launch partners include Walt Disney Co, McDonald's and Whole Foods. The move
gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick and mortar
stores, where more than 90 percent of U.S. retail sales are still conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

Ben Milne, CEO of internet payment network Dwolla, said Apple had created a
smooth user experience with Apple Pay, but wanted to hear a lot more about how
Apple will tackle the aging payments infrastructure.

"The old architecture that payments is driven on is not up to snuff for the
future they want to build," Milne said.

He added that Apple Pay will get some level of mass adoption based on the number
of iPhones out there, but Apple will have to tackle the high costs of payment
processing to make its new feature more widespread.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 10, 2014

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 1169  words


Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service on
Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the technology
company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive
the technology company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications. It will price at $349 and go on sale in early
2015.

Ben Wood, a top mobile phone industry analyst with CCS Insight based in the UK,
said Apple's smartwatch devices will propel a so-far lackluster product category
into consumer consciousness.

"For Apple's competitors it will turn a tough category into a nightmare," Wood
said.

Indeed, rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple,
which up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like
Blackberry to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal
computer sales for a time before they recently recovered.

Apple has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The price tag on the new "Apple Watch" is loftier than some expected, coming in
at $50 more than the cheapest version of the iPhone 6 with a contract.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi had estimated on Tuesday before the
event that if Apple were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add
about $7.5 billion to its revenue.

Apple's new watches will be available in three distinct collections, including a
sport edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold. Whether the devices
can win over fashion-conscious consumers may prove key to mainstream appeal.
Initial impressions from critics who glimpsed the watch were positive.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

Shares of the company closed nearly unchanged. Apple's stock tends to rise in
the run-up to a major product launch, and come under selling pressure afterward.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

BUY WITH BIGGER PHONES

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its entire
event online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream
went down about a half-hour in, prompting many users to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Also on Tuesday, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay." Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

Launch partners include Walt Disney Co, McDonald's and Whole Foods. The move
gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick and mortar
stores, where more than 90 percent of U.S. retail sales are still conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

Ben Milne, CEO of internet payment network Dwolla, said Apple had created a
smooth user experience with Apple Pay, but wanted to hear a lot more about how
Apple will tackle the aging payments infrastructure.

"The old architecture that payments is driven on is not up to snuff for the
future they want to build," Milne said.

He added that Apple Pay will get some level of mass adoption based on the number
of iPhones out there, but Apple will have to tackle the high costs of payment
processing to make its new feature more widespread.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 1169  words


Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service on
Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the technology
company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive
the technology company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications. It will price at $349 and go on sale in early
2015.

Ben Wood, a top mobile phone industry analyst with CCS Insight based in the UK,
said Apple's smartwatch devices will propel a so-far lackluster product category
into consumer consciousness.

"For Apple's competitors it will turn a tough category into a nightmare," Wood
said.

Indeed, rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple,
which up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like
Blackberry to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal
computer sales for a time before they recently recovered.

Apple has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The price tag on the new "Apple Watch" is loftier than some expected, coming in
at $50 more than the cheapest version of the iPhone 6 with a contract.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi had estimated on Tuesday before the
event that if Apple were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add
about $7.5 billion to its revenue.

Apple's new watches will be available in three distinct collections, including a
sport edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold. Whether the devices
can win over fashion-conscious consumers may prove key to mainstream appeal.
Initial impressions from critics who glimpsed the watch were positive.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

Shares of the company closed nearly unchanged. Apple's stock tends to rise in
the run-up to a major product launch, and come under selling pressure afterward.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

BUY WITH BIGGER PHONES

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its entire
event online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream
went down about a half-hour in, prompting many users to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Also on Tuesday, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay." Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

Launch partners include Walt Disney Co, McDonald's and Whole Foods. The move
gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick and mortar
stores, where more than 90 percent of U.S. retail sales are still conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

Ben Milne, CEO of internet payment network Dwolla, said Apple had created a
smooth user experience with Apple Pay, but wanted to hear a lot more about how
Apple will tackle the aging payments infrastructure.

"The old architecture that payments is driven on is not up to snuff for the
future they want to build," Milne said.

He added that Apple Pay will get some level of mass adoption based on the number
of iPhones out there, but Apple will have to tackle the high costs of payment
processing to make its new feature more widespread.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 17, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

In Opening 24 Hours, Apple Sells Four Million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 284  words


The tech giant has confirmed that the demand has exceeded the initial planned
supply.

Wednesday, September 17, 2014: On its first day of sales of the new iPhones,
Apple announced that it has received over 4 million pre orders for the new
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. "Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new
record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands
of customers starting this Friday," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said in a
statement.

The tech giant has confirmed that the demand has exceeded the initial pre-order
supply, "Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply and
while a significant amount will be delivered to customers beginning on Friday
and throughout September, many iPhone pre-orders are scheduled to be delivered
in October," it mentioned in a statement.

Apple said that the customers may expect shortages or long lines at the retail
stores on Friday when the sale will begin. Sales are set to open at 8 am local
time in the US, Australia, France, Canada, Hong Kong, Germany, Japan, Singapore,
Britain and Puerto Rico.

If we go by old records, Apple received over two million preorders for iPhone 5
within initial 24 hours whereas for iPhone 5S and 5C, it managed to sell over 9
million units during the first weekend after they hit the store.

Apple reportedly has asked manufacturing partners to produce about 70 million to
80 million units of its larger screen iPhones by 30 December.

Apple iPhone 6 key specs include:

* Apple A8 processor

* 1.2-MP front shooter and 8-MP rear camera

* iOS 8.0 Operating system

* 11.94-cm (4.7-inch) screen with 750x1334 pixels resolution'

* 16GB internal storage

* Bluetooth v 4.00, GPS, WiFi, NFC

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      August 24, 2015 Monday 10:12 AM GMT

Apple to repair some iPhone 6 Plus smartphones due to 'blurry' photos;
Company blames bad iSight camera component but says that only 'a small
percentage' of devices are affected

BYLINE: Stuart Dredge

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 306 words


If you've had a run of blurry photos taken with an iPhone 6 Plus smartphone, the
problem may not be your photographic skills.

Apple has launched a camera replacement programme for the device, after a number
of owners complained about the quality of photos taken using its iSight camera.

"Apple has determined that, in a small percentage of iPhone 6 Plus devices, the
iSight camera has a component that may fail causing your photos to look blurry,"
explained the company.

"The affected units fall into a limited serial number range and were sold
primarily between September 2014 and January 2015."

Owners are being asked to check the serial number of their device on Apple's
website, before making an appointment to have the camera replaced at one of the
company's stores or authorised service providers.

Affected owners are being warned that if their iPhone 6 Plus has any other
damage - a cracked screen, for example - they will have to get that repaired
first, possibly paying for it.

Related: Samsung and Apple battle over the smartphone 'floating voter'

Apple is replacing the iSight cameras in this case, rather than recalling the
smartphones, as it did in October 2013 with a limited number of iPhone 5s
handsets after a manufacturing error made them drain their batteries faster than
expected.

The first complaints about blurry photos on the iPhone 6 Plus were reported on
Apple's support website in October 2014, just weeks after the device went on
sale.

Although several users on the support thread reported that their handsets had
been replaced when they took them in to Apple Stores for diagnosis, it has taken
until now for the company to publicly confirm the issue, and launch an official
replacement programme for the affected cameras.

Apple is expected to unveil new iPhone models in September, including an iPhone
6s and 6s Plus.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple iPhone 6s Sets New Sales Record in First Weekend

BYLINE: Hilary Lewis

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 359  words


Apple revealed Monday that its new iPhone 6s model set a new sales record,
moving more than 13 million units just three days after it was launched.

"Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statement. "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D
Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
to customers in even more countries on October 9."

Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus went on sale on Friday in the U.S., Australia,
Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico,
Singapore and the UK. The latest iPhone models will be available in 40 more
countries starting Oct. 9, including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.

Read MoreApple&#039;s New iPhone 6s Features 3D Touch

Last year's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models sold more than 10 million units in
their first weekend on sale, which was then an Apple record.

Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at a Sept. 9 eventwith Cook telling the
audience, "We have changed everything about these new iPhones."

The iPhone 6s comes with a new 3D touch feature that senses how deeply you press
the display, letting you "peek" into information on various apps without having
to open the apps themselves. The new iPhone also has an upgraded camera and the
ability to shoot in 4K video. The new iPhone also includes a "Live Photos"
feature that animates still photos by capturing the second-and-a-half before and
after the photo is taken.

The iPhone 6s, which was available for pre-order starting Sept. 12 before
shipping on Friday, also comes with Apple's iOS 9 operating system, which was
launched on Sept. 16.

Read MoreApple Sets Record With First-Weekend iPhone 6 Sales

The new iPhones come in silver, gold, space gray and rose gold. The 6s model
starts at $199 with a two-year contract and the 6s Plus starts at $299 with a
two-year contract.

Sales completed by Saturday will be included in Apple's 2015 fourth fiscal
quarter results and sales completed on Sunday will be included in Apple's 2016
first fiscal quarter results.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                  Copyright 2015 Prometheus Global Media, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Locals line up for release of iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Ann Marie Bush.

ann.bush@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 498 words


Topekans Rachel Lara and her son, Victor Lara, spent Thursday night camped out
in front of the AT&T store in anticipation of the launch of the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus.

They were the first people to walk through the doors of AT&T, 2201 S.W.
Wanamaker Road, on Friday.

"It's exciting to go from one iPhone to the newest one," Rachel Lara said.
"We're an Apple family."

The two spent the night - from 9 p.m. Thursday until 8 a.m. Friday - listening
to music, napping, walking around and visiting with people who lined up after
them.

Brian Baxa, of Topeka, was the third person in line. He pulled up to the AT&T
store shortly after 11 p.m. Thursday. Other people joined the line later in the
night.

By the time the doors opened at 8 a.m., more than 50 people were eagerly
awaiting the in-store launch. Some were wrapped up in coats and blankets and
others spoke with sales representatives. One AT&T employee was handing out
granola bars, coffee and juice.

"We're excited about it," store manager Josh Gleb said.

Mike Scott, president of AT&T Kansas, also was at the store to greet people and
speak with members of the media.

"It's a huge day for us," Scott said. "We are doing this nationwide. It's a big
day for the customers, as well."

AT&T was the original iPhone carrier and has a "very large existing base of
iPhone users," Scott said.

The store's online pre-orders, which started Sept. 12, was the largest pre-order
sales launch day ever, Gleb said.

Gleb wasn't allowed to say how many of the new iPhones the store had in stock.
But he reassured customers they would be taken care of.

"We have all hands on deck," he said of the 18 sales staff members he had
working Friday.

As the Laras, as well as several other customers, poured into the store at 8
a.m. sharp, sales representatives began filling orders.

Customers said they were looking forward to having a bigger screen. Apple's new
iPhone 6 Plus' screen measures 5.5 inches diagonally, according to an Associated
Press story.

The new iPhones include an advanced camera and iOS8, the Apple website states.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history," Tim
Cook, Apple's CEO, said in an Apple news release. "The iPhone is the most loved
smartphone in the world with the highest customer satisfaction in the industry,
and we are making it much better in every way."

The same day Apple's larger iPhones went on sale, Samsung said U.S. wireless
carriers began taking orders for its large-screen Galaxy Note 4 smartphone. The
Note 4 will be available Oct. 17. It has a screen measuring 5.7 inches
diagonally.

Samsung's Note phones come with a stylus for note taking, according to AP.

The Note runs Google's Android system and has Samsung-produced extras such as
the ability to show multiple apps on the same screen at once.

Samsung also is making the Galaxy Note Edge with a side screen to display
weather information, clocks and other information, AP said. The company hasn't
provided details about U.S. availability.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 17, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 launched at Elante Mall, handset to be available at stores from
Friday

LENGTH: 219  words


Chandigarh: The wait for the launch of Apple's Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus among
youngsters finally came to an end on Thursday.

Both handsets were launched at the eStore in city's Elante mall onThursday
midnight. Saurabh Mittal grabbed the first handset.

Thereafter, more than 60 Apple iPhones were delivered to different locations
including store 'Current' in Elante Mall and Sector 35. The handset was also
delivered to Paramatrics store located in Sector 34, Accord Computers located in
Sector 20 and Sector 22.

Two models of iPhone have been launched in India which are iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Apple's iPhone 6 is priced at Rs 53500 while iPhone 6 Plus costs Rs 63500.

It is notable that both the handsets were launched in US a month ago.
Thereafter, many localites even ordered the phone from abroad. However, the
phone will be made available in markets of Chandigarh from Friday onwards.

There have been complaints regarding the phone in the past. Many customers in US
experienced that the iPhone would bend while they kept it in their pockets. The
phone has been launched in India after Apple fixed this problem.

The phone will compete with  Samsung's Galaxy Note 4, Sony Xperia Z3 and
Blackberry's Passport model. Along with the mobile markets, the new iPhone will
be made available in electronics market as well.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Get your iPhone 6 by month-end

BYLINE: REJIMON K

LENGTH: 394 words


Muscat: Apple fans in Oman will be able to lay their hands on the new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus by the end of this month, according to traders.



"Apple fans will be able to experience the much-anticipated iPhones in a few
days. We have already received covers for both new iPhones. We have bulk
bookings for 150 pieces and are flooded with enquiries. Sales will be held
according to TRA guidelines," a trader at Smart Zone Trading in Qurum said.

"The anticipated price of iPhone 6 (16GB) is between OMR300 and OMR320," added
the trader.



Meanwhile, confirming the availability, Nawras, one of the telecom service
providers in Oman, tweeted that they are really excited about the iPhones and
customers will be able to get it from Nawras by the end of this month.

Apple unveiled two versions of the iPhones with bigger screens, improved
specifications and new features, overhauling its top-selling product, in an
event that gave the clearest sign of the company's product direction under Chief
Executive Officer Tim Cook on Tuesday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the thinnest iPhones ever made which support
long-term evolution (LTE) and voice over LTE across 200 carriers, will be
available in the US from September 19.

Pre-booking orders in that country will begin on September 12.

Meanwhile, traders in the UAE also confirmed that with the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus available in the UAE within this month, prices of the current
models are sinking, and sinking fast.

"We will be able to sell the iPhones by this month," said a UAE trader. As there
is only one premium seller in Oman, the rest of the sellers purchase the Apple
products from the UAE. We have booked hundreds of pieces with our UAE seller,
whom we are dealing with for the past eight years," said a trader in Muscat.

In Oman too, the prices of older iPhone models have dropped in anticipation of
the newer models coming into the market.

"The iPhone 5s (16GB) which was costing OMR242 on Tuesday has today (Wednesday)
come down to OMR234," said a trader in Muscat while adding that this usually
happens when a new iPhone is unveiled.

"It isn't so much that Apple drops it prices, but retailers, who are eager to
push out stocks of the previous version to make room for the newer devices," he
said.

Reporter can be reached at reji@timesofoman.com
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                October 18, 2014

Video: Why I line up for new iPhones?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng and Eric Jou

LENGTH: 244  words


"The selling points of the new iPhone for me are the large screen and the new
camera system," said Liu Yi, the first buyer of Taikooli Apple Store on Friday
in downtown Beijing.

About 100 Apple fans gathered in front of Taikooli Apple Store in downtown
Beijing before the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in China on
Friday morning.

"The selling points for me are the large screen and the new camera system. The
large screen makes it easy to use and the camera app is something people use
every day." said Liu Yi, the first iPhone buyer.

According to Liu, he is an Apple Fan, and he have purchased every version of the
iPhone. The reason he purchased a domestic iPhone over an import one, is because
domestic iPhones are safer, and they have warranties.

"I purchased the 5S online but it took a long time before I received it, it's
faster to come to the store," said Wang Kelu, another iPhone buyer.

"I first purchased a Hong Kong imported iPhone but at the behest of my friends
that wanted one, I ordered three phones. I was only able to purchase one of the
phones today. I still want to buy an iPhone Six Plus, I'll have to try again
tomorrow," Wang added.

Video[#xff1a]Liu Zheng

Editor[#xff1a]Liu Zheng

Voiceover: Eric Jou and Cai Muyuan

Producer: Zhao Tingting

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China
Peek inside Apple's iPhone 6

Chinese buyer shows his Apple iPhone 6 Plus smartphone at a branch of China
Telecom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Video: Why I line up for new iPhones?

BYLINE: Liu Zheng and Eric Jou

LENGTH: 244  words


"The selling points of the new iPhone for me are the large screen and the new
camera system," said Liu Yi, the first buyer of Taikooli Apple Store on Friday
in downtown Beijing.

About 100 Apple fans gathered in front of Taikooli Apple Store in downtown
Beijing before the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in China on
Friday morning.

"The selling points for me are the large screen and the new camera system. The
large screen makes it easy to use and the camera app is something people use
every day." said Liu Yi, the first iPhone buyer.

According to Liu, he is an Apple Fan, and he have purchased every version of the
iPhone. The reason he purchased a domestic iPhone over an import one, is because
domestic iPhones are safer, and they have warranties.

"I purchased the 5S online but it took a long time before I received it, it's
faster to come to the store," said Wang Kelu, another iPhone buyer.

"I first purchased a Hong Kong imported iPhone but at the behest of my friends
that wanted one, I ordered three phones. I was only able to purchase one of the
phones today. I still want to buy an iPhone Six Plus, I'll have to try again
tomorrow," Wang added.

Video[#xff1a]Liu Zheng

Editor[#xff1a]Liu Zheng

Voiceover: Eric Jou and Cai Muyuan

Producer: Zhao Tingting

Apple iPhone 6 wins two regulatory approvals in China
Peek inside Apple's iPhone 6

Chinese buyer shows his Apple iPhone 6 Plus smartphone at a branch of China
Telecom in Shanghai, October 17, 2014. [Photo/IC]

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple decides to go big on latest iPhone device

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 652 words


APPLE has introduced a new bigger iPhone for the first time, called the iPhone 6
Plus. At an event in California last night, CEO Tim Cook said: "Today we're
launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s.

Apple also introduced the iPhone 6, which is also larger, now coming with a
4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call "ionstrengthened glass"
screens.

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also confirmed a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to
power new apps and games, with partnerships with game studios including Disney
and EA also con-firmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based technology giant had been expected to announce two new
iPhones, with speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few
weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Mr Schiller confirmed that the new iPhone 6 will be priced at $199 (£123) for
the 16GB model, going up to $399 (£248) for the 128GB model. The iPhone 6 Plus
will start at $299 (£185).

Apple has also announced plans to enter the payment market.

"Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with payments",
said Mr Cook. He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and
vulnerable" before introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, con-firming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company. Major retailers
have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores, including Toys R US and
Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US. Apple has also entered the smartwatch market for
the first time, with the Apple Watch.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created."

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said. The
Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of iOS.

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide product
marketing, discusses the camera features on the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

GADGET OF THE WEEK;
iPHONE 6 PLUS

BYLINE: KEVIN LYNCH

SECTION: THE TICKET;FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 392 words


£99 with a £43.50 per month two-year contract at Vodafone ****

There's a definite sense of me-too about the release of the 5.5ins iPhone 6
Plus. Steve Jobs pointedly declared that "No one's going to buy" a big phone
back in 2010, yet here we find the Cupertino firm finally going head-to-head
with the likes of Samsung's Galaxy Note series.

Arriving alongside the iPhone 6 - Apple's other new flagship smartphone, which
measures 4.7ins - the 6 Plus is similarly specced, but boasts a better, full HD
display. Also, its bigger body allows it to house a larger capacity battery
which lasted almost two days-worth of regular use.

Both boast Apple's new A8 64-bit processor, 1GB of RAM, M8 motion coprocessors
and an 8MP rear-facing cameras. However, the 6 Plus benefits from superior OIS
(optical image stabilisation) compared to the iPhone 6 which makes do with EIS
(electronic image stabilisation).

The aluminium chassis and rear is a big nod back to the originally stylings and
feel of the very first iPhone. It looks very classy, although the handset has a
tendency to slip through your hands making a case something of a necessity. This
is largely due to the wafer-thin 6.9mm body.

The new larger size brings some design changes away from what we've come to
expect from Apple's handsets. The power button has been sensibly moved from the
top to the right-hand side, while a new iOS feature called Reachability drops
the top of the screen down with a double tap of the home button, allowing access
to the top of a page without having to stretch.

These features help, but the 6 Plus isn't a phone you can use one-handed, with
tasks such as taking a quick snap being rather cumbersome.

However, it was telling that in the seven days I've lived with the iPhone 6, I
rarely felt the need to grab my iPad. The 6 Plus is superb for watching movies
and reading books, and it's even fairly comfortable when working on word
processor documents, thanks to the extended keyboard.

In short, it could just as easily cannibalise sales of the iPad Mini as much as
compete with rivals like the Galaxy Note. The slight advancements in terms of
its processor and graphics are perhaps not enough to tempt iPhone 5S owners to
upgrade, but bigger does, to a large degree, mean better.

In this regard, the 6 Plus genuinely offers new functionability which is beyond
its predecessors.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

GADGET OF THE WEEK;
iPHONE 6 PLUS

BYLINE: KEVIN LYNCH

SECTION: THE BEAT;FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 392 words


£99 with a £43.50 per month two-year contract at Vodafone

****

There's a definite sense of me-too about the release of the 5.5ins iPhone 6
Plus. Steve Jobs pointedly declared that "No one's going to buy" a big phone
back in 2010, yet here we find the Cupertino firm finally going head-to-head
with the likes of Samsung's Galaxy Note series.

Arriving alongside the iPhone 6 - Apple's other new flagship smartphone, which
measures 4.7ins - the 6 Plus is similarly specced, but boasts a better, full HD
display. Also, its bigger body allows it to house a larger capacity battery
which lasted almost two days-worth of regular use.

Both boast Apple's new A8 64-bit processor, 1GB of RAM, M8 motion coprocessors
and an 8MP rear-facing cameras. However, the 6 Plus benefits from superior OIS
(optical image stabilisation) compared to the iPhone 6 which makes do with EIS
(electronic image stabilisation).

The aluminium chassis and rear is a big nod back to the originally stylings and
feel of the very first iPhone. It looks very classy, although the handset has a
tendency to slip through your hands making a case something of a necessity. This
is largely due to the wafer-thin 6.9mm body.

The new larger size brings some design changes away from what we've come to
expect from Apple's handsets. The power button has been sensibly moved from the
top to the right-hand side, while a new iOS feature called Reachability drops
the top of the screen down with a double tap of the home button, allowing access
to the top of a page without having to stretch.

These features help, but the 6 Plus isn't a phone you can use one-handed, with
tasks such as taking a quick snap being rather cumbersome.

However, it was telling that in the seven days I've lived with the iPhone 6, I
rarely felt the need to grab my iPad. The 6 Plus is superb for watching movies
and reading books, and it's even fairly comfortable when working on word
processor documents, thanks to the extended keyboard.

In short, it could just as easily cannibalise sales of the iPad Mini as much as
compete with rivals like the Galaxy Note. The slight advancements in terms of
its processor and graphics are perhaps not enough to tempt iPhone 5S owners to
upgrade, but bigger does, to a large degree, mean better.

In this regard, the 6 Plus genuinely offers new functionability which is beyond
its predecessors.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Call Is On Line With New iPhone 6s; Gluten Free' But Bland? Smartphone
debut event and Apple TV, iPad Pro fail to impress investors

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 523 words


Apple unwrapped its ninth-generation iPhone on Wednesday, but investors were
unimpressed.

Apple stock fell 1.9% to 110.15 on the day, which also saw the unveiling of a
fourth-generation Apple TV set-top box and a large-screen iPad Pro tablet.

Wall Street is concerned that iPhone unit sales could fall year over year for
the first time ever with the new iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus handsets. Apple's
latest smartphones face tough comparisons to last year's huge iPhone 6 launch,
which satisfied pent-up demand for big-screen smartphones.

The iPhone is by far Apple's largest business, accounting for 63% of its June
quarter revenue.

Going For The Rose Gold

This year's handsets look the same as last year's, except for the added new rose
gold color model. The iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus have the same screen sizes (4.7
and 5.5 inches, respectively) and pricing as their predecessors. But they sport
better components, such as a pressure-sensitive 3 D Touch display, improved
front- and rear-facing cameras, a faster processor and a sturdier aluminum case.

"By the way, iPhone 6 S is gluten free," quipped One Direction singer Ryan
Tedder, who was the musical guest at Apple's event.

The new phones will be available for pre-order starting Saturday and will be in
stores Sept. 25.

Apple touted the new iPhones as its most advanced yet, but the sales pitch did
little to ease concerns that the growth days for the iPhone are behind it.

"We view positively iPhone enhancements, but are wary of comparables given the
success of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," said S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo
Zino. He rates Apple stock a hold.

The new features and technologies in the iPhone 6 S should be enough for Apple
to continue to gain market share at the high-end of the smartphone market, Piper
Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said. Lower prices for the existing iPhone 6 models
also should help draw customers, he said. Munster rates Apple stock as
overweight with a price target of 172.

"We are expecting 4% year-over-year iPhone unit growth vs. the Street at flat in
2016," he said.

An Incremental iPhone?

Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed how to follow the phenomenal success of iPhone 6.

"How do you follow a success like this? I've gotten that question a few times,"
Cook said. "While (the iPhone 6 S phones) may look familiar, we have changed
everything about these new iPhones."

The first TV commercial for the iPhone 6 S starts with a narrator saying, "This
is the iPhone 6 S. Not much has changed." Then she says "except" and lists the
many new features.

The pressure-sensitive display can tell a soft press from a hard one, creating
new ways to interact with apps and content. With 3 D Touch, users can get
previews of content and find app shortcuts.

The iPhone 6 S has a 12-megapixel rear camera, vs. 8 megapixels for the old
model. It shoots 4 K ultra high-definition video, new for the iPhone. The phone
has a 5 megapixel FaceTime camera that uses the Retina display as a flash for
taking better selfies.

The iPhone 6 S uses Apple's A9 processor, its third-generation 64-bit chip. It
provides a 70% faster CPU and 90% faster graphics processor speed vs. the A8
chip.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Apple sells 10 million iPhones in just three days

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 383 words


in 10 countries, far surpassed the 2 million first-day pre-orders for the iPhone
5 model two years ago.

Soham Chatrterjee higher than Wall Street estimates, based on reported sales and
projected demand for the new iPhones, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster wrote
in a note. He said he expected earnings per share to be 12pc higher than
estimates.

Apple sold five million iPhone 5 handsets, four million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend. The company said last week that
many US customers would have to wait until next month for their new iPhones due
to strong demand.

APPLE said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its
new models went on sale last Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones with
larger displays.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Mr Cook said in a statement.

Chief executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.

Apple routinely faces iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that
involve a re-design.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (yesterday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries, including Ireland, on
September 26, Apple said.

Last year, Apple sold nine million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on September 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

The shipment levels are positive, given that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are not
initially available in China, unlike iPhone 5S and 5C models.

Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have
been delayed by regulatory issues.

The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9pc First-day pre-orders of
the new phones, which went on sale

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Sheehan gets set up with the new iPhone 6 at The Apple Store in
Regent Street, London, last week. Apple said yesterday it has broken its own
records with iPhone sales over the past three days. GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Apple's appeal in iPhone case accepted by IP court

BYLINE: Xu Wei

LENGTH: 464  words


A Beijing ourt has accepted an appeal by Apple to review a ruling by Beijing's
patent office ordering the company to halt the sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Court has accepted an appeal by Apple to
review a ruling by the capital's patent office ordering the company to halt the
sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design too
closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Office said in a statement on its website that
it ordered Apple and a reseller of its products in Beijing, Beijing Zoomflight
Communication Equipment Co, to stop selling the two iPhone models after it found
they infringed upon the rights of a Shenzhen-based company.

A spokesman for the court said it had accepted Apple's appeal to review the
ruling, but it has not set a time for the hearing.

An Apple spokesman told AFP that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, as well as
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are "all available for sale today
in China".

"We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month, and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court," the Apple spokesman said.

The complaint against Apple was filed by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Service Co, a
small Chinese brand that designed a cellphone model called the 100C.

Despite a number of differences between the 100C and the iPhone 6, "the
differences are too tiny to be noticeable by average consumers, and thus it
should be deemed that there is no apparent difference between the two phone
models", according to a verdict by the Beijing patent tribunal.

The tribunal made its ruling in May, and it was reported by Chinese media
recently.

The IP dispute is the latest faced by Apple over the design of its products in
China, its second-largest market after the Americas.

The company lost a four-year fight against a Beijing leather products maker in
May after the Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favor of Xintong
Tiandi Technology, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone
cases and handbags under the name "iphone".

In 2012, Apple paid $60 million to a Shenzhen-based maker of computer screens
and LED lights to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark on the Chinese
mainland.

The company, Proview Technology, claimed that the Taipei subsidiary of its Hong
Kong-based parent registered the iPad trademark in a number of countries and
regions in 2000. Even though the iPad trademark was purchased by Apple from
Proview Taipei in 2009, Proview Shenzhen said it reserved the right to use the
trademark it registered on the Chinese mainland in 2001.

Cao Yin contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6 with 16GB memory will cost OMR540 in Oman

BYLINE: Rejimon K

LENGTH: 330 words


Muscat:Apple fans in Oman planning to buy the new iPhone series will have to pay
more than OMR500 and up to OMR900, traders who have got the price list said.


"The price list we have got from dealers in Dubai shows that the iPhone 6 16GB
version will cost OMR540 and iPhone 6 plus 16GB version will cost OMR680," a
sales representative at Smart Zone, said.
Apple last week unveiled the two latest models in its iPhone series, both of
which boast a larger screen, in a bid to recapture its role as a technological
trend-setter and many in Oman are waiting to own the new handsets.
According to the trader, iPhone 6 16GB will cost OMR540, 64GB OMR590 and 128GB
will cost OMR640.
Meanwhile, iPhone 6 plus 16GB will cost OMR680, 64GB OMR790 and 128GB will cost
OMR890.
Click on the link below to view Apple iPhone 6 photo gallery:
http://www.timesofoman.com/photogallery/Apple-iPhone-6
" These are the initial prices sent by the dealers in Dubai. Now, we have to get
Telecom Regulatory Authority (TRA) permission for sales. Most probably, the new
iPhones will be available by the last week of this month," the sales
representative added.
Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from fans hoping to
pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models launched this week.
The company announced it would take pre-orders, but within minutes it had begun
displaying "We'll be back" messages in several languages. Twitter users reported
problems with sites around the world before the service appeared to be restored
after 30 minutes.
It is the second time this week Apple's site has crashed under strong demand.
Meanwhile, people who were lucky enough to have secured pre-orders for the first
iPhone 6 shipments are now selling them on eBay at more than $1000 than they
paid for them.
According to Apple's official US website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is at
US$199 for US customers while the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be at US$299 with a
two-year contract. Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Ncell launches iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 20 -- Ncell has launched iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the
Nepali market bundled with its SIM and data offer.

The phones were launched amid a function in Kathmandu on Friday. Both the models
will be available in three storage capacity options -- 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB.

"We are pleased to offer to our customers the premium handsets from Apple
bundled with our services. This association of top brands, we believe, will
provide special value for them," Sanju Koirala, corporate communications
director of Ncell, said.

Under the bundling offer, customers buying any of these handsets would get 1 GB
data for free every month for six months. Ncell has priced iPhone 6 at Rs 83,999
for 16 GB, at Rs 94,499 for 64 GB and at Rs 107,999 for 128 GB at. Likewise,
iPhone 6 Plus with internal memory of 16 GB costs Rs 94,499, 64 GB is priced at
Rs 107,999 and 128 GB is available at Rs 120,999.

The prices, however, are subject to exchange rates movement, according to Ncell.

The phone is also available on EMI from Nepal Investment Bank, Himalaya Bank and
Nabil Bank.

"This is the first time that Apple handsets have been launched officially in
Nepal. Now customer will be benefited with Apple's genuine after-sales service
and global warranty," Pranay Raj Acharya, B2B director of Ncell, said. Acharya
further added that the prices are costs of handsets alone, and Ncell SIM and
data that come with the handsets ensure additional value.

Customers can buy iPhone handsets bundled with Ncell from seven Ncell Centers.
Similarly, existing Ncell users can also transfer the on-net balance offered
with the sets into their existing numbers.

Prakul Kumar of Tinkune, who bought iPhone 6 Plus from Ncell Center in Krishna
Tower, is the first authorized iPhone handset buyer in Nepal, according to
Ncell.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      August 24, 2015 Monday 12:28 PM GMT

Apple admits fault causes 'blurry' photos on some iPhone 6 Plus;
Company blames bad iSight camera component but says that only 'a small
percentage' of devices are affected

BYLINE: Stuart Dredge

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 305 words


If you've had a run of blurry photos taken with an iPhone 6 Plus smartphone, the
problem may not be your photographic skills.

Apple has launched a camera replacement programme for the device after a number
of owners complained about the quality of photos taken using its iSight camera.

"Apple has determined that, in a small percentage of iPhone 6 Plus devices, the
iSight camera has a component that may fail causing your photos to look blurry,"
explained the company.

"The affected units fall into a limited serial number range and were sold
primarily between September 2014 and January 2015."

Owners are being asked to check the serial number of their device on Apple's
website, before making an appointment to have the camera replaced at one of the
company's stores or authorised service providers.

Affected owners are being warned that if their iPhone 6 Plus has any other
damage - a cracked screen, for example - they will have to get that repaired
first, possibly paying for it.

Related: Samsung and Apple battle over the smartphone 'floating voter'

Apple is replacing the iSight cameras in this case, rather than recalling the
smartphones, as it did in October 2013 with a limited number of iPhone 5s
handsets after a manufacturing error made them drain their batteries faster than
expected.

The first complaints about blurry photos on the iPhone 6 Plus were reported on
Apple's support website in October 2014, just weeks after the device went on
sale.

Although several users on the support thread reported that their handsets had
been replaced when they took them in to Apple Stores for diagnosis, it has taken
until now for the company to publicly confirm the issue, and launch an official
replacement programme for the affected cameras.

Apple is expected to unveil new iPhone models in September, including an iPhone
6s and 6s Plus.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Is the iPhone 6 Plus easy to bend? Video says yes;
People who wear tight pants may be in for a surprise

BYLINE: Laura Mandaro, and Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 658 words


If you notice your new iPhone is a little bent out of shape when you pull it out
of your pocket, you may not be seeing things.

Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which boast aluminum shells for lightness,
apparently live up to that other characteristic of aluminum: malleability.

Reports of bent iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets are popping up on social media, and
one product reviewer posted a video showing how far the larger frame can bend if
one really, really tries.

On Twitter, it's being called #BendGate and #Bendghazi.

So far there has been no official response from Apple.

Russell Holly, 29, decided to examine his new silver iPhone 6 after seeing
online reports of bent iPhones.

He noticed it wobbled on a flat surface. Then he compared it with the other
iPhone 6 he bought. The bend was unmistakable. His confidence in the iPhone
shaken, the mobile editor for Geek.com returned the phone.

"Smartphones are not invulnerable objects," he said. "I've dropped more than my
fair share of them, and I have seen other smartphones become damaged when people
sit on them or worse."

But, said the father of three: "As an iPhone owner, this is a deal breaker for
me. I can't own a device that I have to treat with such extreme care."

Lewis Hilsenteger, the creator of a YouTube review show called Unbox Therapy,
said he noticed a slight bend to his iPhone 6 Plus frame after carrying the
phone around in his pocket for a few days.

In a clip, he proceeds to worsen the effect by applying pressure with his thumbs
and fingers on the 5.5-inch frame. And, yes, it bends after some exertion. The
weakness was more pronounced near the buttons.

"Bottom line here is it's an aluminum phone; it is going to bend if you apply
enough pressure, like I just did. Will this happen in your front pocket? That
probably depends on how tight your pants are," Hilsenteger says in the video,
which had 8.3 million views one day after it first published.

Modest grumbling about the new device from Apple, famed for its innovative,
elegant designs, has been building since the phone went on sale in stores on
Friday. Opening weekend sales of the two new phones topped 10 million, a record.

Websites devoted to Apple products hosted comments and pictures by new owners
complaining of slight but noticeable changes to the frame.

TechCrunch noted that a similar complaint surfaced in the early days of the 5
and 5s launches, and several tech journalists pointed out that hunting for the
"first flaw" in an Apple product launch had become a tired part of the Apple
product cycle. First the rumor, then the launch, then hyperfocus on small
problems -- dubbed the "gates," as in "antenna-gate" and now "BendGate."

But analysts dismissed talk of BendGate.

"I think it's a gross overreaction. The reality is that, yes, the phones do bend
under pressure. But so would any other phone," Piper Jaffray analyst Gene
Munster said. "It's just the physics of what they are trying to accomplish."

Creative Strategies analyst Tim Bajarin says he thinks the problems are
isolated.

He says he has been carrying his iPhone 6 Plus in the pocket of his tight jeans
for a week without any bending.

"Apple has proven anytime there is a problem, they move quickly to correct it.
That will be the case here," he said.

Apple shares  ended Wednesday's session down nearly 1%, lagging a 1% rise in the
Nasdaq composite index. The company also pulled its iOS 8.0.1 update after
reports of problems, including cellphone connections and TouchID capability.

Apple's stock is still up over 3% since Sept. 8, the day before it unveiled its
new iPhones and mobile operating system and introduced its Apple Watch.

And then there was the humorous side. Besides the disgruntlement of some Apple
enthusiasts who had fought lines and crashing Web browsers to be among the first
to buy the phones, which start at close to $300 (with contract) for the iPhone 6
Plus, the apparent glitch also provided fodder for Twitter's finest stand-ups.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Lewis Hilsenteger, Unbox Therapy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Celcom to offer iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus from midnight tomorrow

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 307 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Celcom Axiata Bhd will start offering Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s plus beginning midnight tomorrow.

The iPhone 6s 16GB will be available starting at RM1,058 with the FIRST plan and
iPhone 6s plus 16GB from RM1,478 with the FIRST plan.

Customers who sign up now will receive a limited time offer of 12GB
complimentary data (1GB per month for 12 months) as an additional quota on top
of the new plan.

In addition, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus and iPhone 5s are also available.

Celcom said iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus brought a powerful new dimension to
iPhone's revolutionary multi-touch interface with 3D touch, which senses how
deeply the users press the display, letting them do all kinds of essential
things more quickly and simply.

The new iPhones introduce live photos, which bring still images to life.

Live photos, 3D touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel facetime HD
camera with retina flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip,
delivering faster performance and great battery life.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed from the strongest glass on any
smartphone and 7,000 series aluminium the same alloy used in the aerospace
industry, in metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

"Celcom offers the fastest and widest-reaching 4G LTE network in Malaysia.
Customers will love using their new iPhones on our network, enabling a great
experience that will enhance their mobile needs," said Celcom Axiata chief
marketing and sales officer Zalman Aefendy Zainal Abidin.

Customers can purchase iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus starting midnight tomorrow
at four different outlets - Blue Cube@Sunway Pyramid, Blue Cube Publika, Celcom
Centre Taman Molek, Johor Bahru and Blue Cube Elit Avenue Bayan Baru, Penang.

Celcom is also offering customers trade-in values of up to RM1, 900 for current
iPhones.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 20, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

SOLD OUT! Apple iPhones out of stock, fresh lot to arrive in 3 days

LENGTH: 185  words


According to fresh reports Apple has sold out the 55,000 units of Apple iPhones
it got into India for the first round of sale.

The sale of iPhone started in India on midnight of 16th October and the company
sold 35,000 units in the first 12 hours of sale. By the 19th October the it sold
all the 55,000 units in India (that is in 72 hours of launch).

According to a report in the Hindustan Times "the first batch of 55,000 Iphone 6
and iPhone 6Plus units shipped to India are sold out." The waiting time for
those who aspire for a new iPhone is now 3 days, when the stocks will be
replenished.

According to the report sources from Apple has confirmed the arrival of new
stocks of Iphone 6 and 6 Plus in thee days.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are 4.7 inch  and 5.5 inch screen smartphones launched
by Apple this year.   The two are available in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB storage
variants priced at INR 53,500, INR 62,500 and INR 71,500, respectively (for
iPhone 6) and INR 62,500, INR 71,500 and INR 80,500, respectively (for iPhone 6
Plus). The new iPhones sport the latest 64-bit A8 chip and runs the iOS 8
operating system.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Early buyers must wait for new iPhones

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 160 words


Customers who ordered the iPhone 6 in advance have been warned that they might
not receive their handset until next month because of high demand, Apple has
said.

More than four million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets were ordered in the
24 hours after advance sales began last Friday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were revealed at a celebrity launch event near
Apple's headquarters in California last week, along with the company's first
wearable device, Apple Watch.

Apple said that it had held back some iPhone 6 stock for its retail stores, to
go on sale at 8am on Friday.

Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, said: "We are thrilled customers love them as
much as we do."

The iPhone 6 costs £539 without a contract, and the Plus version is £619 without
a contract. Orders will begin to be sent out from Friday.

Apple plans to start selling Watch for $349 (£215) next year. The company is
said to be preparing to launch the next generation of its iPad next month.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone prices up 20 per cent

BYLINE: BLAYNE SLABBERT

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 338 words


KIWIS are paying 20 per cent more for the latest iPhones compared to last year's
version.

The 16GB iPhone 6S costs $1199, compared to the iPhone 6 which cost $999 when it
was released a year ago.

Last year, the 16GB iPhone 6 Plus cost $1199, compared to the 6S Plus which
costs $1399.

The increase is being blamed on the falling NZ dollar.

This time last year the kiwi bought US81 cents. Today, it buys US63c.

That's a 22 per cent fall.

Kiwis can expect price rises for all electronic equipment in the next few
months.

That doesn't seem to be putting people off the new iPhones, with Spark selling
out of some models and the Apple store showing long waits for the 6S Plus.

Anyone ordering the iPhone 6 Plus from Apple will have to wait three to four
weeks for delivery. This is the same for all colours and storage options.

The only 6S model showing a delay is the 64GB model in pink (rose gold), for
which people will have to wait for two to three weeks.

Spark has sold out of the 6S Plus 16GB model and also indicates stock is limited
for other models. It says pre-orders are limited to one per customer.

Apple's new iPhones became available for pre-order in New Zealand over the
weekend ahead of their release on Friday, September 25.

Pre-orders for its latest iPhone have been so strong that Apple expects to
surpass last year's record, when it sold 10 million phones during the first
weekend.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period,"
an Apple spokesman said.

For people buying the devices outright, the iPhone 6s, which has a 4.7-inch
display, costs $1199 for the 16GB model, $1399 for the 64GB model and $1599 for
the 128GB model. The larger iPhone 6s Plus, with a 5.5-inch display, costs $1399
for the 16GB model, $1599 for the 64GB model and $1799 for the 128GB model.

Kiwis often think they pay more than other countries for gadgets, but a look at
prices for the new iPhones around the world show we aren't doing too badly.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone prices up 20 per cent

BYLINE: Blayne Slabbert

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 338 words


Kiwis are paying 20 per cent more for the latest iPhones compared to last year's
version.

The 16GB iPhone 6S costs $1199, compared to the iPhone 6 which cost $999 when it
was released a year ago.

Last year, the 16GB iPhone 6 Plus cost $1199, compared to the 6S Plus which
costs $1399.

The increase is being blamed on the falling NZ dollar.

This time last year the kiwi bought US81 cents. Today, it buys US63c.

That's a 22 per cent fall.

Kiwis can expect price rises for all electronic equipment in the next few
months.

That doesn't seem to be putting people off the new iPhones, with Spark selling
out of some models and the Apple store showing long waits for the 6S Plus.

Anyone ordering the iPhone 6 Plus from Apple will have to wait three to four
weeks for delivery. This is the same for all colours and storage options.

The only 6S model showing a delay is the 64GB model in pink (rose gold), for
which people will have to wait for two to three weeks.

Spark has sold out of the 6S Plus 16GB model and also indicates stock is limited
for other models. It says pre-orders are limited to one per customer.

Apple's new iPhones became available for pre-order in New Zealand over the
weekend ahead of their release on Friday, September 25.

Pre-orders for its latest iPhone have been so strong that Apple expects to
surpass last year's record, when it sold 10 million phones during the first
weekend.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period,"
an Apple spokesman said.

For people buying the devices outright, the iPhone 6s, which has a 4.7-inch
display, costs $1199 for the 16GB model, $1399 for the 64GB model and $1599 for
the 128GB model. The larger iPhone 6s Plus, with a 5.5-inch display, costs $1399
for the 16GB model, $1599 for the 64GB model and $1799 for the 128GB model.

Kiwis often think they pay more than other countries for gadgets, but a look at
prices for the new iPhones around the world show we aren't doing too badly.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Worldwide iPhone sales decline except in China

BYLINE: Yu Xiaoming

LENGTH: 282  words


The smartphone's market share has had a strong rally for four straight months in
China despite its deline in seven of the world's largest markets.

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (R) and iPhone 6 Plus at the Apple store on Fifth
Avenue after the phones went on sale in New York in this file photo taken
September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

iPhone's market share declined in the United States, Germany, Britain, Italy,
Spain and Japan in the three months to the end of February, but in China, it has
had a strong rally for four straight months, according to a Forbes report.

Data from market research institute Kantar Worldpanel ComTech showed that
iPhone's market share declined in January and February in seven of the world's
largest markets. Its share in the US fell from 47.7 to 38.8 percent, Japan, from
60.2 to 49.8 percent; Germany, from 20.9 to 17.4 percent; Britain, from 42.0 to
38.6 percent; France, from 23.0 to 21.6 percent; Spain, from 12.9 to 8.7 percent
and Italy, from 18.3 to 17.5 percent.

Due to the effect of the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in October, China
Mobile's 4G network rollout and the Spring Festival, iPhone's market share in
China rose to 27.6 percent from 18.1 percent last November.

"Chinese need has been strong since iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus came to the
market, KWC chief researcher Carolina Milanesi said, adding that the situation
continued up to the Spring Festival. Among iPhone users, China Mobile's
subscribers account for 59 percent.

"iPhone 6 is still the best-selling smartphone in Chinese cities, and its market
share rose to 10.2 percent in February, compared with 9.5 percent last month,"
said Tamsin Timpson, KWC Asian strategy analysis director.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 16, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Craze of iPhone continues, Apple iPhone 6 records over 4 million pre-orders in
24 hours

LENGTH: 264  words


Apple has announced that its new generation Iphone 6 and Iphone 6 Plus have out
passed a whopping four million pre-orders in first 24 hours after the phones
went up on pre-orders. These new phones have broken all the previous pre-order
records set by iPhone.

Tim Cook, Apple's CEO has said that "Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into
the hands of customers starting this Friday."

The company mentions that though it will start delivering a significant amount
of phones beginning this Friday (September 19) and will continue doing so
throughout September, some iPhone pre-orders will be delivered in October.

Consumers will also be able to buy iPhones on apple retail store from September
19, though people might not receive the units immediately as the delivery of
these will depend on stock available at the time of purchase.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the US, Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK beginning
this Friday, September 19. In addition to that, the company has also mentioned
the name of those 20 countries in which the sale for new iPhones will begin on
September 26. These countries include Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland,
Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and United Arab Emirates. This further kills even
the slightest of hope around Apple iPhone 6's India launch in September.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Introduces iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Best, Most Advanced iPhone Ever

LENGTH: 1648  words


Sept. 7 -- Apple today introduced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most
advanced iPhone ever, packed with unique innovations that improve all the ways
iPhone is used every day. The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems
that take pictures like never before, more power and performance with the best
battery life ever in an iPhone, immersive stereo speakers, wide color system
from camera to display, two new beautiful finishes, and is the first water and
dust resistant iPhone. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than
25 countries beginning Friday, September 16.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing. "The completely redesigned cameras shoot
incredible photos and videos day or night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the sound,
all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone."

New Advanced Camera Systems

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the world's most popular camera and make it even
better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilization on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide color capture allows for more vibrant colors with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images,
while sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the
background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only
with DSLR cameras.

Additional Camera Advancements Include:

* New Apple-designed Image Signal Processor, which processes over 100 billion
operations on a single photo in as little as 25 milliseconds, resulting in
incredible photos and videos;

* New 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with wide color capture, advanced pixel
technology and auto image stabilization for even better selfies; and

* New Quad-LED True Tone flash that is 50 percent brighter than iPhone 6s
including an innovative sensor that detects the flickering in lights and
compensates for it in videos and photos.

More Performance & Battery Life

The new custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that
powers these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone,
while also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever
in an iPhone. The A10 Fusion's CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating
two high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and
two high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the
power of the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful,
running up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power,
enabling a new level of gaming and professional apps.

Both phones include support for up to 25 LTE bands, for the best worldwide
roaming in the industry, and LTE Advanced for three times faster data rates than
iPhone 6 at up to 450 Mbps.[1] For customers in Japan, iPhone will now support
the leading FeliCa contactless technology, bringing the ability to use credit
and prepaid cards, including on iD and QuicPay domestic networks, and Suica,
Japan's dominant transit card issued by JR East, the world's largest transit
operator.

An Amazing Audio Experience

New stereo speakers offer amazing and immersive sound that is two times louder
than iPhone 6s, offering increased dynamic range of sound and a higher quality
speakerphone. The new iPhone comes with EarPods with Lightning connector to
deliver incredible sound, as well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter that allows
customers to use old headphones and accessories.

New AirPods, Apple's innovative new wireless headphones, weave simplicity and
technology together to reinvent the wireless experience making headphones easy
to use. Featuring the new Apple W1 chip, AirPods have extremely efficient
wireless communication for a better connection, improved sound and
industry-leading battery life. AirPods harness the power of Siri, allowing you
to access your favorite personal assistant with just a double tap.

Design That Makes a Splash

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in a gorgeous design in silver, gold and
rose gold finishes and introduce two all-new black finishes, a beautiful black
finish that has an anodized matte appearance, and an innovative jet black finish
that has a deep, high-gloss look. The new jet black finish is accomplished
through an innovative nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform,
glossy finish. An entirely reengineered enclosure results in a water resistant
iPhone offering protection like never before against spills, splashes and
dust.[2]

The new iPhone features the brightest, most colorful Retina HD display ever in
an iPhone, now with a wide color gamut for cinema-standard colors, greater color
saturation and the best color management in the smartphone industry. An all-new,
advanced, solid-state Home button on iPhone 7 is designed to be durable and
responsive, and working in tandem with the new Taptic Engine, provides more
precise and customizable tactile feedback.

Featuring iOS 10, the Biggest iOS Release Ever

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with iOS 10, the biggest release ever of the
world's most advanced mobile operating system. iOS 10 introduces a huge update
to Messages that delivers more expressive and animated ways to message friends
and family, the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, new ways to
interact with apps and even more places to use 3D Touch, beautifully redesigned
Maps, Photos, Apple Music and News apps, and the Home app, delivering a simple
and secure way to manage home automation products in one place. iOS 10 also
opens up incredible opportunities for developers with Siri, Maps, Phone and
Messages APIs, allowing customers to do more than ever with the apps they love
to use.

Pricing & Availability

* iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in silver, gold, rose gold and
the new black finish in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models starting at $649 (US), and
the new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from apple.com, Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select
carriers.

* Through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, customers in the US, and for the first
time in the UK and China, can get an unlocked iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, with
the protection of AppleCare+, choose their carrier and have the opportunity to
upgrade to a new iPhone every year. The iPhone Upgrade Program is available at
apple.com and Apple Stores in the US with monthly payments starting at $32.[3]

* Customers will be able to order iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus beginning Friday,
September 9, with availability beginning Friday, September 16, in Australia,
Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the
UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.

* iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece,
Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait,
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar,
Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Slovenia beginning Friday, September
23. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will also be available to customers in India
beginning Friday, October 7.

* The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for $159 (US) from apple.com and Apple Stores beginning in late
October. All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with
Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately at apple.com and Apple Stores, for $29 (US) and $9 (US),
respectively.

* Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colors will be available starting at $35 (US) and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for $99 (US) from apple.com and Apple Stores.
Lightning Docks in several color-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for $49 (US).

* Every customer who buys iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus from Apple will be offered
free Personal Setup, in-store or online[4], to help them customize their iPhone
by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

* Anyone who wants to learn more about iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus or iOS 10 can
register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh
in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac,
Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple's four software platforms - iOS, macOS, watchOS
and tvOS - provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower
people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple
Pay and iCloud. Apple's 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best
products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.

This document has footnotes and they may be found at:
(http://www.apple.com/newsroom/2016/09/apple-introduces-iphone-7-iphone-7-plus.
html).

Source: Apple

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

GENXT named iPhone authorised distributor

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 13 -- Generation Next Communications (GENXT) has been approved
by Apple Inc to sell its iPhone series in Nepal as the authorised distributor,
the company said. It added that the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus would be
unveiled in the domestic market next week.Although Apple has been selling its
products like the iMac, iPod and MacBooks through various authorised resellers
in Nepal, it has not appointed any authorised distributor for the iPhone.

"Nepali customers will be able to buy the latest series of the iPhone 6 along
with previous models through our sales and distribution network in the country
probably from next Friday," said Pawan Kumar Bhimsariya, managing director of
Generation Next, confirming that his company had been appointed as the
authorised distributor for the iPhone in Nepal.

"Due to lack of authorised sales and service centres, customers have been facing
various problems related to after sales service, but now they can be assured of
the products they buy as we will provide a one-year warranty and VAT bill," said
Bhimsariya.

Although the company didn't disclose the price of the iPhone series, Bhimsariya
said that the rates would be lower than what customers had been paying in the
grey market. Local vendors have been selling the iPhone at a starting price of
Rs 85,000.

Officially launched in September in various international markets, the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus are Apple's latest and thinnest smartphones that come in
4.7 and 5.5 inch display. The iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus are thinner at 6.8 mm and
7.1 mm respectively. Both the phones are powered by a new A8 processor and sport
an 8 MP iSight camera along with a 1.2 MP front facing camera.

Both the phones support 2G, 3G and 4G network. These phones will be available in
16, 32, 64 and 128 GB capacities and three colour options, grey, silver and
gold, said Bhimsariya. The phones come with features like shatter-proof glass,
fingerprint sensor, active noise cancellation with dedicated mic, face
detection, iCloud service, iMessage, document viewer and editor and Maps, among
others.

Bhimsariya said that they were planning to launch EMI and bundling service with
telecommunication service provider Ncell. According to Bhimsariya, there will be
24 retail stores including three showrooms of Evo Store and Future World along
with 18 Ncell centres. "We have asked Apple to open another seven to eight
retail stores, but it has not confirmed anything yet," added Bhimsariya.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bourne Local

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTLO


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Bury Free Press

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBFP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Diss Express

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDEP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Fenland Citizen

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MFCP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Grantham Journal

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGJP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Haverhill Echo

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHEP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Horncastle News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHNP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Louth Leader

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLOP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Lynn News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLNF


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Market Rasen Mail

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMRP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Melton Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMTP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Newmarket Journal

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MNJP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    The News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPNS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Peterborough Today

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: METP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Rutland Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 as best device' yet

LENGTH: 207  words


It's that time again.

Global technology company Apple has just unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus.

Apple CEO Tim Cook took to the stage today (6pm UK time) in San Francisco to
reveal the best iPhone we have created.'

Here's some of the main features of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus:

Apple will get rid of the headphone jack and have wireless headphones, called
Apple Airpods, which can also be used to make calls.

The iPhone 7 will also be water and dust resistant.

It will come in two black colours-  gloss and  matt, and also silver and gold
and rose gold. The display is 25 per cent brighter.

The iPhone 7 has a 4.7 inch screen and the iPhone 7 plus has a 5.5-inch display.

Longer battery life - should last 1 -2 hours more than iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

Even more storage and will be available in 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

Improved camera with 12 megapixels which can take multiple photos which can be
fused together, and the audio has been updated with stereo speakers.

The front camera has been upgraded to 7MP.

The iPhone 7 Plus will have a two 12MP cameras which will offer better zoom
range,

Prices start from £599. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus can be ordered on
September 9 and will start shipping on September 16.

Picture: Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRUT


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved
