

Here's more on Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The latest leak comes from NWE
editor Steve Hemmerstoffer's @OnLeaks. Hemmerstoffer has shared CAD images of
the upcoming iPhones on his Twitter account.The images which come courtesy a
alleged sub-contractor that works for Apple, show the removal of the two antenna
lines on the back cover.

They also point to addition of a Smart Connector port on the larger Apple iPhone
7 Plus.The images also reveal a dual-camera setup, as widely speculated earlier
too, for the larger iPhone 7 plus.KGI Securities Ming-Chi Kuo, who has the best
track record when it comes to Apple devices, recently said in a research note
that Apple will ship a dual-lens iSight camera in all iPhone 7 Plus models.Kuo
also predicts that iPhone 7 Plus will come with 3GB RAM, with Apple adding
another gigabyte to the total RAM. However, iPhone 7 will come with 2GB RAM. He
also see Apple shipping 20 to 30 million iPhone 7 Plus units during the second
half of 2016 alone.According Chinese microblogging website Weibo, the upcoming
iPhones will also get a battery boost. The Weibo report, which also has photos
allegedly from the factory floor, show battery capacity of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus as 1735mAh and 2810mAh respectively.Recently, in an interview to CNBC,
Apple CEO Tim Cook had said that iPhone 7 will have features 'you can't live
without'. ook told CNBC's Jim Cramer, "We have great innovation in the pipeline,
like new iPhones that will incent you and other people that have iPhones today
to upgrade to new iPhones... We are going to give you things that you can't live
without, that you just don't even know you need today..."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

