

NEW DELHI: Apple has already sent out the invites for the launch event of next
iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- scheduled for September 7. The
smartphones until now have been through numerous leaks and rumours, now the
latest one claims to reveal the duo's pricing in China. According to a report by
Phoneradar, iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus are expected to come in three
variants (based on storage) -- 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. While the iPhone 7 32GB is
said to cost CNY 5288, the 128GB and 256GB variants are expected to costs CNY
6088 and CNY 7088 respectively.

As for the larger and more powerful iPhone 7 Plus, the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
versions are supposed to come with a price tag of CNY 6088, CNY 6888 and CNY
7888 respectively.Converting the prices to Indian currency, the 32GB, 128GB and
256GB of iPhone 7 would approximately cost Rs 53,000, Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250
respectively. While 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would
roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs 69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.However, since the
above is straight conversion of China prices, one could expect the smartphones
to cost more in India as import duties and other factors too come into play.As
per some recent reports, the iPhone 7 will feature a 4.7-inch 3D touch display,
while the iPhone 7 Plus is expected to feature a large 5.5-inch display. The
company is also planning to increase the display resolution in the iPhone 7 to
enable users to use the device for reading and app navigation.The iPhone 7 is
rumoured to be powered by Apple's A10 processor paired with 2GB RAM. The 'Plus'
variant is said to feature the same processor with 4GB RAM.As for the camera,
the upcoming iPhone 7 is expected to bear a 12MP rear camera coupled with a 5MP
front-facing snapper. As far as the iPhone 7 Plus is concerned, you can expect a
16MP rear camera. Both will be powered by the iOS 10 OS version.The handsets
might also ditch the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack and instead come with a
lightning connector for headphones. Rumours also indicate the Cupertino-based
tech firm to incorporate fast charging functionality into both the devices. But
there are some quarters, which say that this feature is highly unlikely.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

