

Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available for iOS lovers in India
beginning October 7 - the last in the list of countries.

Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black),
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models,
starting at Rs 60,000.

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models from Apple authorised resellers and select carriers, the Cupertino-based
tech giant announced on Wednesday.

Pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus begins from September 9 and the shipping
will start from September 16 first in 25 countries and other countries a week
later.

All iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models will include EarPods with "Lightning
Connector" and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter, also sold
separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900, respectively.

"Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of
colours will be available starting at Rs 2,900 and iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case
will be offered in black and white for Rs 8,900," the company said.

Lightning Docks in several colour-matching metallic finishes will also be
available for Rs 3,700.

iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus),
4.6-inch retina HD display, a new home button, 7 MP HD front camera and 12 MP
rear main camera, no traditional 3.5 mm headphone jack, iOS 10, A10 fusion chip
and and longest battery life to date.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever on an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers and wide colour system from camera to display.

The newly-launched Apple Watch Series 2 will be available in gold, rose gold,
silver or space grey aluminium, or silver or space black stainless steel cases
paired with a wide variety of bands starting at Rs 32,900.

The new ceramic Apple Watch Edition starts at Rs 110,900 from select Apple
authorised resellers and carriers.

Apple Watch Nike+ starts at Rs 32,900.

Apple Watch Series 1 will be available in gold, rose gold, silver or space grey
aluminium cases paired with a Sport Band and starts at Rs 23,900.

The new Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will be
available for Rs 15,400, beginning in late October in India.

AirPods require Apple devices running iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra.

Earlier, ending round-the-clock rumours that had sent the world of technology
into a tizzy for quite some time now, Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled stunning
devices at the jam-packed Bill Graham Civic Auditorium here.

"iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of the iPhone
experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make this the
best iPhone we have ever made," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing.

"The completely redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or
night, the A10 Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while
delivering the best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo
speaker system provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust
resistant iPhone," he told the gathering.

The 12MP camera includes optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus, and a larger AE'/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more
detailed photos and videos.

"iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone 7 and
adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at two
times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos," the company announced.

Coming later this year, the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new
depth-of-field effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images.

Sophisticated technology including machine learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits, once possible only with DSLR
cameras, the company said.

