

Click for image

The iPhone 7 is already off to a booming start.Â Shortly after pre-orders began,
Apple's carrier partners were blown away by unprecedented demand.

Most notably, T-Mobile said pre-orders were up 400 percent relative to the
iPhone 6. Just yesterday, T-Mobile CEO John Legere added that the iPhone 7 is
now the most pre-ordered device in T-Mobile history. On top of that, Sprint
relayed that iPhone 7 pre-orders this year are up an astonishing 375 percent
compared to last year.

Suffice it to say, the iPhone 7 may very well set a new weekend sales record,
though as we covered earlier, Apple won't be releasing specific sales figures
this year.

Speaking to the popularity of the iPhone 7, most prospective buyers hoping to
walk into an Apple retail store and pick up the iPhone 7 model of their choice
may be in for a rude awakening. According to a statement from Apple, all
in-store stock of the iPhone 7 Plus and the Jet Black iPhone 7 are already sold
out.

In a statement provided to Recode, Apple said:

We couldn't be happier with the initial response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
and we are looking forward to beginning sales through our retail stores and
partners around the world.

Beginning Friday, limited quantities of iPhone 7 in silver, gold, rose gold and
black will be available for walk-in customers at Apple retail stores. During the
online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and
iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers.
Availability at partner locations for all finishes may vary, and we recommend
checking directly with them.

Customers can continue to order all models in all colors on apple.com. We
sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new
iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible.

Talk about a good problem to have.

