

Apple fans are on standby as details of the new iPhone are set to be released
today.

Many can't wait that long though, and the internet has been creaking with
rumours of what the next incarnation - the iPhone 7 - will look like and new
features that might be included.

Industry commentators and Apple fan forums have been full of chatter - fuelled
by what many think are leaked images of the new smartphone.

So what can you expect from the new iPhone 7 and what are people predicting for
one of the biggest product launches of 2016?

And when will it be released?

We've searched the internet to bring you the lowdown on the new iPhone 7 before
it gets an official launch.

The home button. Is it staying or going?

According to Bloomberg Technology , the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click," it
claims..

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Some internet leaks have speculated on September 16 2016 - although no solid
evidence exists. Others suggest September 6, the daty after the end of Apple's
"back to school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

Rumours suggest Apple is planning to upgrade its base model from 16GB to 32GB,
keeping the iPhone 6 options of 64GB or 128GB storage.

If true, it's likely Apple will stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE".

Apple fans will be familiar with rumours suggesting the next iPhone will have a
larger camera lens and a USB Type C connection at the bottom that will double up
as the new headphone slot.

But in terms of size and design, the iPhone 7 is expected to be very similar to
the existing iPhone 6s .

This video - by Unbox Therapy - may also hold clues to the new iPhone 7 design,
claiming to have a mock up from the Chinese manufacturer. Features include a
dual lens camera, twin speakers and a Smart Connector.

And it comes in metallic blue...

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

