

[THE INVESTOR] Sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began in South Korea
on Friday, amid high expectations that the US tech giant might reap more success
here in the absence of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7. Ã£[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Apple officially launched its latest iPhone series through Korea's three major
mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus as well as local Apple retailer
Frisbee, with sales starting from 8 a.m. on Friday.

Preorder customers of Apple's iPhone 7 wait in line outside a retail shop in
Seoul on Oct. 21. Yoon Byung-chan/The Investor

Korea has long been a tough market for Apple, as Samsung has maintained its
undisputed leadership in the local smartphone business with a market share of
approximately 70 percent.

But now, expectations are high that Apple could score new purchases from Korean
customers who may be willing to try out the new iPhone as Samsung has pulled its
new smartphone from the market due to battery safety issues.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus are available in five
colors -- rose gold, silver, gold, black and the all-popular jet black edition.
Both run on the iOS 10 operating system.

Unlike previous models, the iPhone 7 series does not have earphone sockets and
are instead accompanied by wireless earphones -- a design change made by Apple
to make the new devices waterproof.

The iPhone 7 is priced at 869,000 won ($767) while the iPhone 7 Plus costs 1.02
million won for the 32GB model. Prices are higher for the 128GB and 256GB
models.

Korea's three mobile carriers have begun a fierce competition to attract more
iPhone 7 customers to their own retailers, introducing various subsidies and
discount promotions.

In terms of immediate savings, customers can choose to receive either an upfront
subsidy -- which varies by carrier -- or a unilateral 20 percent discount on the
monthly payment plan of their choice.

The three firms have also introduced their own warranty programs for new iPhone
customers.

SKT introduced the "T iPhone Club" on Friday, which offers repair and loss
warranties for iPhone 7 devices starting from 4,900 won per month. Club members
can also receive discount benefits when changing to a new iPhone device after 12
months.

KT and LG Uplus also launched similar programs which offer discount benefits to
customers who want to upgrade to a new iPhone device after 12 months at 2,300
won per month.

Even with the Galaxy Note 7 out of the way, Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
are set to compete against LG Electronics' newly launched V20 and even older
smartphones such as the Samsung Galaxy S7, according to industry insiders.

"While some Galaxy Note 7 owners looking for alternative devices may choose to
purchase the new iPhone 7, others may choose the LG V20 or even older Samsung
smartphones because they're used to Android-based devices," said one owner of a
local cell phone retailer in southern Seoul.

Customers looking for an upgraded Android handset are likely to lean toward the
5.7-inch LG V20, which boasts high-end audio and camera features.

They could also wait for the local launch of Google's 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch
Pixel XL smartphones which have begun sales abroad. Google has yet to announce
an official launch date for Korea.

Meanwhile, some customers who are reluctant to choose brands other than Samsung
may wait for next year's release of the Galaxy S8.

By Sohn Ji-young/The Korea Herald (

