

NEW DELHI: Apple has launched its latest smartphones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus . The company unveiled the two smartphones at an event in San Francisco on
Wednesday (September 7). Both new iPhones go on pre-order in the US on September
9 and will be going on sale in the country on September 16. Apple has also
official announced the India launch date of the devices. Both iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale in India on October 7, 2016. Though the company
has not revealed the pricing details of the smartphones in India, it has just
announced that price will start at Rs 60,000 onwards. This means that iPhone 7
32GB version (which is the base model in terms of storage) will be available at
Rs 60,000.The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Silver, Gold, Rose
Gold, Black colour options in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants.

However, the new Jet Black colour variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB
variants. The company will also bundle Lightning Connector Earpods and Lightning
to 3.5mm Headphone Jack Adapter with the smartphones. These will also be
available separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900, respectively.The new
Apple-designed wireless AirPods including charging case will sport at a price
tag of Rs 15,400 beginning. These too will go on sale at the same time. The
Cupertion giant will also introduce a complete range of accessories for iPhone 7
and 7 Plus which consists of silicone cases starting at Rs 2,900, iPhone 7 Smart
Battery Case in Black and While colours at Rs 8,900 and Lightning Docks at Rs
3,700.In terms of specifications, the iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with
3D touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D
touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion
processor, which the company claims is 40% faster that Apple A9 and it runs iOS
10.The Apple iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera with 6-element lens, f/1.8
aperture, High-speed Sensor (60% faster, 30% efficient), support for 4K video
recording and quad LED two-tone flash. On the other hand the iPhone 7 Plus has
dual 12MP rear cameras one wide-angle with f/1.8 aperture and a telephoto lens
with f/2.8 aperture for new depth-of-field and has OIS along with Quad-LED True
Tone flash.Both iPhones also have a similar 7MP Facetime camera, which is bumped
up from 5MP on the iPhone 6S. Another feature hitting the iPhone models for the
first time is the IP67 rating signifying the fact that it is water and dust
resistant. The models also have a new home button which is now touch sensitive
and uses a new Taptic engine for better response.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

