

The D-Day has finally arrived. Apple will today unveil its latest iPhones --
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Like all Apple devices, the new iPhones too have
been ruling the tech rumour mill since past many months. As we are just hours
away from Apple CEO Tim Cook's keynote address, we have tried to answer some
questions that you may have about the smartphones as per all the information and
leaks swirling on the internet.

What is iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus' launch date?Today. Apple is launching the
two new smartphones at an event in San Francisco today, starting at 10 pm IST.
When will iPhone 7 go on sale in India?There are no official confirmation on
this, however, according to the noted tipster Evan Blass iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus will go on sale on Friday September 16 2016 in the US. According to a
report, some 3,70,000 units of Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have been
shipped from Foxconn. The devices are expected to reach UK, The Netherlands,
Italy and the US.As for India, we can expect Apple to launch the devices in
India before Diwali (which falls on October 30).How can I watch the iPhone 7
launch event live?Apple enthusiasts in India can watch the livestream of the
event starting at 10:30 pm on Wednesday, September 7. The livestream can be
watched on iOS-based devices running version 7.0 or above and Mac computers with
OS X v10.8.5 or above and Safari version 6.0.6 or above. Windows users can watch
the event on their Windows 10 PCs, via Microsoft Edge browser.How will iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus look?Apple is reportedly not introducing any design changes in
its upcoming iPhones. The screen sizes of the two smartphones too are likely to
be same as the current-generation iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, 4.7 inch and 5.5
inch respectively. Apple is expected to drop the 3.5mm headphone jack and
replace it with lightning connectors instead, this is likely to reduce the
thickness of the handsets by a few millimetres.Users looking forward to a design
change will have to wait for another year. As Apple is said to be planning major
design upgrade for its next year's iPhones as it celebrates ten years of iPhone
launch.Likely to be called iPhone 8, the smartphone is rumoured to offer
"significant innovations" including full-glass OLED screen and new haptic
feedback features.Will iPhone 7 get a RAM boost?Yes, Apple is likely to give 1GB
RAM boost to both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. While iPhone 7 is rumoured to pack
2GB RAM, it is 3GB for iPhone 7 Plus. What will be the likely price of iPhone 7?
Again, there are absolutely no official hints about this. However, a recent
report in Phoneradar claimed to have revealed the two new iPhones Chinese
pricing. While the iPhone 7 32GB is said to cost CNY 5288, the 128GB and 256GB
variants are expected to costs CNY 6088 and CNY 7088 respectively. As for the
larger and more powerful iPhone 7 Plus, the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions are
supposed to come with a price tag of CNY 6088, CNY 6888 and CNY 7888
respectively.Converting the prices to Indian currency, the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
of iPhone 7 would approximately cost Rs 53,000, Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250
respectively. While 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would
roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs 69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.Is Apple phasing
out the 16GB model?Yes, Apple is expected to phase out the 16GB variant for both
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. This means that both Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus models will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants.What will be the USP of
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus?The biggest USP of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is said
to be dual-camera set-up. The duo are rumoured to sport two rear 12MP cameras
that can record 4K resolution videos in 60 frames per second. To improve the
camera experience, the handsets might feature four camera flash LEDs instead of
two LEDs that are there in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models.The company is
also said to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack and replace it with lightning
connectors instead. The company is also expected to launch wireless
Bluetooth-enabled earpods.The upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones
are also likely to feature dual speakers placed at the bottom of the handset.
The speakers are expected to deliver richer sound and enhance the media-viewing
experience. Is Apple really dropping headphone jack in the new iPhones?Yes most
likely. There are very strong rumours that Apple is bidding good bye to 3.5mm
headphone jack in the new iPhones. The company is said to be replacing it with
lightning connectors. Apple is also expected to launch wireless
Bluetooth-enabled earpods. What will be the processor in new iPhones?Apple
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are expected to run on the company's latest A10
processor. Manufactured by TSMC, the new chip will offer a maximum clock speed
of 2.4 GHz.Will the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come in new colours?Yes, Apple is
adding new colour options to its iPhone lineup. The company is likely to add
'dark black' and 'glossy piano black' variants to the range.These may replace
the existing 'space grey' coloured variant.Is Apple launching something else too
at the iPhone 7 launch event?Yes, Apple is expected to launch the
second-generation Apple Watch at today's event. The company is also expected to
showcase wireless headphones, perhaps some from Beats, which Apple bought two
years ago in a deal valued at $3 billion.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

