
DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 7 -- Zee Media Bureau
 The much-awaited Apple iPhone 7 series is all set to be launched on Friday from
7 pm onwards. The iphone 7 and iphone 7 plus will go on sale on many e-commerce
platforms. Already pre-orders are open on these platforms.


 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus start from Rs 60,000 and Rs 72,000 and go up to
Rs 80,000 and Rs 92,000, respectively.
 Tata CLiQ, Amazon India, and Flipkart have exciting offers for the interested
customers.
 The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new jet black colour
variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants.
 While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other
models has not been disclosed.
 IPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a
5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a
new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 per cent faster
than the previous generation.
 The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording.
The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras - one wide-angle and a telephoto
lens.
 Both iPhones have a similar 7MP Facetime camera, which is bumped up from 5MP on
the iPhone 6S. The handsets come with IP67 rating, signifying the fact that it
is water and dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone.
 The models also have a new home button which is now touch sensitive and uses a
new Taptic engine for better response. Apple has also has done away with the
3.5mm audio jack that has been the industry standard since the Walkman.
 The Cupertino-based company is betting big on the Indian market. In July, Apple
CEO Tim Cook had said that India is one of its fastest growing markets.
 "In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India
were up 51 per cent year-on-year," he had said on an investor call.
 The company has also announced setting up of a design and development
accelerator to support Indian developers creating innovative applications for
iOS and has opened a new office in Hyderabad to accelerate maps development.
 Cook, who visited India in May, had discussed issues including manufacturing
and setting up retail stores in the country with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
 (With PTI inputs)

