

Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
week.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple has sent out invitations for an event next week, where it is widely
expected to unveil its next flagship handset - the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured bubbles, which may relate to
the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets.

However, these could also be water droplets - which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Another video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could
be the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button (see below) others suggest
it's getting a revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

