

NEW DELHI: A RAM boost seem to be in the offing for Apple's next-generation
iPhones, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus . According to a report on Chinese website
DigiTimes, the the upcoming iPhones will sport 3GB RAM.The report, however, does
not clarify if both the models will have the increased RAM or only the larger (
iPhone 7 Plus) model.According to the report, the memory chip industry in Asia
is expected to see growth in 2016 as many next-generations smartphones including
iPhones are likely to see an increase in inbuilt-memory. "Increasing built-in
memory capacity at next-generation smartphones, including new iPhone devices,
will further ramp up demand for memory products in the third quarter, said
sources, noting that the mobile DRAM capacity of the next-generation iPhone is
expected to increase to 3GB from 2GB previously, while those for new Android
phones are expected to raise to 6GB from 4GB," says the report.The report
further adds that the move is expected to help the Dynamic Random Access Memory
(DRAM) industry further get back in shape. It also claims these RAM chips may be
costlier, leading to an increase in the costing of the final product.

The rise in price can also be due to the fact that so far the demand of these
memory chips is higher than the supply. Furthermore, the increase in SSD
technology used in laptops and PCs could also fuel up the demand of RAM memory
chips.Coming to the upcoming iPhones, there are also rumours that Apple may
launch three new iPhone models this September -- namely iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus
and iPhone 7 Pro. The 'Pro' version is supposed to come with dual camera setup.
Also, if the rumour mills are to be believed, the iPhone 7 will be offered in
Rose Gold, Champagne Gold, Silver and a new Space Black colour options. The new
colour variant replaces the Space Grey color option that was first introduced
with iPhone 5S.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

