

Apple fans, this September you may have to choose between not two but three new
iPhones (of course, those planning to buy the next iPhone). According to
rumours, courtesy a tipster on Chinese social networking website Weibo, Apple
will be launching a 'Pro' version of iPhone 7.First spotted by Pocketnow, the
rumoured iPhone 7 Pro will be premium version of the smartphone. It is said to
be $150 more expensive than the other two new models.This essentially means that
Apple will be launching iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro this
fall.However, there are no details available about what extra features that
iPhone 7 Pro may have. Rumours suggest that the model may come with dual-camera
set-up and wireless charging via smart connector (similar to the one in iPad
Pro).Some analysts are linking this to the three models that the company has for
its iPad tablets -- iPad mini, iPad Air and iPad Pro.Recently, a report in The
Wall Street Journal claimed that iPhone 7 is likely to sport the same design as
that of iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6s models.

The report, which cites 'people familiar with the matter', said that the
rumoured iPhone 7 will be arriving in two variants with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
displays. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s models too come in same screen sizes.The
major design change is expected to arrive in next year's iPhone model. Next year
would also mark the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone. Rumours suggest the
2017 iPhone to feature an edge-to-edge OLED display along with a fingerprint
sensor built over the display. The Home button is said to be completely removed,
said industry sources to the journal.The industry sources in the report add that
Apple's head of design Jony Ive's desire has been to shrink an iPhone to a
single sheet of glass. The 2017 iPhone design ideas are supposed to move the
smartphones in the same direction.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

