

The freshly unveiled iPhone 7 and 7 Plus handsets see Apple overhaul its onboard
cameras. The highest-end model, the iPhone 7 Plus, gets dual 12MP wide-angle and
telephoto cameras, with optical zoom at 2x and a 10x digital zoom.

Apple is out to hit hard with its iPhone 7 cameras, lining up its latest
handsets as references in the field of smartphone photography. The brand's
position as a cameraphone leader has waned over the last few years due to
technological progress from the likes of LG (which already released a
dual-camera handset with the G5) and Huawei (thanks to its partnership with
Leica). This time, Apple is out to impress with cameras offering particularly
high performances thanks to the image signal processor (ISP) built into the new
A10 Fusion chip. This claims to process over 100 billion operations on a single
photo to speed up and improve focusing and color quality.

Compared to the iPhone 6s, the iPhone 7 offers up to three times longer exposure
times. At its widest-angle setting, the sensor receives up to 50% more light and
four dedicated LEDs make the flash 50% brighter. This should make it easier to
take decent-quality photos in low light. The iPhone 7 rear-facing 12MP camera
can film high-res video in resolutions up to 4K (over eight million pixels) and
supports HD (1080p) slow-mo video. It has a 6x digital zoom.

The iPhone 7 Plus pairs the wide-angle camera from the iPhone 7 with a second
12MP telephoto camera. These work together to offer a 2x optical zoom and a 10x
digital zoom.

Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models have been treated to a new 7MP
front-facing camera for snapping sharp selfies with rich colors. This should
also improve image quality for FaceTime.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available to preorder from Friday, September 9,
2016, and are set to ship from September 16. Prices start at $649 for the iPhone
7 and $769 for the iPhone 7 Plus.
Check out the iPhone 7 in this video:Â youtu.be/Q6dsRpVyyWs

