

Click for image

Apple's iPhone 7 unveiling is just about two months away, and it still remains
to be seen if the device will offer any exciting new features. While some
sources from within the rumor mill have hinted that this year's iPhone refresh
cycle will be short on new bells and whistles, the optimists among us hope Apple
still has a trick or two up its sleeve come September.

In the meantime, iPhone users in the market for an upgrade can smile at the fact
that Apple with the iPhone 7 will finally be getting rid of its entry-level 16GB
iPhone model. While 16GB may have been more than sufficient back in the early
days of the smartphone era, it's decidedly lacking in today's age with 4K video,
high-resolution photos and an endless number of apps.

+ Also on Network World:Â iPhone 7 may come in three distinct models +

According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, the entry-level iPhone 7
model will feature 32GB of storage, a long-overdue improvement.

"The new iPhones are expected to have more storage for those photos," Joanna
Stern writes for the Journal. "Instead of 16GB as a starting point for the
entry-level iPhone, the new starting point will be 32GB, according to a person
familiar with Apple's iPhone plans."

That being the case, it stands to reason that Apple's mid-tier iPhone model will
sport 64GB of storage, while the upper tier model will come with 128GB of
storage. And while there have been rumblings that a 256GB model might make an
appearance, such rumors, for the time being, appear to be sketchy at best.

Aside from more storage, it's believed that the main selling point of Apple's
new iPhone models will be much improved cameras. Based on product leaks
circulating around the web, it seems as if the camera sensor on the iPhone 7
will be much larger than on the iPhone 6s. Additionally, leaks of a device
purporting to be the iPhone 7 Plus suggest that Apple's upper-echelon iPhone
model will include a dual-camera system that promises to deliver a huge leap
forward in photo quality.

Of course, the most controversial aspect of Apple's upcoming iPhone 7 centers on
the rumored removal of the device's 3.5mm headphone jack. Seeing as how the
headphone jack has quite literally been around for over 100 years, the move has
prompted a wave of debate and criticism. One can only hope that if Apple does
truly do away with the headphone jack, it has a superior alternative already
waiting in the wings.

