

NEW DELHI: As per several online reports, Cupertino-based Apple won't be
bringing in many changes to its upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However,
the company seems to be confident with the sales of the two smartphones as it
has reportedly hiked their production volume.Digitimes, a tech portal, citing
sources from iPhone's supply chain in Taiwan reported that the company has
ordered a 10% increase in parts and components for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus. Apple had originally expected the new iPhone shipments in 2016 to reach
only 60% as compared to that recorded last year.The website notes that iPhone 6s
shipments hit 30 million units a month on an average in the later half of 2015.
The company might have received a positive response for smartphones from
analysts because of which it is amplifying the their production.Apple will be
launching the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on Wednesday . The company is also
expected to unveil its next-gen Apple Watch.The upcoming iPhone 7 is said to be
powered by an A10 processor paired with a 2GB RAM, while the larger iPhone 7
Plus might feature a 4GB RAM running on the same processor with a higher clock
speed.

In all probability, Apple will ditch the 16GB internal storage variant and
introduce a larger 256GB one.The iPhone 7 is also expected to bear a 12MP rear
camera coupled with a 5MP front-facing snapper. An 8MP front sensor is also
feasible, taking into account the current selfie trend among youngsters. As far
as the iPhone 7 Plus is concerned, one can expect a 16MP rear camera. The
handset is also rumoured to sport dual camera lenses.Both devices will be
released with the iOS 10, announced at WWDC 2016 conference in June this year.
Rumours also strongly suggest the devices to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack and
instead come with Bluetooth headphones or headphones with lightning connector
support.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

