

NEW DELHI: While Apple is gearing up to launch its next iPhones in a couple of
months from now, the internet is full of rumours and leaks on them. After the
CAD images of the upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were leaked last month, a
recent report now confirms that Apple hasn't ditched the traditional analog
3.5mm headphone port.This means that iPhone buyers can continue using their
favourite headphones and will not have to buy a new Lightning or Bluetooth
headphone. Apple was earlier speculated to drop the 3.5mm audio port for its
iPhone 7 series and opt for Lightning port headphones.

Read also: 5 reasons why mobiles without 3.5mm headphone port is a bad idea
Chinese smartphone brand LeEco recently introduced its Le 2, Le 2 Pro and Le Max
2 featuring common USB Type-C port for both power and audio requirements. These
are the first smartphones to come without the standard 3.5mm audio port.With
only one socket (USB Type-C), smartphone users will have to choose between
charging their smartphones or listening to music via earphones. They cannot
listen to music while charging their smartphone's battery.Another leak suggests
that Apple might introduce a 256GB version of its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
The report also revealed that the next iPhone series might feature dual-sim
trays to support two sim cards.Leaked images also reveal a dual-camera setup, as
widely speculated earlier too, for the larger iPhone 7 Plus.KGI Securities
Ming-Chi Kuo, who has the best track record when it comes to Apple devices,
recently said in a research note that Apple will ship a dual-lens iSight camera
in all iPhone 7 Plus models.Kuo also predicts that iPhone 7 Plus will come with
3GB RAM, with Apple adding another gigabyte to the total RAM. However, iPhone 7
will come with 2GB RAM.According Chinese microblogging website Weibo, the
upcoming iPhones will also get a battery boost. The Weibo report, which also has
photos allegedly from the factory floor, show battery capacity of iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus as 1,735mAh and 2,810mAh respectively.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

