

For the first time, Apple is partnering with an Indian e-Commerce giant
Flipkart, for customers to pre-order and buy latest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
Pre-ordering will start from today at 23.59 hours (i.e 11.59 PM) on Flipkart.
You can check out their official Page here.

Though, customer have to pay the whole amount while pre-ordering, the device
will be directly sourced from Apple, instead of Apple partners. Obviously from
the end user perspective, it won't change anything.

Both new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus's 32GB version will start from Rs 60,000.

iPhone 7 with 128GB storage will have a price tag of Rs. 70,000, while the 256GB
storage variant will go up to Rs 80,000.

Similarly, iPhone 7 Plus with 32GB storage will come at Rs 72,000, for 128GB
version the price will go up to 82,000, and for 256GB storage at Rs 92,000.

And if you are wondering whether 16GB version will be available? Then the answer
is no. It will not be available. Apple has shuttered the 16GB and 64GB storage
models, at least for iPhone 7.

The new Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus comes with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina
HD display. Both supports 3D touch feature and has new quad-core Apple A10
Fusion processor clocked at 2.23GHz, which Apple claims to be 40% faster than
the earlier generation processor.

Both iPhones also have a new home button, which now has a taptic engine and
touch sensitivity for a quick response (remember Apple MacBook 2016's Force
touch trackpad). The iPhone 7 Plus also sports a dual 12MP cameras, one for
wide-angle and second for a telephoto lens.

Meanwhile, iPhone 7 have a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording, have a
f/1.8 aperture. Both has a 7MP FaceTime camera and are officially water and dust
resistant, having IP67 rating. The first Apple smartphones to have the official
rating.

Apple has released a wireless Earpods with the phone, called as AirPods, but
this package doesn't seem to have one. Flipkart's official page show an 'Earpods
with lightning connector' in the package.

Apple has introduced two new finishes on iPhone 7, Jet black, and matte black.
Jet Black, may prone to scratches, but has been termed Rose Gold of 2016.

Apple CEO Tim Cook recently said - "In the first three-quarters of this fiscal
year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51% year-on-year". Lets see if they can
keep the momentum with iPhone 7 sales as well.

