

NEW DELHI: Apple's upcoming iPhone 7 (and its alleged Plus and Pro variants) has
already been a subject of numerous rumours and leaks over the past few months.
The handset's purported features including dual camera setup, new antenna design
and other major specifications have been making the rounds online for quite some
time now. However, there is no word yet as to when Apple plans to launch the
devices.That's probably no longer the case, as popular tipster Evan Blass
(@evleaks) seems to have some lead about the release date of the Cupertino-based
company's next flagship.

A few days back, Blass had tweeted that the iPhone 7 would be hitting the
markets in the third week of September. Over the weekend, Blass posted a
follow-up tweet clarifying that the exact date the new iPhone(s) will hit the
market should be September 16."Just to clarify, this refers to the retail
release, not the launch event. To be even more specific, it should happen on
Friday, Sept. 16th." Based on the Apple's previous track record, there is
approximately a two-week gap between the iPhones' launch and the smartphones
actually being available in the stores. Going by that, the company might launch
the next iPhone(s) around September 2 and the launch invitations themselves
should arrive in mid-August. Another rumour suggests that the new iPhone might
be called iPhone 6SE instead of iPhone 7. However, these are nothing but
speculations.Recently, a couple of leaked images claiming to show the alleged
iPhone 7 Pro made their way on to the web. The images show iPhone 7, iPhone 7
Plus and the iPhone 7 Pro side-by-side, both from the front and the back. The
'Pro' version will likely pack a dual-camera setup at the back.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

