

Click for image

Apple might as well just give up on coming out with an iPhone 6S or iPhone 7
after that, uh, devastating quarterly report in which it beat analysts'
estimates, saw earnings rise 38% and boasted of market share gains - only to see
its stock price plummet. But let's assume they're going to keep plugging ahead.

Solar power to the rescue

In of the most breathless posts we've come across in some time, the Express out
of the UK reports that "The Apple iPhone 7 might NEVER need to be recharged"
(their CAPITALIZATION). The secret sauce will be sub-touchscreen solar power
technology, for which Apple just received a patent.

Though by the end of this brief post, the reporter is already tamping down our
expectations, noting that the patent is vague, that such technology is really
not very new and that you just might not want to toss that Lightning cable quite
yet.

MNR Daily also piled on this news bit, and is hopeful that the technology could
address battery life shortcomings in the iPhone and Apple Watch. Though does
note that even if solar charging isn't just around the corner, power-saving
advances will be available in iOS 9 for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus later this
year.

Speaking of the iPhone 6S...

Slashgear points to a Nowhereelse.fr post about front panels being readied for
the iPhone 6S, as evidence that Apple is definitely planning to introduce new
iPhones this fall. Except it does not that the panels are really the same size
as those of the iPhone 6, so the Nowhereelse.fr photos don't really prove much
of anything.

Back to the iPhone 7

Slashgear, citing an Apple patent filing, reports that the iPhone 7 could
actually look more like the iPhone 4 than the iPhone 6.

Today we're having a peek at the possibility that the iPhone 7 could return to
its slightly more retro "4" roots in look and feel. A refined look that worries
more about fashionability than it does about falling to the ground, breaking
into a million pieces. We're talking about glass on the back of this next iPhone
, not just sides that are (once again) flat.

The patent involves techniques for cutting into "a highly reflective and smooth
surface," presumably on an iPhone.

Latest iPhone 7 concept

Ivo Maric and Tomislay Rastovac dropped their slick iPhone 7 concept design onto
the Internet this week via YouTube, showing off a metal frame, smooth sapphire
glass, 16mp camera, syncing via a new "Apple Dock" and wireless charging
capabilities.

BGR sees the concept as borrowing from both the old iPhone 4 and the new Samsung
Galaxy S6.

