

Apple has scrapped its longstanding free-of-charge return policy in Hong Kong
and Macao, in a sign of the tech giant's determination to deter scalpers from
making a quick buck on its newly launched handsets.

Apple had previously allowed customers in Hong Kong and Macao to return the
undamaged products for free, with the original receipt and packaging, within 14
days of the pick-up date.

However, buyers will now be charged a 25-percent "open box fee" when returning
their opened Apple or Beats products, and a 15-percent "restocking fee" for
closed-box returns. A tailor-made return policy, in particular, has been
introduced for purchases of more than four products from the same category.

The new policy was released on Apple's website on the same day iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus hit stores in Hong Kong and Macao, where the lucrative scalping
business has become commonplace and distorted the markets with the launch of
every iPhone model over the past few years.

The exact reason behind the policy change, and whether it is a temporary move
until supplies of the highly sought-after iPhone 7 models return to a normal
level, remains unclear at the moment. It is believed the decision has much to do
with the thriving re-sale market in the territories, where an iPhone 7 Plus can
easily be resold at the moment at a 100-percent premium.

Hong Kong resident Thomas Li picked up his pre-ordered jet black 128G iPhone 7
Plus at the Apple Store in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on Sunday. Having gotten his
hands on the new iPhone model, which normally retails for HK$7,388 ($952), for a
few minutes, he just as quickly sold it to a scalper waiting a few feet outside
the Apple Store for HK$15,000.

Merchants at Sin Tat Plaza, Hong Kong's so-called iPhone exchange which
determines the gray market's price for the newly launched iPhone models, quoted
a price of up to HK$21,000 for a jet black 256G iPhone 7 Plus and HK$15,000 for
a jet black 128G iPhone 7 Plus.

A 32G iPhone 7 Plus in gold or rose gold can be sold at a premium of more than
HK$1,000 and the same-colored 128G model can be sold for HK$1,500 more than the
official retail price.

Due to the lack to import taxes and duties, smuggling the latest iPhone models
from Hong Kong into the mainland can be rather profitable, even though the
mainland was selected in the first batch of markets for the launch of the iPhone
7.

Online preordering for the newly released iPhones kicked off on Sept 9 in the
mainland. But many Apple enthusiasts complained about the difficulty of getting
their hands on the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7. It is
unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply.

Apple, which saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China in the quarter ended in
June, pins its hope on the new iPhones to regain its business momentum in the
country where domestic brands such as Huawei and Oppo have seen a surge in
shipments.

Meng Jing contributed to this story

sophia@chinadailyhk.com

An employee shows a customer the new iPhone 7 during the opening day of sales at
an Apple store in Hong Kong on Friday.AFP

(China Daily USA 09/20/2016 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/84/147436470434.jpg

00221917e13e194ac90101.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/50/147436470753.jpg

00221917e13e194ac92502.jpg

