

Think of Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference this week as a giant tea cup,
drained to the dregs of loose leaf teaand the entire iOSphere leaning-in to read
the soggy remains and figure out what the heck is happening with iPhone 6.

In the WWDC aftermath, it's clear that CEO Tim Cook has been successful in his
pledge to "double down on secrecy." The iOSphere is reading the WWDC tea leaves
for the future iPhone plans. But no one seems to know any more about them today
than we knew following the announcement of iPhone 5 in October 2012.

[RELATED: 10 takeaways from Apple's WWDC] [MORE: 14 manliest high-tech Father's
Day gifts] This week: iOS 7 gives clues and cues about the Next iPhones, though
the details are actually kind of hazy. Quite hazy, actually.

Also there is no iPhone 5S. Just accept that. And the Next iPhone will have
ginormous screens. Unless that's a fabrication or a typo.

You read it here second.

___________"I can't help but think that Cook, Ive, and the rest of the Apple
team won't be able to resist matching the biggest change in iOS since its
launch, with a big iPhone hardware change too."~ Vincent Nguyen, Slashgear,
explaining his reasoning on why the Next iPhone will be a Big Change.__________
iPhone 6 features revealed or at least hinted at in iOS 7...kind of Since there
were no iPhone announcements at WWDC, the iOSphere "analyzed" iOS 7 to discover
clues, cues, hints, indications, intimations, suggestions or traces that point
to the next iPhones.

It was a mixed bag.

Slashgear started off promisingly, with the headline "iOS 7 and the rebirth of
iPhone," a post by Vincent Nguyen. "[A]lready I'm confident that iOS 7 will
bring me back over from Android, not to mention open the door to some hardware
surprises later in the year," he writes.

What might those surprises be, and how might they be the rebirth of the iPhone?
Oddly, Nguyen never actually says.

"What I'm left expecting, though, is something equally pivotal to run it on," he
writes. "The current thinking is that Apple's next smartphone will be the iPhone
5S, a more subtle update to the existing phone, with a significant refresh
[considered to be iPhone 6] waiting until 2014. I can't help but think that
Cook, Ive, and the rest of the Apple team won't be able to resist matching the
biggest change in iOS since its launch, with a big iPhone hardware change too."

What could this big iPhone hardware change be? Probably not a bigger screen,
Nguyen says, surprisingly. "The display is still likely to be a 4-inch Retina
panel, since that satisfies that all-important one-handed use issue...."

His best guess? The phone will, somehow, be inspired by the new Mac Pro. "I'd
guess at a form-factor that borrows cues from the other eye-catching part of the
WWDC keynote, the new Mac Pro," Nguyen reasons. "That, with its crisply
minimalistic polished aluminum enclosure, is the new pinnacle of Apple's design
ethos, and would be a great starting point to build the new iPhone from."

We're not exactly sure what he means by this. The iPhone 5 already has a pretty
crisply minimalistic aluminum enclosure. And the photo with his post shows only
the interior of the Mac Pro, with its vaguely steampunkish aesthetic, rather
than the smooth, polished aluminum shell that covers it.

"Which phone works most effectively for me; which implements its features in
ways that look and operate the most successfully," Nguyen wonders. "Already, I'm
seeing a whole lot to iOS 7 that signals it will deliver on that." But, again,
he never really explains what the "whole lot" is that he's seeing.

GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith seems convinced that iOS 7 shows or at least "hints"
that the Next Big Thing in the Next iPhone is precisely what Nguyen discounts: a
bigger screen. He makes his case in his post, "iPhone 6 Hints From iOS 7" but
especially in his companion 3:47-minute YouTube video, which neatly shows some
of the new features in the iOS 7 beta installed on his iPhone 5.

Here's his main assumption: iOS 7 lets you swipe, from wider areas onscreen, to
do more tasks "and the swipes are not limited to small touch points." Therefore,
as he says, "All of these small changes make it easier to use a larger display
iPhone 6 with one hand because there is not a need to reach to a corner or hit
small touch points."

He also argues that the "improved landscape support" in iOS 7, meaning when you
hold the phone horizontally, is "a small step towards better support for
landscape on the [future, bigger-screened] iPhone. The iPad and iPad mini offer
landscape support throughout and it is a big part of how many use those
devices."

"Why are we talking about an iPhone 6 with a larger display already?" he asks.
Good question. The not-very-good answer: "Well, rumors point to an iPhone 6 in
2014 that includes a larger display."

This seems kind of like the "if all you have is a hammer, then everything looks
like a nail" idea. The problem with the iPhone, according to one group of
critics, is that increasing the screen to 4.0 inches means it's still small
compared to 5.0 or 5.5 or 6.0 or even 4.8. So Apple must release a larger-screen
phone; and therefore the UI changes in iOS 7 have been made for that purpose.

iPhone 5S doesn't exist so plan on the iPhone 6 The irrepressible Will Stabley,
founder of StableyTimes, was one of the very very few in the iOSphere who could
discern what WWDC truly revealed about the Next iPhone.

His post, "iPhone 6: six things Apple, Tim Cook, and iOS 7 just told us about
it," is a model of decisiveness: "There is no iPhone 5S."

One of the six things is "What it looks like." Stabley: "During the iOS 7 demos
Apple included the image to the left, which looks unlike any current or past
iPhone. Either it's the iPhone 6 or Apple has now taken to using meaningless
stub graphics of imaginary Apple devices in its keynote presentations. There is
no iPhone 5S: Apple didn't completely redesign iOS just to have it run on the
same old hardware, so look for the iPhone 6 to directly follow the iPhone 5."

You didn't realize that the "S" in 5S stood for "same old hardware."

He also discovered "When the iPhone 6 is arriving." His reasoning goes like
this: "Apple says iOS 7 is arriving in the fall, which according to the 2013
calendar means anywhere from September 22nd to December 20th. That's right, the
technical definition of fall is a bit skewed from what most people commonly
consider it to be. But Apple has never launched a new iPhone later than mid
October. [Apple has announced exactly two of six iPhones in the fall, Oct. 2011,
Sept. 2012.] In other words, look for the iPhone 6 in September. Unless "fall"
was a worst case scenario estimate in case iOS 7 beta testing progresses slowly,
in which case an August release may not be out of the question. But what Apple
really told us is that it doesn't precisely know when it'll launch the iPhone
6."

Not only do we not know when the iPhone 6 is arriving, but no one at Apple does
either.

iPhone 6 will have bigger screen(s) A very carefully worded Reuters story is,
despite that care, already being widely misinterpreted as saying that Apple is
set to announce two new iPhones, one with a 4.7-inch screen and one with a
5.7-inch screen.

The Reuters headline is strikingly odd: "Apple looking at bigger iPhone screens,
multiple colors - sources." It's odd because most headlines don't feature
"sources." It's as if Reuters is assuring readers "we got more than one person
talking to us about this! It's not a rumor! Trust us!"

There are four sources, in fact: "people with knowledge of the matter" who
shared that knowledge with Reuters reporters Clare Jim, Reiji Murai and Poornima
Gupta.

Here's the opening: "Apple Inc is exploring launching iPhones with bigger
screens, as well as cheaper models in a range of colors, over the next year,
said four people with knowledge of the matter, as it takes a cue from rival
Samsung Electronics."

A bit later, it adds this: "Apple is looking at introducing at least two bigger
iPhones next year - one with a 4.7-inch screen and one with a 5.7-inch screen -
said the sources, including those in the supply chain in Asia. They said
suppliers have been approached with plans for the larger screens, but noted it
is still unclear whether Apple will actually launch its flagship product in the
larger sizes."

[In the first of two posts on this story, with no links to it or even mentioning
Reuters, Will Stabley of the eponymous StableyTimes ("a new kind of news"),
claims this is pure rumor mongering: "So when this morning's rumor dropped that
the iPhone 6 will be an ungodly five and three quarter inches large, instead of
recognizing it for the fabrication of typo [apparently intended as "fabrication
or typo"] that it is, the industry is attempting to match up the '5.7 inch
iPhone 6' claim with their imaginary multi-billion dollar phablet market." In
March Samsung announced the ungodly 6.3-inch Galaxy Mega.] The key words in the
two Reuters paragraphs above are "exploring" and "looking at." It's almost a
certainty that Apple has been exploring and looking at different screen sizes
for the iPhone (and iPad) for years, because it takes years for complex
electronics products to be designed, tested, redesigned, finalized, and
manufactured, marketed, distributed and sold at scale.

At bottom, the Reuters story describes not the next iPhone or even next year's
iPhone, but the process through which Apple develops the iPhone, by working with
an intricate network of suppliers and other partners. The story itself alludes
to this: "'They [Apple] constantly change product specifications almost to the
final moment, so you're not really sure whether this is the final prototype,'
said one person with direct knowledge of the matter."

As the Reuters story notes, Apple CEO Tim Cook was asked during an interview at
May's AllThingsD conference "why Apple hasn't launched different sized iPhones."
His reply: "We haven't so far. That doesn't shut off the future."

Of course it doesn't. That reply actually says far more than it first seems to.
Asymco's Horace Dediu offered his interpretation of Cook's full set of remarks
on this subject.

One of Dediu's points is this: "The [extended] iPhone portfolio may still
arrive. It hasn't so far because the cost/benefit is not there for Apple. On one
hand it would take a great deal more sourcing effort and risk while dealing with
constraints in production. On the other it would not offer meaningful additions
to the customer base. At least so far. The economics and the demand may change
(or have changed) and the time will come for a broader portfolio."

A cost/benefit analysis is a moving target, because the economics involved and
demand are constantly changing. Apple is paying attention to these changes, and
to its markets. It's clear that so far - up to the release of the iPhone 5 -
Apple's analysis of the cost/benefit is dramatically different from that of much
of the iOSphere.

How might that portfolio extension be made? As Dediu interprets Cook, "changing
screen size is one dimension but it has to be balanced by performance gains that
don't detract from other dimensions. Engineering is all about compromise and
consumers pay Apple to make these compromises in an intelligent way. Apple does
not come to an answer to the question of balance by launching many products and
seeing what works. It cannot afford to dilute its brand with a long list of
failures. Other brands may not be affected by trial-and-error approaches to the
market but they are discounted by the customer accordingly."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



