

Apple has accidentally leaked the iPhone 7 on its new Twitter account, just
minutes before the event kicked off in San Francisco.

The company tweeted two videos, one showing water splashing onto the new device
and one showing the device rotating slowly, revealing dual stereo speakers and
NO headphone jack.

The tweets were quickly deleted but appeared to show that the iPhone 7 will be
waterproof and have stereo speakers rather than an iPhone socket - confirming
two of the biggest rumours ahead of the launch.

iPhone 7 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 trailer and Pokemon Go app unveiled, Super
Mario Run coming to the app store

Apple has live blogged its own events in the past, with pictures and text
appearing below the live stream on its website.

However, the company has always steered clear of social networks as a general
rule.

Apple broke with tradition earlier this year and launched a customer support
account on Twitter, offering "tips and tutorials" on Apple products.

Amazon also accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one hour
before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

Amazon has just accidentally lifted the lid on Apple's upcoming smartphone one
hour before the company's iPhone 7 launch event by revealing the phone in a
specialised page dedicated to iPhone 7 accessories.

The image includes an iPhone with the rumored dual back-facing camera alongside
a link for Bluetooth headphones, which likely confirms the long rumored removal
of the headphone jack in the upcoming handset.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Apple Watch 2 unveiled, Super Mario Run
coming to the app store

From what we can see, the phone featured in the page looks very similar the
iPhone 6, except for the dual cameras. The phone will reportedly have four LED
flash lights - two in cool colours, and two in warm colours - and an ambient
light sensor.

