

Apple are hosting an announcement on September 7, which means one thing - a new
iPhone model is on the way.

The tech giant are expected to give an official reveal for the long-rumoured
iPhone 7 at the presentation - potentially along with a new Apple Watch.

It's two years since the iPhone 6 was unveiled, with the iPhone 6S adding a few
extra features upon its 2015 launch, and the new unit is likely to bring several
significant changes to Apple's flagship smartphone.

Here's what the rumours are saying about the new phone so far.

Read more

The best iPhone apps in the world, according to Apple

1) It might drop the headphone jack

This would be a controversial move - but it's something that's been in the
pipeline for a while.

Insiders say that Apple are keen to drop the headphone input on the iPhone, as
the size of the jack means they currently can't make their phones any thinner.

If the headphone jack is indeed taken away, users will either connect wireless
headphones via Bluetooth, or plug their cans into the lightning port.

2) It could have a curved-edge design

The Samsung Galaxy remains iPhone's biggest rival - and its top-of-the-line unit
features beautiful curved edges with a screen that extends along them.

It's expected that Apple will try to maximise their screen space, and could
either implement a similar curved design, or at least have a screen that goes
right to the edge of the handset.

3) It will probably be out on September 16

The iPhone 7 announcement is due on September 7, and the units usually go on
sale very shortly after - often on a Friday.

According to mobile expert Evan Blass, the upgrade will be available to Apple
fanatics on September 16.

Just to clarify, this refers to the retail release, not the launch event. To be
even more specific, it should happen on Friday, Sept. 16th.

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) July 23, 2016

4) It could be better value

As anyone who bought a 16GB iPhone 6 will know, it's really not enough space to
keep all of your favourite photos, music, podcasts, and apps.

Those who have spent the last few months constantly deleting data to free up
space will be pleased to hear that the base unit of the iPhone 7 is expected to
include 32GB of hard drive space - but with a price that will match the 16GB
entry point from around Â£539.

Read more

How to free up space on your iPhone without deleting your apps

Frank Ocean releases brand new visual album Endless on Apple Music

Apple iPhone 5C 'blew up and burned me'

5) The camera could have a dual-lens

There's plenty of speculation over exactly how Apple will upgrade the already
impressive iPhone camera - but the biggest rumour surrounds the idea of a
dual-lens.

Leaked images appear to show two camera lenses on the back of the unit, which
will allow for even crisper and sharper snaps.

Dual lenses could be a game changer for the next iPhone 7 camera according to
this leaked image. #iPhone7#Applepic.twitter.com/6NVCNHodOs

- Duct Tape Workshop (@ducttapews) August 23, 2016

6) It might be waterproof(ish)

Fed up of keeping a bag of rice nearby just in case you drop your iPhone in a
puddle - or worse?

Since the last iPhone release, Samsung have been boasting in adverts about their
water-resistant S7 - a feature Apple will surely want to replicate.

Idea: they could have Frank Ocean fans crying onto a waterproof IPhone 7 as part
of the R&B singer's Apple exclusivity period.

7) It will feature a more powerful processor

A new iPhone means a new processing chip - and the iPhone 7 should include an
all-new A10. The standard unit should have a 1960 mAh battery (an improvement on
the 6S' 1715 mAh), while the iPhone 7 Plus is likely to boast 3GB of RAM.

