

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in India starting October 7,
with prices starting at 60,000. The new phones use the Lightning port for
earphones, while the larger iPhone 7 Plus also sports a second telephoto camera

Apple's latest smartphones - iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - will be available in
India from October 7 at a starting price of Rs 60,000, the US-based technology
giant has said, while for the first time confirming the India pricing of the
gadgets at the launch event itself.

The highly-anticipated new iPhones with advancements such as stereo speakers,
water and dust resistance technology, and wireless headphones were launched by
Apple CEO Tim Cook at in San Francisco on Wednesday night.

As widely speculated, Apple also introduced AirPods, wireless headphones for the
new phone. In addition, Apple has eliminated the standard headphone jack; wired
earphones will now connect to the phone's Lightning port, which is also used for
charging.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries
beginning September 16 and the products will be available in India beginning
October 7.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7 inch display, will start at $649, while the 5.5 inch
iPhone7 Plus will cost $769 and up. The models will be available in silver,
gold, rose gold and black in 32 GB, 128 GB and 256 GB configurations. A new jet
black finish will only be available in 128 GB and 256 GB options.

The starting price for the iPhone 7 in India is Rs 60,000 for the 32 GB iPhone
model in India.

Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing Philip Schiller said Apple
has inculcated the advanced A10 Fusion chip in the new phones, "the most
powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever in
an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system provides twice the sound,
all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone".

The phones will also have an improved home button that lets users perform
different tasks by varying how hard they press it, the company said.

Apple has also introduced the next generation of its smartwatch, called Apple
Watch Series 2, which has been equipped with fitness and health capabilities
including a water resistance 50 meter rating for swimming, built-in GPS, dual-
core processor.

The company also announced a tie-up with sports giant Nike for its watches and
the Apple Watch Nike+ will be available to order beginning September 9, with
availability in late October for India.

In India, the Apple Watch Nike+ will be available in 38 mm size at Rs 32,900,
and in 42mm at Rs 34,900.

The new phones will come with the earpods with Lightning connector as well as a
3.5 mm headphone jack adaptor that will allow customers to use old headphones
and accessories.

Apple said AirPods, which can be synced with various Apple devices, will
eliminate the hassles of normal headphones and its "advanced sensors know when
you are listening and automatically play and pause your music".

AirPods will include a charging case and will be available for Rs 15,400 in late
October.

The new iPhones comes with a 12-megapixel camera which includes optical image
stabilisation, a larger aperture and 6-element lens.

The iPhone 7 Plus also packs a second 12-megapixel telephoto camera at the back.
The two cameras combine to offer 2x optical zoom and up to 10x digital zoom for
photos.

For selfies, the iPhone 7 now comes with a 7- megapixel FaceTime HD camera.

Apple also announced launch of the latest version of its operating system,
calling iOS 10 the "biggest release ever of the world's most advanced mobile
operating system".

The new phones will come with iOS 10, which introduces an update to Messages,
the ability for its virtual assistant Siri to do more by working with apps, and
new ways to interact with redesigned apps.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

