

by Staff Reporter Ooredoo has started pre-registration for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
plus online through its eShop from September 30.


Muscat: Ooredoo has started pre-registration for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus
online through its eShop from September 30.

The telecom provider is offering 32GB, 128GB and 256 GB models of iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 plus in black, jet black, silver, gold and rose gold colours.



The Ooredoo website states: "Register your interest for the iPhone 7 now and
stay up to date with all the updates."

Apple unveiled its new water-resistant iPhone 7 with high-resolution dual-lens
cameras at its fall product event on September 7 and said a Super Mario game was
coming to the new phone and Pokemon Go would feature on its upgraded Apple
Watch.

However, Apple fans in the country have reported mixed reactions to the launch
of the iPhone7, even as they anticipate the product's official launch in Oman.

Despite the phone not being officially launched in the country, Apple product
admirers in Oman rushed to stores on the first day of the release to buy the
latest handset.

Some were able to buy it because of availability in the grey market, however,
many chose to purchase it from the official Apple store in the United Arab
Emirates (UAE) or elsewhere abroad in case they were travelling.

As the phone has not been officially launched in the country, prices vary from
one store to another.

An Apple fan had told the Times of Oman that although he has not purchased the
phone yet; he intends to buy it from Dubai as prices in Oman are much higher, "I
got a quote for OMR500 from a store in Qurum for the iPhone7 with a 256GB
memory, which I can buy for AED3,399 or OMR356 from the official Apple store in
Dubai."

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are splash, water, and dust resistant and were tested
under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP67 under IEC standard
60529.

Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016

http://imgs.syndigate.info/42/89/57/147534495386.jpg

Ooredoo has started pre-registration for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus online
through its eShop from September 30.

