

New iPhone 7 details have emerged just days before Apple's big event in San
Francisco on September 7, where the company is widely expected to unveil its
next flagship smartphone.

The details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who
issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for
photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the iPhone
6s .

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and issues recall after reports
of EXPLODING batteries

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical
zoom and light field camera applications.

The research note, seen by  AppleInsider  ,  also contains a few other juicy
tidbits.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

It will also be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up to 30 minutes - a
rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

To accommodate this waterproofing, it will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

The iPhone 7 will come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options , eliminating
both the 16GB and 64GB tiers, according to Kuo.

It will feature the same "True Tone" display technology the company unveiled
earlier this year on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro , and will come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Finally, Kuo reiterated the rumour that Apple will remove the 3.5mm headphone
jack . The iPhone 7 will reportedly ship with both Lightning EarPods and a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter in the box.

iPhone 7 to ship with wireless 'AirPod' earphones - as headphone jack looks
certain for the axe

The change has supposedly be made to make space for a second speaker with an
audio amplifier.

Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
September 7. For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

