

NEW DELHI: As is the case every year, Apple didn't reveal the battery capacities
of its recently announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. However, the
two handsets have been listed on Chinese certification website Tenaa.
Consequently, information about their battery capacities is now
available.According to the listing, the iPhone 7 Plus offers a 2,900mAh battery.

This is slightly more than the 2,750mAh battery found in the iPhone 6s Plus. On
the other hand, the smaller iPhone 7 has a 1,960mAh battery. This is again, a
little more than the iPhone 6s' 1,715mAh cell. That said, Apple has not
officially confirmed the battery specifications.During the launch event, Apple
claimed that the batteries in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus provide these
devices the longest battery backup among all the iPhones ever launched. In terms
of hours, the company said that the iPhone 7 has 2-3 hours of more battery
backup and the iPhone 7 Plus has about an hour of extra battery life, as
compared to their respective predecessors.It is worth noting that Apple has
never revealed the RAM capacity of its iPhone smartphones either, including the
new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. However, benchmarking website GeekBench and
certification portal Tenaa claimed to have outed the RAM capacity of the iPhone
7 Plus. According to the websites, the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus has a 3GB of
RAM.The new iPhones are set to go on sale in India from October 7, 2016. As per
the company, the price for the new smartphones will start at Rs 60,000 .Both
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in Silver, Gold, Rose Gold and
Black colour options. They are available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage
variants. However, the new Jet Black colour will be only available in devices
that have 128GB and 256GB storage. New EarPods (using Lightning connector) and a
Lightning-to-3.5mm adapter will be included with the new iPhones. These can also
be purchased separately for Rs 2,500 and Rs 900 respectively. At the launch
event, Apple also launched its new wireless AirPods. The price for these starts
at Rs 15,400 and they come bundled with a charging-cum-storage case.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

