

Despite all the excitement for the iPhone 7 - there's plenty of people who
weren't quite so thrilled with some of its features.

With its waterproof casing, a fancy new camera and a few new colours, there's a
lot to love. But some of the developments (headphone socket, we're looking at
you) have left a bad taste in some people's mouths.

We've rounded up the seven most annoying things about the new iPhone - but
you'll probably still want to buy it anyway

No matter how you try and sell it to us - the lack of headphone socket on the
iPhone is going to be annoying for quite some time.

Apple has a history of innovation and forcing the market to change - and there's
no doubt that in a few years most phones won't have an analogue headphone jack.

Apple unveils water-resistant iPhone and new watch

But in the meantime, early adopters will have to put up with the nuisance of
having to use lightning-only headphones.

And God help you if you then want to listen to something directly from your
laptop - you'll have to remember to bring your headphone adaptor. Which you'll
most definitely lose within a week.

Despite the fact you get a pair of lightning-connected headphones in the box -
Apple are hoping some of you have deep enough pockets to fork out Â£159 for what
can only be described as the world's most-easy-to-lose headphones.

The Bluetooth powered earbuds come with an equally miniscule charging box which
is just asking to be lost and never seen again.

The other major problem with the airpods is that they look almost like a pair of
hearing aids.

One of the rumours that circulated around the launch of the new iPhone 7 was
that a 'metallic blue' colour would be announced.

Images showed a beautiful blue handset that would be perfect for Everton fans -
or if you just like the colour blue.

Instead, we were only given two new colours - and one of them is super
expensive.

Two new colours launched for the iPhone 7 - 'black' which will be matte and 'jet
black' which will be glossy.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch - Everything we learned from San Francisco

But - before you get too excited - you should understand that you can only get
the jet black (the one EVERYONE will want) in the expensive 128gb and 256gb
models, not the standard 32gb.

That means you'll be stuck choosing from silver, space grey, gold, rose gold or
regular old black.

The back of the iPhone 7 looks slightly different to the iPhone 6s - but lets
face it, after forking out a few hundred quid on a phone, it will probably be in
a case anyway.

From the front it will be hard to tell the difference between the iPhone 7 and
the 6s, and when you're spending all that money, it would be quite nice to see a
major change.

One of the rumours that circulated was that the home button would be removed,
and built into the front of the phone similar to the Macbook Pro - but this
didn't surface.

Another rumour which came through was the iPhone 7's dual-camera... except Apple
has only installed it on the more expensive iPhone 7 plus.

Apple ordered to pay Ireland 13 billion euros after EU ruling on tax deal

The fancy camera technology will allow users to take photos with a deep
depth-of-field, meaning the subject is in sharp focus and the background has an
artistic blur - something you can only usually achieve with a DSLR.

However, those of you who don't want a phone the size of a tablet will be
disappointed as the feature won't be coming to the standard iPhone 7 model.
FAIL.

One of the biggest gripes iPhone users have is the battery.

While Apple has made some progress - claiming the iPhone 7's battery can last up
to two hours longer than the iPhone 6s, it means you'll probably still have to
bring a charger to work with you.

Even worse - if you shell out for the iPhone 7 plus, you only get an addition
one hour's battery life so it looks like you'll be stuck with your external
battery charging case for a while longer.

