

"Check it out guys, people are shopping for Apple products during Puja," one of
a group of four men who had marched into Quest mall on Sashthi evening for
clothes and grub said. "No, no... today's iPhone 7 launch," said another.

"What???" said the man who had started the conversation. Their eyes were on the
100-odd people who had queued up outside Imagine. Metro was present in the mall
and at M-Touch on Elgin Road when the clock struck seven and the doors of the
stores opened to applause and people rushed in. None stopped to look at other
Apple products at Imagine. It was a dash for the billing desk. "Apple is Apple.
We have been booking iPhone 7 for days now. The only standard we compete with is
the standard set by us. So, we are competing with ourselves and not with any
other company,"

Ankit Chordia, tech commercial head of Imagine, said. He also had to deal with
customers visiting his three other Imagine stores across the city

The first customer

Ashis Banerjee, 38, from Burdwan's Katwa

* Occupation: Works with a bank

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 Plus (128GB matte black)

* I am a diehard Apple fan and have used the iPhone 5 in the past. It's an
exceptional phone with a great camera and it comes with a powerful processor.
This is a gift to myself. I had watched the livestream of the iPhone 7's launch
in San Francisco (September 7). Between new clothes and a new iPhone, I will
always choose the latter."

Yash Kansal, 13, from central Calcutta

* Student of: Birla High School, Class VIII

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 Plus (128GB matte black)

* This is a gift from my cousin Awaish, 25, (he is in the construction business)
as this is the festive season and my birthday is round the corner. The Apple
ecosystem is brilliant; every Apple product interacts with one another. And the
camera is top-quality. The first thing I will do is take a selfie and show it to
my friends!"

Partha Pratim Saha, 34, from Dum Dum

* Occupation: Businessman

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 (128GB matte black)

* For me it's an upgrade from iPhone 4S. My wife uses iPhone 6S and I thought it
was time for an upgrade. Apple phones are user-friendly and I am looking forward
to buying the AirPods (wireless headphones, which will be available soon). I now
want to take a few Puja pictures with my new phone."

Amrit Keshan, 23, from Bhowanipore

* Occupation: Businessman

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 (32GB matte black)

* The iPhone is now a part of me. One of the features I am hooked to is
FaceTime. When my MacBook and iPhone are using the same Wi-Fi connection, I can
do FaceTime on the MacBook screen and the experience is awesome."

Akshay Agarwal, 26, from New Alipore

* Occupation: Businessman

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 Plus (128GB jet black)

* I am very excited about the phone. New features such as dual camera and the
IP67 rating, which means it is water resistant up to one metre for 30 minutes,
are a big draw. This is my fourth iPhone."

Sourav Agarwala, 19, from Lake Town

* Student of: St. Xavier's College, BCom, 2nd year

* Snapped up: iPhone 7 (32GB matte black)

* This is my first Apple product. I was jittery about switching from Android to
iPhone but the sync happened without much ado. The phone is very user-friendly.
I also love the camera."

