

Click for image

Even though Apple last quarter generated $50.6 billion in revenue and $10.5
billion in profits last quarter (more thanÂ Google, Microsoft and Facebook
combined), analysts came away disappointed. Specifically, analysts expressed
concern regarding falling iPhone sales. In fact, this quarter marked the first
time in history that Apple experienced a year over year drop in iPhone sales.

For the quarter gone by, Apple sold 51.1 million iPhones compared to 61.7
million iPhones during the same quarter a year-ago. With many now worried that
we've perhaps reached 'peak iPhone', Apple is now feeling a lot of pressure to
really deliver with the iPhone 7. Further, because 'S' cycle refreshes typically
focus on internal upgrades and thus don't generate as much excitement, Barclays
analyst Mark Moskowitz believes that Apple might do away with the iPhone 7s
altogether. Instead, the iPhone 7 may swiftly be followed by the iPhone 8 in
2017.

MacRumors reports:

Citing industry sources, Moskowitz says the Cupertino company won't debut a
spec-bumped, internally upgraded "iPhone 7s" in 2017, but a completely
overhauled "iPhone 8" with "major design changes" and new, next-generation
features like wireless charging.

This certainly makes sense from both a marketing and business perspective. One,
numbered iPhone upgrades always perform better than 'S' cycle upgrades. That
being the case, why wouldn't Apple just abandon its 'S' naming scheme
altogether? Second, if the iPhone 8 is truly a significant upgrade, the
marketing almost writes itself: Our new iPhone is so amazing we've decided that
it's worthy of being called the iPhone 8.

Indeed, rumors surrounding Apple's 2017 iPhone (perhaps to be called the iPhone
8) are already in heavy supply. Specifically, we've seen a number of reports
indicating that Apple's 2017 iPhone will sport a curved OLED display. On top of
that, some more speculative reports claim that such a device will feature a home
button embedded right into the display.

Consequently, Moskowitz believes that the current decline in iPhone sales may
simply be a short-lived phenomenon that Apple will soon be able to move past.

Moskowitz's report reads in part:

Silver lining - there might be no "S" cycle in C2017. Our conversations with
industry participants suggest Apple could skip the "S" cycle next year and
instead jump to IP8. The jump could showcase major form factor changes,
including OLED, no home button, and wireless charging. In our view, these
potential changes could drive a mega cycle, underpinning our C2017 iPhone unit
growth estimate of 10.3%, vs. 6.3% previously.

As for the upcoming iPhone 7 which will presumably be showcased this coming
September, recent leaks suggest that it will largely look exactly like the
iPhone 6s, albeit a bit thinner. Of course, the most intriguing rumor
surrounding the iPhone 7 is that it will ship without a traditional 3.5mm
headphone jack. Instead, audio-out will reportedly be handled by the iPhone's
Lightning port. Some other features rumored to be planned for the iPhone 7
include a bigger battery, a dual camera system (only on the 5.5-inch model),
more storage, a speedy A10 processor, and last but not least, a water and
dust-proof design.

