

For those of you without the patience to sit through a whole Apple event -
here's the whole iPhone 7 launch in just 120 seconds.

It includes pretty much everything you need to know from the big show, from
demonstrating the new wireless earphones to the latest Apple watch.

Apple officially announced the iPhone 7 Plus tonight, its first smartphone to
offer dual camera technology with telephoto capabilities for a 2X optical zoom.

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco, the
new iPhone doesn't look too dissimilar to the last year's iPhone 6S Plus device.

It sports the same aluminium design, rounded edges but this time without the
iconic antenna lines and a high-gloss finish.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

But the key feature in the iPhone 7 Plus is that, as expected, it is the first
to offer a dual lens camera.

That means there's now two 12MP cameras built in to the device; one has the wide
angle 12MP lens while the other is a telephoto lens.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

This means users can create a zoom feature, via the camera app as before, but
now witha new 1X button above the shutter.

With this button you can just tap it and the photo jumps to a 2X optical zoom.

You can put your finger on to drag across to zoom from 1x to 10x, with much
better zoom quality than seen on the iPhone 6S.

Apple's new waterproof iPhone 7 launched with new home button, updated camera
and new 'jet black' colour

"The 12-megapixel camera includes optical image stabilisation and a larger f/1.8
aperture and 6-element lens enabling brighter, more detailed photos and videos,
and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colors with more detail," an
Apple spokesman said.

"The iPhone 7 Plus' dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new depth-of-field
effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images, while
sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only with DSLR
cameras."

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?

There's no audio port on the iPhone 7 Plus, so users will need to connect their
earbuds either over Bluetooth or via the device's lightning connection.

Apple unveiled its new wireless earpods, which connect wireless to the iPhone or
Apple Watch automatically with one tap.

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8

Another one of the iPhone 7 Plus' most exciting feature is the iPhone's new
enclosure which is both water and dust resistant thanks to 'IP67 protection
standard' meaning it will be safe from water or dust if "the worst happens".

As for the display, Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus 's Retina HD display 25%
brighter than on the iPhone 6S Plus, while retaining the 3D Touch capability.

The iPhone 7 Plus also features a new home button that is more simple but more
powerful and customisable, Apple said. It's been re-engineered so it is now
"force-sensitive", meaning it works together with a new haptic engine to be more
responsive and creating a better feel, giving users unique haptic feedback
depending on how you're using it.

Super Mario is coming to the iPhone App Store

The new iPhone 7 Plus will be available to pre-order from September 9 before
they start shipping on September 16 in the UK.

It will be available with 32GB, 128GB or 256GB storage options in the usual
Black, Gold, Silver, Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called
simply "Jet Black", which is much darker than previous black models.

How much are the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

