

The Korea Herald

Asia News Network

Seoul

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Apple's iPhone 7 kicked off its sales in South Korea amid the absence of the
Galaxy Note 7.

The sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus began in South Korea on Friday,
amid high expectations that the US tech giant could reap added success here in
the absence of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7.

Apple officially launched its latest iPhone series through Korea's three major
mobile carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus as well as local Apple retailer
Frisbee, with sales starting from 8am local time on Friday. South Korea has long
been a tough market for Apple, as Samsung has maintained its undisputed
leadership in the local smartphone business, with a market share of
approximately 70 per cent.

However, now, expectations are high that Apple could score new purchases from
Korean customers who may be willing to try out the new iPhone, as Samsung has
pulled its new smartphone from the market due to battery safety issues.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus are available in five
colours; rose gold, silver, gold, black and the popular jet black edition.
However, both run on the iOS 10 operating system.

Unlike previous models, the iPhone 7 series does not have earphone sockets and
are instead accompanied by wireless earphones Ã¢[#x20ac]" a design change made by
Apple to make the new devices waterproof. The iPhone 7 is priced at 869,000 won
(Bt27,000), while the iPhone 7 Plus costs 1.02 million won for the 32GB model.
Prices are higher for the 128 gigabite and 256GB models.

South Korea's three mobile carriers have begun a fierce competition to attract
more iPhone 7 customers to their own retailers, introducing varying subsidies
and discount promotions.

In terms of immediate savings, customers can choose to receive either an upfront
subsidy, which varies across carriers, or a unilateral 20 per cent discount on
the monthly payment plan of their choice.

The three firms have also introduced their own warranty programmes for new
iPhone customers.

