

Investing in a new phone means choosing, inevitably, between one of Apple's
iOS-toting iPhones and a range of different Android phones.

Both operating systems offer advantages and disadvantages. While the
recently-released iPhone 7 Plus is pick of the bunch for iOS, Google's Android
has a few more options to choose from.

Google Pixel launch LIVE: Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and Daydream VR
expected at October 4 event

That being said, the Pixel XL comes straight from the Google stable and is the
only phone to arrive with the very latest version of Android - nicknamed
'Nougat' - preinstalled.

Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones: Specs, price, release date and rumours about
Google's new Android smartphones

What time is Google October 4 event? Google home release date, 4K chromecast and
more rumoured to be announced

The Pixel XL will be available on October 20th - meaning you'll be able to get
hold of one before the end of the month.

iPhone 7 Plus review: It feels like an iterative update

When it comes to brute power, then the momentum is clearly with Google for its
2016 flagship smartphone.

Google Pixel smartphone accidentally leaked by UK retailer the day before
official announcement

Both the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL have 5.5-inch screens, but the
resolution on the latter is 1440p whilst the former only manages 1080p. The same
is true of random access memory - useful for multitasking - as the iPhone boasts
3GB whilst Pixel offers 4GB.

Both phones have fingerprint scanners - although while the iPhone puts it on the
front, Google's Pixel has it round the back.

Google doesn't pull ahead in every aspect though - as the iPhone 7 Plus boasts
Apple's first ever dual-lens camera. The company made a big deal about its
optical zoom and high dynamic range at the iPhone launch event.

We've yet to see Google's Pixel camera in action but if you use your phone to
take a lot of pictures, Apple could be the way to go.

Thanks to the speed of software development, many aspects of actually using the
phones are very similar.

iPhone 7 case brings back the missing headphone jack - and doesn't need an
adapter

For example, you can swipe up or down from the home screen to quickly access
shortcuts. Both have voice-enabled assistants - Google Now and Siri. And both
let you use fingerprint scanners to pay for items like coffee or groceries.

Even the apps are similar - Google Duo is very similar to FaceTime whilst big
hitters like Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat are available on both
platforms.

The iPhone 7 Plus' big feature is the aforementioned dual lens camera while the
Pixel XL trumpets Google's advancements in artificial intelligence with the
Google Allo messaging app.

Oh, and the Pixel XL has a 3.5mm headphone jack - unlike the iPhone 7 Plus.

iPhone 7 HissGate: Apple customers report hearing hissing sounds coming from
their new iPhones

Google's Pixel XL surprised a few people with its high price.

It costs £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB version.

How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where
to find them

Apple's iPhone 7 Plus also starts at £719 for the 32GB model.

What's more, we can't know for sure how long the 3,450mAh battery on the Pixel
XL lasts compared to the iPhone 7 Plus' 2,900mAh.

Apple has made it clear that iOS 10 is more efficient and that its phones now
last longer. But critics have still complained about both the battery life and
the slow charging time of the iPhones.

If you're looking for a simple-to-use phone that takes good pictures, then
Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is certainly the one to go for. You'll be paying more for
the privilege - but it will update faster and, generally, hold on to its value
if you want to upgrade again in a year's time.

However, if you need more power and want to tinker with settings and
appearances, Google's Pixel XL is probably more your cup of tea. It'll be
cheaper too, and the battery will probably last longer.

