

NEW DELHI: It has been just days since Apple launched its new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus smartphones, and some 'surprising' facts regarding the devices
have already started to come into the picture.The product page footnotes for the
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus first revealed that the 'Jet Black' coloured variants
of the smartphones are more prone to scratches, with Apple suggesting that users
buy a protective case for them. And now, it has come to light that if the new
iPhone happens to get 'liquid-damage,' the same won't be covered under
warranty.On scrolling down the product page for iPhone 7 , a footnote can be
found. It reads that both iPhones "were tested under controlled laboratory
conditions with a rating of IP67 under IEC standard 60529". However, the last
line clearly mentions that "Liquid damage is not covered under warranty". This
is quite surprising as both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are water-resistant,' and
customers are likely to use them in humid conditions."Splash, water, and dust
resistance are not permanent conditions and resistance might decrease as a
result of normal wear.

Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone; refer to the user guide for cleaning and
drying instructions," adds the company. It is worth noting that the IP67
certification that both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have makes them water as well
as dust resistant.Apple's iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones are set to
launch in India on October 7, with price starting at Rs 60,000. This means that
the iPhone 7's 32GB (base storage) variant will cost Rs 60,000. It also seems
that there will be no midnight launch for Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in
India this time. One of the biggest distributors of Apple devices in India,
Beetel Teletech Ltd. announced that it will launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus phones at 7PM on October 7, 2016.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

