

Apple has sent out media invitations for an event in San Francisco next week.

The company are expected to launch the new iPhone 7 during the event, which will
take place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium on Wednesday September 7th.

The invite released gives very little away, simply stating "See you on the 7th".

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

Samsung to issue global recall of Galaxy Note 7 phones on day it was due to be
released in the UK after batteries catch fire

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous
rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy.

The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid
of the headphone socket .

This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning
cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose
to include some in the box.

There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but
this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.

The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be
able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images.

Facebook's first satellite worth $200m DESTROYED in SpaceX test rocket explosion

There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the
latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model.

Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning
it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it.

The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic
lines that run across the back of the iPhone.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone
rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling
point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it
is yet to release a fully waterproof phone.

Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the
minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected
to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage .

The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your
phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of
charging.

SpaceX Falcon 9 explosion was "catastrophic abort" as aftermath video shows
plumes of smoke across Cape Canaveral

Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue
iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options.

Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and
potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like
Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October .

We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself,
on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates.

