

NEW DELHI: Recently, some images leaked, claiming to show Apple iPhone 7's new
EarPods with a lightning connector. And now, a video has popped up online
claiming to show the unannounced smartphone itself. The video shows two iPhone 7
smartphones in Silver and Space Grey colour options.

Unfortunately, the 7-second video only shows the iPhone 7 from the back.
Interestingly, the appearance of the back panel corroborates with previous
rumours and leaked images. The handset featured in the video features a large
rear camera along with LED flash and antenna lines running along the side edges.
The 3.5mm headphone jack is absent as well.While the iPhone 7 will likely
feature a 4.7-inch display, both the rumoured Plus and Pro variants are expected
to have 5.5-inch displays. The displays might see a bump in resolution and will
most probably have 3D Touch support.The next line-up of iPhones will be powered
by Apple's A10 processor. While the iPhone 7 is expected to come with 2GB RAM,
Apple might offer as much as 4GB RAM in the bigger iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7
Pro variants. Also, both Plus and Pro will be powered by the same CPU but with
increased clock speeds.The alleged prices of the iPhone 7 models have already
been leaked via a post on Chinese microblogging website Weibo. The base 32GB
version of iPhone7 is rumoured to be priced at CNY 5288, while the 64GB and
256GB versions will likely cost CNY 6088 and CNY 7088 respectively in China.
These prices roughly translate to Rs 53,000, Rs 61,000 and Rs 71,000
respectively. The iPhone7 Plus and the iPhone7 Pro (32GB as base variant) are
rumoured to start at CNY 6088 or around Rs 61,000 and CNY 7088 or Rs 71,000
respectively.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

