

The internet is awash with speculation that Apple's next mobile handset, thought
to be called the iPhone 7, will be WATERPROOF.

If true it could herald an end to the misery that results from dropping your
iPhone down the toilet, plonking it into your pint glass, or forgetting to take
it out of your pocket before diving into the swimming pool.

It would also bring the mobile phone handset in line with competitors like the
Samsung Galaxy S7 - which can be fully submerged underwater for 30 minutes at a
time.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

Apple hasn't previously advertised water-resistance on any of its iPhones -
which, while they can endure the odd splash, are rendered next to defunct with
any water submersion.

When does the iPhone 7 come out? Launch date CONFIRMED for Apple's new
smartphone

Passionate Apple users will find out for sure when a press conference organised
by the manufacturer is held on Wednesday evening.

However, well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities issued a detailed
research note over the weekend, in which he stated that the new iPhone will
indeed be water resistant.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 It will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for
up to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch
.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

This will bring it almost into line with Samsung Galaxy S7, which has a rating
of IP68, meaning the device is completely protected against dust, and it is
water-resistant in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes.

This is not the first leak to suggest the iPhone 7 will be resistant against
water.

The invitation to Apple's event on September 7 contains images blurry coloured
circles, which some believe to be water droplets - leading to speculation of a
water-based announcement.

Meanwhile, a report in the China-based Commercial Times earlier this year claims
the manufacturer had been working on a new "compound material" that repels
water.

It will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of plastic that run
across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow mobile signals to
reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

For all the latest rumours, check out our full round-up here .

