

THE pattern is the same every year - the iPhone hype bubble is blown up to
bursting point in the run up to the big reveal... and then it's decried as a big
let down when Apple finally shows its hand.

We're disappointed because we've convinced ourselves they're going to invent
something magical we can't even imagine. And then all they come up with is a
better phone.

It's frankly ridiculous. Because what Apple showed us this week with it's new
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus was a pair of devices that take already breathtakingly
brilliant bits of kit, and makes them better. A lot better.

So, peeling away the hyperbole, what did Apple boss Tim Cook and his pals really
show us this week? WELCOME TO A WIRELESS WORLD WE DON'T need a headphone jack
when we've got wireless headphones, do we? Not just any old wireless headphones,
though - Apple's new AirPods, when they hit the shelves next month, will likely
be wireless headphones done right - it was telling that Apple didn't say they
were Bluetooth headphones.

They look like they connect using some kind of specially-built wireless
technology which Apple thinks is better than Bluetooth. They will undoubtedly be
right.

The AirPods don't come with the new iPhone, though - you just get some wired
buds that connect to the phone using the lightning port - the phone has no
headphone jack.

Apple cleverly supplied an adapter so we can continue to use our regular
headphones if we want though. So people can't complain about it... too much.

MAGICAL MARIO IT WAS almost thrown away at the start of the event, but the fact
that Nintendo is making a Mario game for iOS is huge news.

Nintendo just don't make games that run on other people's hardware. Obviously,
they've cottoned onto the the fact that iOS is the world's biggest gaming
platform. Nintendo underlined that fact by sending video game god Shigeru
Miyamoto to make the announcement. The game will be called Super Mario Run and
is an endless runner in which Mario races to reach the flag at the end of the
level before the time limit runs out. There will be online multiplayer, and it
will be playable one-handed. Next up Zelda and Donkey Kong please.

CAMERA ACTION THE iPhone camera is a phenomenon, and it's no surprise that they
made it even better this year. The camera on the iPhone 7 is an upgrade on the
6S, while the iPhone 7 Plus gets an innovative dual-lens camera, one lens is
wide-angle, the other zoom.

This means two things - firstly, obviously, you can zoom 2x without using
software (so the image is of a better quality), but also that, using some kind
of software magic, you'll be able to take photos which reproduce the kind of
depth of field effect you can only get now from using a big DSLR.

A special portrait setting will, when an update is released next month, blur the
background of an image, making the subject pop.

WHEN AND HOW MUCH? YOU can order from September 9, and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
will ship on September 16. Prices: iPhone 7 - 32GB £599, 128GB £699, 256GB £799.
iPhone 7 Plus - 32GB £719, 128GB £819, 256GB £919. The AirPods will be out in
'late October' and will cost £159. iOS 10 and watchOS 3 will come out as a free
upgrade on September 13.

BITS AND PIECES PERFORMANCE is massively improved in the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.
There's a new chip - the A10. They say the new iPhone is 120 times faster than
the original iPhone. The new graphic capabilities will bring 'console level'
games to the phone too.

And pro apps like photo editors will also benefit from the new power. Battery
life is better, too. On average, an iPhone 7 will last two hours longer than an
iPhone 6S, while a 7 Plus will go for an hour longer than a 6S Plus. They say it
has the 'longest battery life of any iPhone ever'.

