

Click for image

Apple's highly anticipated iPhone 7 may be coming to stores a little bit later
than initially anticipated.

If you recall, reputed leaker Evan Blass published a tweet last month indicating
Apple's next-gen iPhone was slated to hit store shelves on Friday, Sept. 16.
This rumor was seemingly bolstered when Bloomberg indicated that Apple was
planning a special media event for Wednesday, Sept. 7.

But now comes word via 9to5Mac that Apple's iPhone 7 might arrive a bit later in
the month. According to a leaked memo purporting to come from an official AT&T
retail document, AT&T has two days pinned down for special merchandising resets:
Sept. 9 and Sept. 23. While certainly not conclusive and admittedly speculative,
this tends to suggest that pre-orders for the iPhone 7 may in fact begin on
Sept. 9, with shipments finally arriving two weeks later on Sept. 23.

While a two-week lag time between pre-orders and a new iPhone hitting store
shelves may seem a bit long, recall that the window between the iPhone 6s
opening up for pre-order and going on sale was 13 days. That being the case, a
14-day stretch isn't unheard of.

As to why Apple would release the iPhone 7 so late into September is anybody's
guess. Indeed, given how iPhone sales have experienced a bit of a lull over the
past few months, one would assume Apple would want to get the device out and in
as many hands as soon as possible.

Release date speculation aside, the iPhone 7 is said to feature a similar design
to what we've seen with Apple's iPhone 6 and 6s models. Some notable tweaks we
can expect to see on Apple's next-gen iPhone is the complete removal of the
traditional 3.5mm headphone jack and a stationary home button that vibrates when
pressed, thereby providing the illusion that the home button is mechanical.

With Sept. 7 fast approaching, we can expect an influx of more iPhone 7 leaks in
the weeks, if not days, ahead.

