

NEW DELHI: Apple's recently launched iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones
are now up for pre-orders in several countries across the globe. Both iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus are now available for pre-order in Australia, Austria,
Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland,
Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal,
Puerto Rico, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the UK, US
Virgin Islands and the US. The smartphones will go on sale in all these
countries on September 16.In the second phase, beginning September 23, the duo
will be available in Andorra, Bahrain, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece, Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary,
Iceland, Isle of Man, Jersey, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania,
Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Poland, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia
and Slovenia.

In India users can get their hands on the devices starting October 7 at a base
price of Rs 60,000 . Apple Watch Series 2 too has gone up on pre-orders. The
countries for the smartwatch are same as those for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
Users can choose the case+strap combination from the company website, the Apple
Watch Nike+ edition or the Apple Watch Series 2 with new Hermes straps, all in
different colours. Both the Watch Series 2 and Nike+ editions start from $369.
The Hermes version starts at $1,499.Apple Watch Series 2 runs watchOS 3 and is
powered by a new dual-core processor. It also sports a new GPU for better
graphics performance. As for the display, the second-generation wearable device
sports an OLED display that is claimed to be up to two times brighter than that
in the original Apple Watch. There's also a built-in GPS for better tracking of
distance covered while walking or running.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

