

The highly anticipated Apple iPhone 7 is expected to be released next week, but
according to massive leak reports, there is a chance that it will not get
release a certain version at least for some time. After rumours and speculations
had started doing the rounds, Apple's iPhone 7 is making waves among fans and
the tech world. There have been reports on the leak of specifications and
features of the new iPhone. But given the popularity and anticipation, it
remains to be seen whether this is just a marketing gimmick or if there is
something really wrong.

According to some sources on the internet, Apple which had released the beta
version of iOS is a little difficult to navigate. The people who have been using
the beta version for some time, have complained that there were problems in the
operating system as it cripples the smartphone. But it remains to be seen if
Apple will be able to iron out the kinks. While the small problems in the OS
will not likely stop the release of the iPhone since it has already been
scheduled. Yet there is a high chance that Apple might not bring out the iPhone
7 pro this year or maybe never. Instead, it may bring it out next year renamed
as iPhone 8. This may also be because of the reason that the issue with the
quantity of production has been resolved. According to reports, Apple had
earlier planned on getting the iPhone 7 pro as it was not sure if it will be
able to provide a dual camera for all the iPhone 7 plus. But now the problem
looks to have been solved.

This move is as disappointing as it is logical on the company's part. As keeping
less number of models will keep the lineup simple, but on the negative side,
iPhone lovers will lose out on the no-compromise phone and might have to wait
till the next year. The iPhone launch will most likely be on September 7, for
which the tech giant has sent out media invites.

