

NEW DELHI: There have been rumours since past several months that Apple may drop
3.5mm headphone jack in its next iPhones, likely to be called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus . The company is instead likely to launch both Bluetooth
headphones and headphones with lightning connectors as a part of the major
change in terms of design in the new iPhones. As the countdown to iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus starts, headphone maker JayBird spoke to Forbes about its take on
Apple's speculated move. For those unaware, JayBird was recently acquired by
Logitech for $50million.In an interview, JayBird chief marketing officer Rene
Oehlerking told Brooke Crothers, a contributor for Forbes, "My personal opinion
is that it's absolutely going to happen.

It's going to happen next week when they announce it. And I believe this will be
seen as very similar to when Apple decided to get rid of the floppy disk or
decided to get rid of the CD-ROM or DVD drives in all of their MacBooks. It's
going to be that kind of a leap."Oehlerking further added that 3.5mm headphone
jack came with Walkman and the CD players and while all of them have been
replaced by more advanced tech, 3.5mm headphone jack stayed unchanged and is now
outdated. JayBird CMO said that shifting from 3.5mm headphone jack to lightning
connector-based headphones will still compress and decompress audio "but the
music quality can be drastically enhanced."According to him, "there will be some
kind of adapter in the iPhone 7 box" that will enable using of wired headphones
via the Lightning port.The rumours suggesting Apple to bring Lightning EarPods
with the launch of the iPhone 7 got more credibility recently, courtesy a leaked
image of iPhone 7 Plus' alleged packaging . As per the image, Apple will be
bundling a Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adaptor and a Lightning to USB
cable adaptor inside the box of the new iPhone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

