

On the heels of Wednesday's announcement of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the
electronics giant is being taken to task by some fans and critics for removing
the headphone jack on the new iPhone models, in stores Sept. 16.

Instead of the 3.5-mm jack that's been a consumer electronics staple since
before the days of the original Sony Walkman, Apple has opted to have the iPhone
7's so-called Lightning port double as its headphone connector. Earbuds that
plug into the Lightning port - which is also used for charging and data transfer
- will be included with the iPhone 7, along with an adapter for regular
headphones.

While the iPhone 7 (starting at $899 with no cellphone carrier contract) and
iPhone 7 Plus (starting at $1,049) have incremental new features like a faster
processor, a water-resistant shell and an improved, dual-lens camera, the lion's
share of the attention seems to be aimed at the missing headphone jack, a design
decision that had been rumoured for many months.

Cranky posts and sarcastic memes dotted the front page of social news site
Reddit on Thursday, with some critics seeing Apple's announcement of new
wireless earbuds dubbed AirPods, coming in October for $219, as salt in the
missing headphone jack wound. (I know it would take me roughly eight seconds to
lose one of those things, if they stayed put in my mutant ears to begin with.)

The Apple faithful point to the company's forward-thinking decision to remove
DVDROM drives from the MacBook Air line of laptops as proof that not all
features need to endure forever. And it's true: these days, most thin and light
laptops don't include the increasingly irrelevant optical disc drives.

But it's a bit of a - no pun intended - apples and oranges comparison. The
iPhone's Lightning port is proprietary Apple technology, meaning people who want
to plug their cans directly into their iPhone 7 will either need to reply on an
easy-to-misplace adapter or buy new headphones from Apple, or someone who has
licensed Apple's tech.Th

at said, the headphone jack kerfuffle is getting a little blown out of
proportion. These are $1,000-plus consumer electronics products, not the keys to
food, water and shelter. They come with compatible headphones and an adapter, so
it's not necessary to run out immediately to buy a new accessory. And if people
feel really strongly about it - or about the iPhone 7 not offering any
groundbreaking new tech to begin with - they simply won't buy one.

Will this put a meaningful dent in iPhone 7 sales? I'd be surprised if it did.
We'll have to wait and see. Or hear.

stilley@postmedia.com

@stevetilley

stevetilley !@COPYRIGHT=Â© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

