

It is one of the biggest night for Apple and its fans. The new iPhones have come
to life and Apple has introduced some new goodies as well. Tim cook started the
proceedings and set the stage for the execs to bring the new gadgets out from
the shadows.

Here are the key highlights from Apple iPhone 7 event:*Tim Cook says Apple Watch
has topped rankings consistently *A total of 140 billion App Store downloads
have happened so far. Tim Cook called it "Phenomenal".*Tim Cook announced that
Apple Music has now 17 million paid subscribers. The 10th anniversary of the
Apple Music Festival will feature Britney Spears, Elton John and One Republic. *
Apple iWork app is getting real-time collaboration *Pokemon Go will come to the
Apple Watch before the end of this year *A new waterproof (up to 50 meters)
Apple Watch (Series 2) was announced at $369 (Rs 24,500 approx) * The Apple
Watch has a redesigned speaker system that can eject water if it gets inside the
watch * The Apple Watch also has GPS built-in * Apple Watch Nike+ edition
announced. Designed with runners in mind, it has stretchable, perforated bands
and a vibrant colour scheme * Apple Watch Series 2 will be available for
pre-order starting September 9 * Over 1 billion iPhones sold till date * The
iPhone 7 is dust and water resistant. It adheres to IP67 rating * The iPhone 7
has a 7MP FaceTime HD camera, along with an all-new 12MP rear camera * The
iPhone 7 Plus has a dual camera setup at the back. Both are 12 MP modules, with
one being wide-angle and other telephoto* The iPhone 7 comes with stereo
speakers - one each at the top and bottom edge of the display* Apple AirPods are
here. Powered by Apple-designed W1 chip, they come with IR sensors. * The new
A10 64-bit quad-core CPU powers the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. * Apple iPhone 7
starts at $649 (Rs 43,200 approx). Will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB
internal storage

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

