

In a matter of four days, Apple will unveil the iPhone 7. However, the rumours
just don't stop. Now, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who is known for
accurate Apple predictions, has released a detailed research report revealing
specifications for the upcoming iPhone 7.

According to a report by MacRumours, the iPhone 7 could include a new A10 chip,
topped out at 2.4-2.45 GHz, along with 2GB of RAM and 3GB of RAM for the iPhone
7 Plus respectively. Apple will offer three storage options: 32GB, 128GB, and
256GB. The low-end 16GB variant might finally go away.

Additionally, Kuo said that the new iPhones will offer five color options:
Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, along with a "dark black" color variant which will
mostly replace the Space Grey color variant. A new color by Kuo is described as
glossy 'piano black'.

The company's newest iPhone could finally be water resistant. The report points
out that the device would come equipped with an improved IPX7, which would make
the device, "suitable for splashes, showering, and even brief dips in water up
to one meter deep."

Apple might ditch the 3.5 mm headphone jack, and instead provide Lightning
EarPods with the iPhone. The iPhone 7 Plus will most likely sport 12MP dual
cameras. Kuo explains that one will be a wide-angle camera with larger pixel
sizes, a 6P lens, and optical image stabilization, while the second will be a
telephoto lens with smaller pixel sizes and a 5P lens. In other features, we can
expect an upgraded rear camera flash along with a possible upgraded proximity
sensor.

Lastly, Kuo believes iPhone 7 shipments will be below that of the iPhone 6s
through the end of the year, coming in at 60-65 million compared to 82 million
last year.

Stay tuned to dnaindia.com/scitech for full coverage of the iPhone 7 event,
scheduled for Wednesday, 7 September.

