

NEW DELHI: India's leading hyper-local mobile marketplace, Zopper has announced
the pre-booking of the latest offering by Apple, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at its
online platform.

The pre-booking starts from the 22nd of September. Consumers can choose to book
the phone with Zopper No Cost EMI, that offers the consumers a hassle free
booking experience with zero down-payment, zero processing fees and no interest
burden. Zopper is one of the first few ecommerce platforms to offer pre-booking
on the iPhone 7 in partnership with The Mobile Store. Not only this, Zopper will
be also be giving a chance to all who pre-book the new smartphone to win a free
iPhone 7.

The delivery of the iPhone will be done by Zopper within 24 hours, in
association with The Mobile Store on the first day of the phone's India launch
on October 7th.

The new iPhone comes in two variants similar to the iPhone 6, and with a host of
new features under the hood. The camera has received a substantial upgrade with
the iPhone 7 Plus sporting a dual camera. It captures images at 2x Optical Zoom
and 10x Digital Zoom helping users capture long distance shots. All variants
will also be dust and water resistant. In addition, Apple has also introduced
two new finishes for the iPhone 7 - Black and Jet black. The new iPhones are
faster, smoother, and better suited to a modern lifestyle.

Commenting on the announcement, Neeraj Jain,CEO &Co-founder;, Zopper, said "The
development extends a golden opportunity to iPhone lovers to become the proud
owners of the latest offering, whilst also enjoying a chance to win the
feature-laden smartphone, free of cost. To facilitate the process, we are also
providing no-cost EMIs zero down-payment, zero processing fees and no interest
burden. It will be a great opportunity for all Apple fans as they can make the
best of this offer."

