

If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual twoyear design cycle.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly.

The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually
moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust
resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack of
headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to music,
which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail.

The smaller 4.4-inch iPhone is getting optical stabilization as well, which
features sensors that move the lens slightly to fight against handshake movement
and motion blur. What Apple is hoping you'll pay extra for is in the larger
5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one 12-megapixel camera, the phone has
two. One is set at the usual wide angle of other iPhones, but the second camera
is a telephoto lens that's permanently closer to subjects. This means you can
now "zoom in" optically when taking photos without losing quality.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049,
respectively, offcontract. Read a comprehensive review at FinancialPost. com.
!@COPYRIGHT=Â© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

