

Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone on
Wednesday's next Apple Event.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the September announcement.

When does the iPhone 7 come out and what time is the Apple 2016 launch event?
Everything you need to know

From photos leaked from factories in China, and concept images created by
digital artists, to choice information from people with insider knowledge of
Apple's plans, the internet is abuzz with information on the the new smartphone.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone, and will
continue to update this article as we learn more.

For previous Apple models, here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has issued a new research
note, claiming that the iPhone 7 will include one very useful feature for photo
fanatics.

The phone will reportedly have four LED flash lights - two in cool colours, and
two in warm colours - and an ambient light sensor.

While the iPhone 6s ' camera is widely praised, it still struggles to take good
photos in low-light situations. These additions should theoretically improve
image quality.

It is unclear whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 or
just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, which is also expected to feature a dual-lens
camera capable of taking SLR-quality photos.

Either way, Apple is clearly stepping up its photography capabilities in the
face of growing competition from the likes of Samsung, Sony and Huawei.

Apple Watch 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartwatch

Apple has sent out invitations for an event, where it is widely expected to
unveil the iPhone 7 .

The event is taking place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco
on Wednesday, September 7, at 10am local time, (6pm BST).

Apple often likes to include a hidden message in its invitations, but this one
gives very little away.

It carries the tagline "See you on the 7th" - which may allude to the name of
the iPhone 7, as well as the date.

It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion
of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to
introduce new coloured handsets.

In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to
create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an
upgraded camera lens.

However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple
was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone.

Although the launch will take place on 7 September, there is usually a gap
between Apple unveiling its latest iPhone and the device going on sale.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday, September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

September 16 would be in keeping with Apple's normal timetable, allowing the
company to start taking pre-orders a week earlier, on Friday, September 9.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Tech site igyaan claims to have leaked a full price list of all iPhone 7
handsets in Chinese Yuan.

The low spec handset for the 32GB version will reportedly cost around £595 with
the highest spec phone - the iPhone 7 Plus with 256GB - being priced at almost
£900.

iPhone 7 32GB ¥5,288 (£595.25)

iPhone 7 128GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 256GB ¥7,088 (£797.87)

iPhone 7 Plus 32GB ¥6,088 (£685.30)

iPhone 7 Plus 128GB ¥6,888 (£775.36)

iPhone 7 Plus 256GB ¥7,888 (£887.92)

iPad Pro 2: Release date, price, specs and all the latest rumours about Apple's
next tablet

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

However, the latest rumours suggest Apple is going with iPhone 7, "to avoid
confusion" - and the tagline on the invitation backs up this theory.

While the iPhone 7 is expected to look largely identical to the iPhone 6s,
rumours point to a number of key changes.

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

As with last year's flagship, the iPhone 7 will come in two sizes - one with a
4.7-inch display, and one with a 5.5-inch display (which will be known as the
iPhone 7 Plus).

These will both have the same aluminium body as the iPhone 6s. However, a video
obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr shows that the white plastic antenna
lines across the back will be removed.

It also shows that there will be no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the
handset, suggesting that iPhone 7 users may have to rethink their headphone
choices.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Waterproof 'phablet' gets bragging rights as the
current premium phone

Another video shows an iPhone 7 Plus mockup in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose
gold, dark black and "piano black".

The glossy piano black variant could be limited in availability, so Apple is
expected to focus on large-storage models for that shade.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the Lightning port instead. There's more on that below -
read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of headphones with a Lightning cable in one of his shots
to illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

iPad mini 5: Release date, price, pictures and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next tablet

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has had a problem with bending phones in the past.

This picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone 7 will
look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s, albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed.

These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and
reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the
case to get around this restriction.

It could be a risky move though, as last time Apple messed with its antennas,
things didn't end well. - remember #antennagate?

The home button has become one of Apple's most iconic design features. And while
some rumours say Apple will ditch the home button, others suggest it's getting a
revamp.

According to Bloomberg Technology, the new iPhones will use pressure-sensitive
technology from Macbook computers for the home button.

"Current home buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the
new models will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the
user via a vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click,"
explains the site.

"This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook line."

Kuo also claims that the iPhone 7 will have a redesigned pressure-sensitive
click-less Home button, that will provide haptic feedback to mimic a clicking
sensation when the button is pressed.

Meanwhile, pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone
with a completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop
its famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

We find it hard to believe that Apple would get rid of the home button. The
feature actually pre-dates the iPhone as it was first used on the iPod music
players.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone in
these pictures. However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to
previous iPhone models.

These pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club, which previously
published the first schematics showing the protruding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or use a converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5-inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone, and possibly add a second
speaker with an audio amplifier.

The question is, how will iPhone 7 users be able to listen to music?

One suggestion is that the iPhone 7 will ship with wireless headphones, called
AirPods, which will connect to the new iPhone using Bluetooth.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go.

Beats Electronics, which Apple bought for $3 billion in 2014, may also be able
to provide a solution to iPhone users' woes.

According to an email sent out to French-speaking journalists by Beats' PR team,
and posted online by igen.fr , Apple's event on September 7 will allow attendees
to "discover new products from Beats by Dre".

It goes on say the event that "can't be missed" - suggesting that a selection of
new products from Beats by Dre will be revealed at the event.

It would make sense for Beats to release a refreshed headphone lineup to
coincide with the iPhone 7 launch.

This will most likely include a selection of wireless Bluetooth headphones and
wired headphones with a Lightning port connector.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk".

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's iOS 10 software and an
upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 will boast a next-generation A10 processor that
could be as fast as 2.4GHz - a dramatic increase over the existing A9 chip.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, this one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

The iPhone7 launch could also see Apple finally ditch its pitifully small 16GB
storage option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

According to Kuo, Apple is also planning to kill off the 64GB model, meaning the
iPhone 7 would come in 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , fueling rumours that the smartphone will feature a dual-lens
camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut-out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

According to Kuo, the camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses - one wide
angle, and one telephoto. The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and
light field camera applications.

However, this feature may only be coming the the iPhone 7 Plus. On Chinese
social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of the iPhone
7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming iPhone.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

While the theory would explain the changes to the antenna lines on the back of
the device, liquidmetal seems like too drastic a change for this update, but it
may be one to look out for in 2017.

Kuo claims that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof to a depth of one metre for up
to 30 minutes - a rating known as IPX7, which is the same as the Apple Watch .

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

