

Wang Wanli, a 26-year-old sales manager in Beijing, has been thinking about
upgrading his iPhone 6, which he bought two years ago. To his disappointment,
however, Apple's latest product rollout on Thursday morning fell short of his
expectations.

He said he had found no big improvement on the iPhone 7, which Apple is banking
on to regain the market share in China that it is losing to domestic players.

For example, he is comfortable with Apple's operating system, but he said he
thought "the iPhone 7 does not look as cool as the Lenovo Moto Z modular
handset".

Wang is not alone. As Chinese smartphone vendors such as Huawei and Oppo
scramble to offer cheaper alternatives with competitive functions, experts say
local consumers are less willing to wait in long lines for a new iPhone.

The iPhone 7 will be available in China on Sept 16, although online ordering
begins on Friday. Jin Di, research manager at International Data Corp China,
said iPhone 7's routine upgrades on cameras and processors show that hard-ware
is no longer Apple's edge.

"The sales of iPhone 7 will be worse than the iPhone 6, which once took China by
storm," Jin said.

The declining popularity of iPhones highlights challenges that Apple is facing
in China, which was once the company's biggest growth engine but has recently
become a source of disappointment.

In the quarter ended in June, Apple saw a 33 percent drop in sales in China,
marking its highest decline in all regions, while domestic brands Huawei and
Oppo saw surges in shipments of 15 per-cent and 124 percent, respectively.

Huawei said earlier this month that it had sold 4.5 million units of P9 by July,
its premium-end smartphone that includes dual cameras and sells for 3,688 yuan
($550). In comparison, the iPhone 7 Plus with similar features starts at 6,388
yuan.

"It will be hard for Apple to regain the crown in China with the iPhone 7
series, given the declining enthusiasm among consumers," said Nicole Peng,
research director at Shanghai-based consultancy Canalys.

Canalys forecasts that Apple will see a 12 percent year-on-year decline in
smartphone shipments to China this year.

According to Peng, Apple still dominates the above-3,000 yuan handset market,
where most consumers remain loyal to the brand.

"But that consumer group is growing very, very slowly. And Apple's growth, in
fact, needs to be driven by potential consumers who usually buy smartphones
priced from 2,000 yuan to 3,000 yuan. Now, however, such potential consumers
have all chosen local vendors," Peng added.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 09/09/2016 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/93/147355563705.jpg

eca86bda350e193c53760c.jpg

