

Following the steps of arch-rival Samsung, an Apple iPhone 7 exploded while
still in the package. A Reddit user "kroopthesnoop" posted a picture of the
exploded iPhone 7 this week. Now, the iPhone 7 did not go off in glory like the
Samsung Galaxy Note 7, due to a battery effect, but while still in transit. When
the user received the iPhone & he had ordered and took it out of the box, he
found it in this condition. Though details are yet to be available on the same
yet. The user said on Reddit that something went wrong with the phone between
the factory and the delivery.

Apple is yet to make a public comment on the matter. It might have had something
to do with the delivery system, but they haven't responded either. Well, both
the companies would have a lot of answers, once the buyer asks for a
replacement. It seems that the world's leading smartphone companies just can't
exist without copying each other. Samsung has time and again in the past been
infamous for copying down Apple's products, features and designs, technologies.
Samsung was even sued by Apple for the same. Apple, too, would have never gone
for iPhones with bigger displays, if Samsung hadn't done so. In fact, Apple has
introduced the same features Android phones have, years after they are actually
launched. But copying exploding phones is a tad too much.

Earlier, Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7, which was launched a week before the Apple
iPhone 7, started developing a battery issue and explosions started happening
everywhere. So much so, that the company had to ask its users to return their
phones to the company to get a replacement. Airport authorities and Airlines
companies even asked passengers to not carry their Note 7s on board. Now, it
must be noted that the Apple iPhone 7 explosion is an isolated incident and the
exact causes are yet unknown. So, we would have to look out for other such
incidents before deciding to cry foul at Apple.

