

The sight of people camping outside Apple Stores is nothing new. The queues have
been a feature of every iPhone launch since 2007.

However, reports that iPhone sales have peaked, and that the hype around Apple's
products is starting to dwindle, led some to doubt whether the lines would
materialise this year.

It seems that Apple needn't have worried - its magic fairy dust hasn't worn off
just yet.

Pictures have emerged today of queues already forming outside an Apple Store on
Kurfuerstendamm boulevard in Berlin, Germany.

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone

Tents have been pitched on the pavement outside the shop, and several people
were pictured sitting in foldable chairs.

Win an iPhone 7 as Apple launch new waterproof smartphone

Similar scenes were captured outside Apple's flagship store in New York City,
where a line of people has already developed.

According to Harvard Zhang, an intern at Bloomberg News, the first man in the
queue has been waiting since August 25 - long before the iPhone 7 was even
unveiled.

One of the spots outside the New York store is up for sale for $300, and some
Apple fans are even paying others to queue for them, with one "pro line-sitter"
in 11th place claiming to be paid $3,400 for a week.

If all this queuing sounds like far too much effort, one mobile network in New
Zealand is taking a different approach.

Spark, which will be selling the iPhone 7 from Friday, has announced that the
first 100 customers to pre-order Apple's iPhone 7 will be assigned their own
robot to wait in line for them.

Dubbed "Alpha 1", the mini bots are controlled by an app, and each carries its
own phone, allowing customers to virtually join the queue via Facetime.

The cute little bots can dance and work out to pass the time in the queue.
Unlike their human counterparts, they don't need tents, so cause a lot less
disruption on the street.

Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco
last week.

While the devices look fairly similar to their predecessors, Apple has made a
number of intriguing changes to its tried-and-tested formula.

The headphone jack is gone , the phone is finally waterproof and there's also a
new colour - plus the larger 5.5-inch model has a dual-lens camera.

Of course, there's no real need to queue up outside shops. You can pre-order the
device from Apple, or one of the UK's many mobile operators, and pop out to
collect it or get it delivered on Friday.

