

NEW DELHI: Noted Apple tipster and KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has
spilled some details on next year's iPhone models. On the day when pre-orders
for Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus went live, Kuo released his notes
explaining that the dual rear camera setup is likely to remain with "high-end
new iPhone models" next year. This indirectly indicates that there might be a
'Plus' variant for next year's iPhone launch as well."While an attractive
addition for avid picture takers and professional photographers, the iPhone 7
Plus dual-camera is not a mass-market killer application yet.

Along with its high cost (estimated at over US$30-40) and the necessity for
Apple to enhance the added value of high-end iPhone models, we expect only
high-end new iPhone models (30-40% of them) to have a dual-camera next year," he
said, as reported by Mac Rumours website.In addition, it is speculated that next
year's iPhone models' telephoto zoom lens could also get Optical Image
Stabilization. Currently, only one of the iPhone 7 Plus' lenses comes with OIS.
Nothing else is known yet.According to the Wall Street Journal, the iPhone 8
might feature an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) edgeless display. Multiple
reports also state that the Home button/ fingerprint sensor will not be a
physical portion in the new iPhone, but will be integrated within the display
itself.During a meeting with Apple in China, it was explained that the only
reason edgeless screens probably didn't make it to the iPhone 7 is because the
parts were not ready on time. So one year from, Apple will have enough time for
OLED edgeless displays.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

