

APPLE'S new  iPhones and an upgraded Apple Watch have generated tons of noise
and hype.

For those wondering what to do with the plethora of information, here is what
you really need to know: You need not rush to upgrade your iPhone or Apple Watch
if you recently bought one. The people who may want to jump to buy one of the
new devices are those who have owned their current iPhone for more than two
years.

These conclusions result from a close look at Apple's announcements on
Wednesday, when it unveiled new iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus, and a new Apple
Watch, the Watch Series 2.

For the most part, the new gadgets looked like their predecessors, though a
closer examination showed some bigger changes to the smaller components of the
devices. For example, the new iPhones, which come in two sizes, are faster and
water-resistant, with improved cameras and revised home buttons with force
sensitivity. The new watch has a GPS sensor to enhance fitness tracking.

Yet for all smartphone owners, the biggest change to the iPhone may be the
omission of the headphone jack, a connector that many have been attached to for
decades. Apple said it left out the headphone jack in favor of other benefits,
like cramming in faster chips and a better battery.

''The reason to move on comes down to one word: courage,'' Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president for marketing, said on Wednesday. ''The courage to
move on, do something new that betters all of us.''

If the headphone jack removal is the biggest change, that underlines how much of
what Apple unveiled on Wednesday was incremental. So there is no need to
stampede to an Apple store to snap up the new products when they become
available this month, unless your gadget is so out-of-date that it is time to
get with 2016.

Here is what you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7 and Apple Watch, with
tips on how to prepare for the death of the headphone jack if you plan to buy a
new Apple phone.

New iPhones

Apple's  iPhone 7 and 7 Plus look roughly the same as their predecessors, the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. The new phones have rounded corners, and the smaller
model continues to have a 4.7-inch screen whereas the larger one has a 5.5-inch
screen.

So what is new? The iPhones have a new processor that is about 40 percent faster
than the previous models. They also include a physical home button with force
sensitivity for the first time, a feature that responds with a vibration when
the button is pressed. As a result, the button no longer depresses when it is
pressed, which might make it more durable than previous iterations.

The new iPhones also include improved cameras capable of capturing a wider color
range. The larger model, the 7 Plus, has two cameras on the rear that work
together to improve zooming capability.

Other than that, the iPhones will continue to come in silver, gold and pink,
with two new colors: matte black and shiny black. The antenna bands, which were
thick lines wrapping around the back of the older iPhones, are no longer visible
on the new iPhones, making the devices look cleaner.

The biggest change is the item that is missing: The 3.5-millimeter audio port
for plugging in earphones and speakers. Apple says it sacrificed the port to
make more room for faster processors and better battery life while making the
device water and dust resistant.

''It's all fighting for space within that same enclosure,'' Mr. Schiller said
about the many components in a smartphone, including the headphone jack.

Apple is encouraging users to instead consider wireless accessories or wired
earphones that hook in through the iPhone's Lightning connector, which is also
used for power charging.

The new iPhones will start shipping to customers on Sept. 16 with a starting
price of $649 for the iPhone 7 and $769 for the iPhone 7 Plus. They can be
ordered online beginning on Friday.

Death of the Headphone Jack

What can consumers do about the removal of the audio jack? For many people,
plugging in headphones has become a habit that helped turn their phone into a
moving stereo or video player on their daily commute or at the gym.

Coping with the change depends on the type of audio accessories you use. For
consumers who want to cling to their wired audio gear, Apple is making the
transition less painful by including a converter with the new iPhones.
Basically, that is a dongle with a Lightning connector on one side, for plugging
into the iPhone, and an audio port on the other end, for plugging in the audio
accessory.

So the good news: You won't have to buy new audio gear. But on the downside, you
will have to carry a tiny, easy-to-lose dongle; replacements cost $9.

That may make it a good time to consider embracing wireless audio, which has
improved significantly over the last few years. Many wireless accessories
connect with the Bluetooth standard, which is supported by the new iPhones.
Among many that I have tried over the last year, Bose's QuietComfort 35 are
excellent noise-canceling headphones, and Logitech's UE Roll is a versatile,
waterproof wireless speaker.

The car is another matter. If you are accustomed to connecting your smartphone
to your car stereo using the headphone jack, you could use the
Lightning-to-audio-jack converter. Or you could buy a Bluetooth kit, like
Anker's SoundSync Drive, which was picked by The Wirecutter, the product
recommendations website. It plugs into a car stereo's audio jack and creates a
Bluetooth connection to wirelessly connect to the iPhone 7 for music and phone
calls.

Apple Watch Series 2

Apple also upgraded the Apple Watch, its smartwatch that acts as a companion for
the iPhone. The new version includes GPS for tracking your runs. The device is
water-resistant for swimmers.

The new watch, Series 2, is also faster than the previous one. It will start
shipping on Sept. 16 with a starting price of $370.

These are still incremental upgrades from the first version of the Watch. The
biggest change is a new ceramic finish for the high-end version of Apple Watch,
called Edition, which has a starting price of $1,250.

Apple also revised the operating system powering the Apple Watch, called
WatchOS. The new version, WatchOS 3, will introduce a more intuitive interface
and be included with the new Apple Watch. WatchOS 3 will also be available as a
free software update for the last Apple Watch.

In the end, Apple's product event on Wednesday may have been more about theater
than substantive changes to its devices.

''The iPhone 7 packed few surprises,'' said Jan Dawson, an independent analyst
for Jackdaw Research. ''This event was a big test of Apple's ability to continue
to tell a compelling story around its annual product upgrades.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/08/technology/personaltech/apples-latest-what-you
-really-need-to-know.html

