

Advance bookings for the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have already surged 50% at
retail stores in India compared with the run up to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
launch last year, industry executives said.

They cited the models' innovative features and a delay in the local launch of
competitor Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 for the surge in bookings. These booking are
happening even before Apple officially start taking orders on October 1.

The Cupertino, California-based company is trying to double its launch inventory
in India to meet higher demand and make the most of the Note 7 debacle -Samsung
recalled the model worldwide after incidents of its battery catching fire.

Samsung is, meanwhile, expediting the launch of the new Note 7, which may hit
the Indian market around September 28-30.

India is one of the first countries to receive the rectified device, in an
attempt by the So

uth Korean major to be ahead of the new iPhone launch on October 7.

Samsung has announced the re-launch of the new Galaxy Note 7 in South Korea on
September 28.

The company has plans to start a consumer trust campaign to highlight the safety
of the

Note 7 in India, the executives said.

\x93The delay in Note 7 launch is a major setback for Samsung, but the
Apple-Samsung war is far from over this festive season.

The Apple India team wants to go all out and make the most of the

scenario, while Samsung wants to ensure relaunch of the Note 7 a few days in
advance to the new iPhones,\x93 one of the executives said.

Trade officials said despite the fact that there has been minimal cancellation
for pre-booked Note 7 devices in India, fresh enquiries have nosedived, so the
company is contemp

lating a campaign.

Meanwhile, Samsung India's plea to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation
(DGCA) to lift a ban on the use the Note 7 on flights has been turned down.

India is among several countries that put restrictions on the use of the phone
on flights citing potential fire hazard.

\x93Samsung's plea was on back of the logic

that it had still not launched the device in India. But DGCA has informed that
it will follow the directive of (US regulator) Federal Aviation Administration.
In addition, it would also want a written-declaration on the safety of the
devices in India,\x93 said an official.

While Apple India declined to comment, an email sent to Samsung India did not
elicit any response until press time on Monday.

Apple is trying to organise adequate stock of the new iPhones with jet-black
colour which received maximum advance bookings and enquiries.

The highest demand is for the 32 GB variant of the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus in jet black colour. The iPhone 7 is priced '60,00080,000, while the iPhone
7 Plus costs '72,000'92,000.

\x93Among the two, iPhone 7 demand is higher since Indian consumers find the
size and price more appealing. While Apple is globally facing a shortage of the
jet black colour, the India team is trying to build adequate supplies,\x93 one
of them said.

