

NEW DELHI: With the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch just hours away,
some 3,70,000 units have reportedly made their way out of Foxconn. They would
reach a number of anticipated tier 1 countries. According to ITHome website, the
devices are reaching out to UK, The Netherlands, Italy, and the US.It is also
assumed that since one of the first batches has been shipped for global users,
there might be more leaked images and rumours popping up in the next few
hours.It was recently reported that Apple hiked the production volume of the
iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones.

The company ordered a 10% increase in parts and components for the two handsets.
Apple had originally expected the new iPhone shipments in 2016 to reach only 60%
as compared to that recorded last year.Apple's iPhone 6s shipments had hit 30
million units a month on an average in the later half of 2015. It is being
assumed that the production volume was increased due to a positive response from
analysts.Apple has already sent out media invites for its September 7 event,
where it will be launching the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus (and possibly the Apple
Watch 2) devices. Apple enthusiasts in India can watch the livestream of the
event starting at 10:30PM on Wednesday, September 7 2016. The livestream can be
watched on all devices running version the iOS 7.0 or above, Mac computers with
the OS X v10.8.5 or above, and Safari version 6.0.6 or more.Windows users can
watch the event on their Windows 10 PCs, via the Microsoft Edge browser.
Interestingly, until now users had to view the live stream of the event on
devices running the company's mobile or desktop OS only. Subsequently, Apple
opened up the ability to view the livestream on Windows 10 PCs in September
2015.(All of the above information is speculative as nothing has been revealed
officially about the iPhone 7 by Apple so far)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

