

Apple Inc. stock is on its biggest winning streak in years as the company
prepares to roll out sales of its new iPhone 7 on Friday.

The consumer electrics firm has piled on more than $60 billion to its market
capitalization this week as the company rides a wave of bullish analyst upgrades
and strong early demand for its new smartphone.

Its share price rose 3.4 per cent to $115.57 Thursday, capping its best four-day
performance in 21/2years. Short sellers have been forced to cover about $250
million worth of stock on the advance, based on data from Thomson Reuters.

Retailers reported that early demand for the new iPhone 7 has been incredibly
strong, with sales of the Plus, a larger model, selling out on Apple's website.

"We believe the commentary of the wireless operators over the past two days
about iPhone preorder activity is meaningful," said Walter Piecyk, analyst at
BTIG. "Especially in light of conservative Street expectations for Apple and the
widespread belief that the marginal changes to the iPhone 7 might not be enough
to stimulate device upgrades."

Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7 and an updated Apple Watch at a high profile
event last Wednesday in San Francisco. The new phone introduced several new
features, including wireless headphones, water resistance and a new dual-camera,
which will allow users to jump from wide angle to telephoto lenses.

Apple's share price decline slightly in the days following the announcement, but
this week began to rally as reports emerged that demand for the new 7 model was
much stronger than anticipated. The stock has now rallied nearly 11 per cent
since the open Monday.

Initial reviews of the 7 suggested the phone was an incremental upgrade over its
predecessor, but analysts in recent days have turned more bullish. Amit
Daryanani, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, noted that Apple shares were set
to break out even further if the phone continued to defy odds.

"Given the backdrop of subdued expectations for the iPhone 7, we think there is
potential for Apple to surprise on the upside given share gain potential," he
said in a note to clients.

Both T-Mobile and Sprint issued news releases this week that said pre-orders for
the 7 were four times what they were for the iPhone 6. Apple has already warned
that given the high demand on its website, iPhone 7 models will not be available
for walk-in sales this week. !@COPYRIGHT=Â© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

