

The next generation of the iPhone will be revealed later today as speculation
mounts that the technology giant will do away with the headphone port and add a
second camera on the rear of the device.

A new version of the Apple Watch, called the Series 2 and with greater focus on
health and exercise tracking, was also announced, including a special Nike+
version for ­runners.

o READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/apple-boss-slams-eu-s-11bn-tax-ruling-as-pol
itical-crap-1-4218575| Apple boss slams EU's £11bn tax ruling as political crap'
| link to article}

The Watch, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will go on sale on 16 September, with
pre-orders for the devices beginning tomorrow. The iPhone 7 will start at £599
in the UK for the 32GB model, which makes it £60 more expensive than the iPhone
6s.

Instead of the traditional headphone connection, iPhone packages will now come
with earphones that fit into the phone's Lighting port, currently used for
charging and data transfer.

However, Apple also revealed new wireless earphones, called AirPods, that will
connect to both iPhone and Apple Watch remotely. An adaptor that enables
traditional headphones to continue to plug into the iPhone will also be included
in the box.

The iPhone 7 has also had its camera redesigned, with a much-rumoured second
lens being added to the larger iPhone 7 Plus that will enable users to capture
more zoomed images without losing picture quality. The lenses across the two
phones now contain a 12 megapixel sensor.

o READ MORE: {http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/tech/first-fall-in-
iphone-sales-weighs-on-apple-revenues-1-4112096 | First fall in iPhone sales
weighs on Apple revenues | link to article}

Mr Cook said of the smartphone: "It has become the industry gold standard.

"iPhone is the phone by which all others are measured and it has become a
cultural phenomenon."

In July, the tech giant said it had sold the one billionth unit of the device,
while Mr Cook said the Apple Watch was now the world's second most popular watch
brand and most popular smartwatch.

Analysts said last night the new iPhones could help Apple recover modestly from
a recent dip in sales. But with few expected dramatic changes from previous
models, Apple watchers aren't expecting the kind of big spikes in consumer
demand that the company saw two years ago, when it introduced larger screens.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
about 15 per cent fewer than the same period last year.

{https://www.facebook.com/scotsmanbusiness/ | Click here to Like' The Scotsman
Business on Facebook | Link to Facebook page}

