

Good news for iPhone lovers who are eagerly waiting for the company to release
its new model: iPhone 7. Despite of an update of the solid number from iPhone 5
and iPhone 6 to iPhone 7, what else new feature you can expect the company can
bring in iPhone 7? A recently awarded patent suggests that Apple will be
highlighting better, high-quality speakers for thinner devices in its new iPhone
7. Another interesting thing that has been heard is that the next iOS-powered
smartphone will have a single lightning port for headphones to support
better-quality audio. The patent granted to Apple yesterday alludes to a new
method of getting better audio quality with higher volumes from slimmer devices.
Along with the added features, Apple seems to be suggesting more internal space
within the iPhone 7.

As per the patent, the audio elements used may include drivers or receivers,
which 'can be mounted on or coupled to an intermediate structure'. The 9To5Mac
suggests that the patent describes that more of the internal space of the device
will act as an audio chamber, meaning the internal components of the device will
act as speaker. TechnoBuffalo also suggests that the 'flexible electrical
substrate' may be referring to a part of the display panel.

Looking at the technique described in the patent, it resembles closely with the
same principle found in the iPad Pro's speakers. The large Apple tablet uses
four speakers combined to audio chambers within the chassis, which enables it to
produced full-bodied and higher-volume audio. Apple has put a lot of focus in
high quality audio as they've been reportedly planning to replace the 3.5mm
headphone jack with a single Lightning port. Some sources also report that the
tech giant will be releasing new wire-free Bluetooth EarPods called AirPods.

