

Apple's trade partners such as Redington and Brightstar started preparations for
special events and midnight launches of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at key
locations on October 7, as the smartphone maker plans to begin sales in India
within three weeks of dong so overseas.Redington India, among the largest trade
partners for Apple, said it will sell iPhones at 3,000 retail locations across
India. Beetel Teletech, a Brightstar company, said it will sell the new phones
at 2,000 retail outlets in the northern and eastern regions.Apple sells phones
in India through four distributors - the other two are Ingram Micro and Rashi
Peripherals. Rashi Peripherals has plans to sell the devices through 1,000
retail outlets.

Ingram said it will hold launch events at some of the 200 stores in Delhi,
Mumbai and Bengaluru where it will sell the phones.Beetel said it will organise
events across the National Capital Region on the launch day. Redington will hold
special events at select stores in key cities.US-based Apple has earmarked 100
crore towards marketing, branding and advertising in India, ET reported on
Thursday. The company has put special focus on the South Asian nation during its
current fiscal year ending September. CEO Tim Cook made a nearly week long trip
to Indian this year when he met the Prime Minister to discuss plans for the
local market.Meanwhile, Apple clarified that it will continue to sell older
models including the iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the Indian market,
even as it begins sales of the latest flagships.The company said it had not
stopped sales of the two-year old models in India, even though they have been
removed from the company's India website. The removal triggered speculation that
the models would be discontinued.Apple has upgraded storage capacities of iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus which will be available in 32GB and 128GB variants. The
16GB and 64GB storage versions will be phased out.The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage options, starting at 60,000. Official
prices of the higher storage variants are yet to be announced, but are likely
cost 10,000-11,000 more than the base model. The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB entry model
may be priced at 72,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

