

The biggest news at Apple's iPhone 7 product launch on Wednesday wasn't about
what's in, but rather, what's out.

The latest version of the iPhone will be entering a brave new wireless world -
without a standard headphone jack.

Apple called the move courageous, while Twitter and other online critics quickly
let out a collective groan.

"The reason to move on: courage," insisted Apple executive Phil Schiller during
the presentation. "The courage to move on and do something new that betters all
of us."

The new, sleeker model - which is water and dust resistant - will come with
special headphones that fit into the device's Lightning connection port, which
in past models was solely the charging port.

But the tech giant hopes users will splurge on its new wireless earbuds, called
Apple AirPods, which require charging and will cost an extra $159 when they
become available in late October.

"We do have a vision for how audio should work on mobile devices: wireless,"
said Schiller. "No one has taken this on and made it easy."

Apple fans who want to use their current headphones will have to plug them into
an adapter that will come with each device.

"I don't even own the new iPhone yet but I can guarantee you I have already lost
one of my AirPod ear buds," "Modern Family" actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson tweeted.

Less controversial announcements included much-improved cameras for both the
iPhone 7 and the larger iPhone 7 Plus.

The Plus will have a dual-camera system on the back that takes sharper images
and has better zoom capabilities thanks to a wide-angle and telephoto lens.

Both phones, which now also come in a glossy black color, have slightly longer
battery lives and stereo speakers, the company said. The phone's home button is
changing, too, with a 3-D Touch feature that performs different tasks depending
on how hard users press on it.

As for Apple Watch, the latest version is swim-proof and has a built-in GPS
system, which the company hopes will attract fitness enthusiasts.

"The watch will learn about you over time," Jeff Williams, Apple's chief
operating officer, said. "You'll get GPS-accurate pace and distance."

Pokémon Go addicts also have cause for celebration - the latest watch will work
with the mobile game. Gamers can get their nostalgia fix with a new Super Mario
Run app for the iPhone to be released in time for the holidays.

Airpods

* Wireless headphones that seamlessly integrate with all Apple products

* Siri-enabled

* Powered by W1 wireless chip

* Five hours of listening time

* 24-hour, custom-designed charging case for extra battery life

* Available in late October

* Price: $159

iPhone 7

* 12-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization and f/1.8 aperture that
allows more light into the lens, 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera on front and a
flash that's 50 percent brighter than 6s

* A10 chip that will make the phone 2 times faster than the iPhone 6 and run on
one-fifth the power, increasing battery life by two hours

* Water and dust resistant

* No headphone jack

* Colors: Silver, gold, rose gold plus new jet black (glossy) and regular black
finishes

* Price: Starts at $649 for 32GB and goes up to $849 for 256GB

* Preorder: Starts Sept. 9

iPhone 7 Plus

* Two 12-megapixel cameras (one telephoto and one wide-angle) that enables up to
10 times the digital zoom on pictures

* 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera on front

* Flash that's 50 percent brighter than 6s Plus

* A10 chip (same as iPhone 7)

* Water and dust resistant

* No headphone jack

* Colors: Same as iPhone 7

* Price: Starts at $769 for 34GB and goes up to $969 for 256GB

* Preorder: Starts Sept. 9

Apple Watch Series 2

* Water resistant up to 50 meters

* Built-in GPS that functions without the iPhone

* S2 chip with a dual-core processor that makes it 50 percent faster and two
times brighter than previous model

* Colors: Gold, rose-gold, silver and space-gray aluminum cases or silver or
space-black stainless-steel cases

* Price: Starts at $269 for aluminum models, $369 for stainless steel; new
ceramic option, starting at $1,249; partnerships with Hermès (starting at
$1,149) and Nike (starting at $369)

* Preorder: Starting Sept. 9

