

Apple Inc. stock is on its biggest winning streak in years as the company
prepares to roll out sales of its new iPhone 7 on Friday.

The consumer electrics firm has piled on more than $60 billion to its market
capitalization this week alone, as the company rides a wave of bullish analyst
upgrades and strong early demand for its new smartphone.

Its share price rose 3.40 per cent to $115.57 on Thursday, capping its best
four-day performance in two and a half years. Short sellers have been forced to
cover about $250 million worth of stock on the advance, based on data from
Thomson Reuters.

Retailers reported early demand for the new iPhone 7 has been incredibly strong,
with sales of the Plus, a larger model, selling out on Apple's website.

"We believe the commentary of the wireless operators over the past two days
about iPhone preorder activity is meaningful," Walter Piecyk, an analyst at
BTIG, said. "Especially in light of conservative

Street expectations for Apple and the widespread belief that the marginal
changes to the iPhone 7 might not be enough to stimulate device upgrades."

Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7, along with an updated Apple Watch, at a high
profile event last Wednesday in San Francisco. The new phone introduced several
new features, including wireless headphones, water resistance and a new dual
camera, which will allow users to jump from wide angle to telephoto lenses.

Apple's share price declined slightly in the days following the announcement,
but this week began to rally as reports emerged that demand for the new 7 model
was much stronger than anticipated.

The stock has rallied nearly 11 per cent since the open on Monday.

Initial reviews of the 7 suggested the phone was an incremental upgrade over its
predecessor, but analysts in recent days have turned more bullish. Amit
Daryanani, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, said Apple shares were set to
break out even further if the phone continued to defy odds.

"Given the backdrop of subdued expectations for the iPhone 7, we think there is
potential for Apple to surprise on the upside given share gain potential," he
said in a note to clients.

Both T-Mobile and Sprint issued press releases this week that said pre-orders
for the 7 were four times what they were for the iPhone 6. Apple has already
warned that given the high demand on its website, iPhone 7 models will not be
available for walk-in sales this week.

Apple has a user base of 600 million, but recent earnings reports showed that
sales of the iPhone had plateaued.

Katy Huberty, an analyst with Morgan Stanley, said current estimates are that 25
per cent of users will upgrade to the new phone, roughly in line with the
previous adoption rate for the 6. This gives the phone the potential to surprise
to the upside.

Adoption could also get a boost, Daryanani said, from the ongoing recall by
competitor Samsung of one of its phones. Samsung is undergoing a massive effort
to recall 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which have suffered from
battery fires.

Daryanani says the Samsung recall could help Apple's stock up its relatively
affordable multiple - shares trade at a price-to-earnings ratio of 12 right now
- if the iPhone manages to eat into the Galaxy's market share. !@COPYRIGHT=Â©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

