

As Apple has been pushing for the online sale of the latest iPhone 7, fewer fans
of the device have been lining up for the sale, unlike the previous models. Yet
there are still a few fans who have made headlines and become popular as the
brought in some unique things during the sales. One of those mega fans from
Japan Ayano Tominaga queued up for the new iPhone in Tokyo last week and she
brought a body pillow with Steve Jobs drawn on it in order to keep her company.
The Apple fanatic happily clicked photographs with her body pillow, and also
with other Apple fans. According to reports, Tominaga slept outside the store
for two consecutive nights meanwhile sharing pictures on the photo app Instagram
as she waited for the new iPhone 7 to arrive.

Pushing the boundaries of fandom and comfort, interestingly, this is neither the
first time nor the longest time she has come to an Apple Store for the sale with
her Steve Jobs pillow. Reportedly, Tominaga came in 2014 for iPhone 6 launch day
and had put her pillow on display. She had spent a whopping nine days outside
the Apple Store waiting for the new iPhone to go on sale. Until the time such
Apple fans keep coming for the sales, there will be more customers lining up at
the launches. Yet, it generally makes more sense to pre-order the smartphone
online and waits for it, a bit. Last week it was reported in New Zealand that an
army of mini robots queued up to get the Kiwis a hand at the new iPhone 7.

The tech giant Apple had held a mega event on September 7, at the Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium, San Francisco to launch the latest version of iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 plus. While the smartphone has not made many upgrades to its previous
version, the new camera is hailed by many to be one o a kind. Yet, the absence
of a headphone jack has received a lot of criticism.

