

Apple Inc's largest overseas market is exhibiting signs of softness in fiscal
year 2017, and customers are showing lower interest in the 7 series than the
previous generations of iPhones, according to CNBC reports on Tuesday, citing
notes from UBS analyst.

A customer tries out an iPhone 7 smartphone at an Apple Store in Qingdao,
Shandong province, Sept 162016. [Photo/IC]

Apple Inc's largest overseas market is exhibiting signs of softness in fiscal
year 2017, and customers are showing lower interest in the 7 series than the
previous generations of iPhones, according to CNBC reports on Tuesday, citing
notes from UBS analyst.

Based on the financial service provider's latest Evidence Lab Global Smartphone
Survey of almost 6,500 consumers, Steven Milunovich, an industrial analyst of
UBS AG told investors that Chinese interest in the iPhone 7 is waning.

IPhone 7, 7 Plus are introduced on Sept 8, 2016 at Apple's products launch event
held in San Francisco, California. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to the report, Milunovich reiterated its buy rating on Apple shares
due to its attractive valuation and strength in US demand.

He also reckoned that global smartphone penetration of 60 percent and high
aspirations in the US and China mean that Apple could win new customers, and
although Samsung's retention rate has improved, 30 percent of its customers were
at least somewhat less likely to go with Samsung.

Competition for the iPhone in China tends to come from lower price domestic
brands with localized android and improved features.

According to research firm Counterpoint Technology Market Research, the market
share of iPhones in China slipped to 8.4 percent, lagging behind local vendors
Huawei, Oppo and Vivo, which have won over customers with similar features at
lower prices.

"The iPhone 7 series should help Apple regain lost (Chinese) market share as
demand is tracking better than for the iPhone 6s series," said Counterpoint
analyst Neil Shah. "(But) Apple needs to offer something cutting-edge to appeal
to maturing Chinese smartphone users who are warming to local brands."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/23/147807793927.jpg

f8bc126d980d1983a48a03.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/147807794255.jpg

f8bc126d980d1983a45802.jpg

