

SAN FRANCISCO -- Apple's latest iPhone may be more notable for what's missing
from previous models than what's being added. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus unveiled
Wednesday won't have an analog headphone jack -- a longtime staple in just about
every consumer electronics device that can play audio.

In doing so, Apple is betting that its legions of loyal fans will embrace the
shift to wireless headphones -- or, if they insist on sticking with their old
ways, that they won't mind using earbuds that plug into the iPhone's power port,
or older headsets in conjunction with a new adapter.

The redesigned earbuds -- with cord -- will be included with the new iPhones.
Also in the box: an adapter consisting of two plugs connected by a short length
of cable, which will connect older headphones to the charging port.

But Apple is trying to push consumers to cut the cord with their headphones and
make the leap into what it envisions as a "wireless future."

"The reason to move on is courage," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice
president of worldwide marketing. "The courage to move on and do something new
that will benefit all of us."

As part of the transition, Apple also is introducing wireless "AirPods" that
will sell for $160.

Getting rid of the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack helped Apple make its new
iPhone slimmer, boost its battery lifetime and add other improvements, including
stereo speakers and a sharper camera. The iPhone 7 is also water

resistant, a popular feature that rivals such as Samsung Electronics already
have been offering.

Apple is trying to reverse its first decline in iPhone sales since the company's
late founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the trendsetting device in 2007.

Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year,
or about 15 percent fewer than the same period last year. Industry analysts
blame the downturn on last fall's uninspiring rollout of the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, neither of which included enough compelling feature to persuade consumers
to replace the phones that they already owned.

Now the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be plagued by the same syndrome.

Phone advances from Apple, Samsung and other smartphone makers in recent years
are becoming so run-of-the-mill that BGC analyst Colin Gillis says the industry
is gradually losing its ability to dazzle consumers. That's something Jobs was
famous for whenever he showed off new products.

In a Wednesday research note, Gillis predicted that shopping for a new
smartphones is becoming "like buying a microwave -- something people do, but not
a major event." He believes Apple's iPhone sales could decline by 5 percent
during the next year.

If that happens, it will be bad news for Apple, the world's most valuable
company. It relies on the iPhone for two-thirds of its revenue, partly because
the company hasn't been able to come up with another breakthrough innovation
under the leadership of CEO Tim Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.

Investors weren't very enthused about what they saw Wednesday. Apple's stock
shed 29 cents to $107.41 in late afternoon trading. The shares are stuck
slightly below their value a year ago when the last iPhone came out.

Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster is among the industry analysts predicting more
dramatic changes to the iPhone next fall to herald the 10-year anniversary of
the first model.

The most significant upgrades to this year's models include a faster processor
and a better camera, upgrades that Apple typically makes every year. The more
expensive and larger iPhone 7 Plus boasts the biggest change, with two digital
camera lenses. One will be for wide-angle views and the other will have
telephoto capabilities, which Apple says will zoom in by up to 10 times while
still providing the same clarity as a shot on the standard distance setting.

The new iPhones will debut Sept. 16 in the U.S., China and more than two dozen
other countries. Orders will start this Friday.

The phones will offer more storage than earlier models. As people store more
photos and video on their phones, Apple is taking a cue from rival phone makers
and offering its starter model with 32 gigabytes of storage. It's still priced
at $650 for the iPhone 7 and $770 for the larger Plus model.

Those who aren't getting a new iPhone will still see improvements with a new
mobile operating system called iOS 10. It will be available as free download
beginning Sept. 13. Among other things, the software will add more intelligence
to Apple services like Maps, Photos, the iPhone keyboard and Siri, the
voice-activated digital assistant.

The company also used Wednesday's showcase to introduce a new generation of its
smartwatches, which will include GPS tracking and enough water resistance to
swim with, part of its effort to boost sales in its newest product line.

The Apple Watch has been the only major new product released during Cook's
reign, and sales of the device so far have been lukewarm. The company hasn't
disclosed sales figures for the Internet-connected watch, but research firm IDC
estimates that Apple shipped 1.6 million watches in the April-June quarter, less
half the 3.6 million a year earlier.

The original model is getting a price cut, to $270, and will get a faster
processor. Series 2 will start at $370. The updates are coming Sept. 16.
Existing watches can get new software on Sept. 13.

The Apple Watch will get a popular new app later this year too. Niantic Labs,
the maker of the cultural sensation Pokemon Go, announced Tuesday that the game
will be released for the watch, building upon the apps that it already has
designed for the iPhone and Android devices.

