

With the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple has taken a risk by, well, not
changing very much. We have become accustomed to getting something new and
impressive from Apple every two years, but these phones are more renovation than
revelation.

But theatrics aside, the question that really matters is: Are these phones worth
buying? Apple provided me with an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7 Plus, in its two new
shades of black. The firm also gave me a SIM card to use while reviewing the
devices.

Here is what I found out.

Design, storage and performance

Most of the noticeable changes are under the hood, but there are aesthetic
tweaks worth noting. The new black finishes are nice to look at, particularly
the shiny jet black. However, the latter also is a fingerprint magnet.

As far as weight and width, the phones feel about the same as their
predecessors.

Apple also redesigned the home button to be a button in name only; it is now a
pressure-sensitive disk that uses vibrations to feel like a button. Users can
customize the strength of the buzz to make it feel more or less clicky.

One improvement could be a big deal to those who have missed a critical photo
because they did not have room on their phone to take it. Apple has doubled the
storage on the base models of the new iPhones, which finally brings the company
up to par with its closest competitors in this area.

And consumers who may have worried that they were not going to get a speed or
processing boost over the iPhone 6 or the iPhone 6S can rest easy. Apps load
snappily and without lag.

How much water can these phones stand?

The phone can withstand about three feet of water for up to 30 minutes. But that
is not recommended.

Although the iPhone is able to withstand a quick dip in the sink or (as can
happen) in the toilet, it is not exactly waterproof. It has a lower
water-resistance rating than Samsung's Galaxy S7 line.

Basically, all Apple's water resistance means is that you do not have to weep if
your phone falls in a puddle. But if these phones get wet, you still cannot
completely ignore the mishap. Apple, in fact, recommends that you do not plug
the phone in for several hours if the power port takes a bath.

Battery life

Both phones have been designed to improve battery life. They can easily make it
through a day of regular use. In my use, the iPhone 7 Plus could have lasted
into the next morning if needed. But battery-intensive features such as
following directions on a map would still probably have you reaching for the
power cord sometime before bed.

Lights, camera, action

The camera is definitely the part of the iPhone that received the most attention
in these upgrades. Apple now includes four flashes instead of two.

The company also added features that prevent you from taking pictures that are
too shaky.

Photography fanatics may want the iPhone 7 Plus. The larger device has a dual
camera, which has a normal wide-angle lens and a second lens that Apple refers
to as a "telephoto" that improves the camera's ability to take close-up
pictures.

The zoom feature on the Plus is impressive. Apple has made it possible to zoom
in up to 10x for photos and 6x for videos at a much higher quality.

On both phones, lowlight photography has been improved significantly over even
the iPhone 6S, thanks to improved software and hardware that takes in more
light.

Apple also made changes to its speakers. The new iPhones produce more sound from
their now-stereo speakers, making it noticeably better to listen to music and
play games when you are not in a place that requires headphones.

About that headphone jack

Not everything about these phones is all sunshine. The removal of the headphone
jack has serious drawbacks for consumer convenience.

If you are flying on a plane, for example, and have only your Lightning or
Bluetooth headphones on hand, you will be out of luck for watching any in-flight
movies unless you want to buy another cable. Ditto if you use your audio jack to
plug into your car.

(Apple also is selling a $159 option for users, called AirPods.)

Apple includes a headphone jack adapter in every box, and the adapter fits
snugly on the end of a normal pair of earphones without too much trouble. Even
when I yanked the headphones out of the bottom of the phone, the adapter held
tight to the cord.

In terms of sound quality, I did not notice any great difference between the
Lightning headphones and the standard headphones that came with my last iPhone.

Conclusion

In almost any other case, on almost any other phone, the loss of the headphone
jack would be a dealbreaker, even with the excellent changes to other parts of
the phone. But this is the iPhone, and with iOS, Apple has built an overall
ecosystem that is hard to leave. So potential buyers have to think, first and
foremost, about whether it will be more annoying to switch over to an Android
phone with a port or to have to use an adapter on planes and in cars over the
next few years. For some, the loss of the headphone jack may make it feel as if
Apple made the iPhone worse.

Those with the iPhone 6 or earlier will feel best about updating; iPhone 6S
users can probably take or leave the update, based on the level of upgrades.

But overall, Apple's performance improvements, particularly to the camera, on
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus make these phones feel like more of an upgrade
than they seem on paper. For me, at least, the updates ultimately edge out the
cons.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

Ã¯...OE Excerpted from washingtonpost.com/news/ the-switch

