

Apple has launched its latest generation of iPhones, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7
Plus, as the company makes a bold play to claw back valuable smartphone market
share.

The new handsets have a renewed focus on photography and waterproofing, and are
the first to come in jet black and black finishes, joining rose gold, gold and
silver in the colour spectrum. For the first time, the iPhones are dust- and
water-resistant, and will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions - double the
currently available iPhone 6s series. The iPhone 7 Plus features two 12MP camera
lenses to create a 2x zoom effect and composite high-quality images, while the
smaller iPhone 7 has a single improved 12MP lens.

Neither phone will feature a headphone jack, meaning traditional wired
headphones can't be used with them. An adaptor for wired headphones to plug into
the lightning charging port will be included with the phone. The decision is a
controversial one, given how many of Apple's millions of customers may be using
expensive wired headphones.

A new form of wireless headphones called AirPods will be sold separately. They
can be charged within their own small portable case, and aren't joined together
with a wire as are many currently available wireless headphones. The handsets
will go on sale in the UK from 16 September, even though the UK pricing has yet
to be announced. Apple will be hoping both phones will breathe life into falling
iPhone sales, amid general smartphone market saturation. Apple has sold more
than a billion iPhones in the nine years the device has been on sale, but
customer demand has waned in recent months: iPhone sales fell 15 per cent during
the second financial quarter of the year.

The Californian company also unveiled a new version of its Apple Watch
smartwatch, marketed as Apple Watch Series 2. It is waterresistant to 50 metres
and can track swimming laps for the first time.

Core values Apple facts 50m Depth to which the updated Apple watch is water
resistant Â£11bn Sum the European Commission says Apple owes in taxes in Ireland
27% Apple's quarterly fall in profits 404 Millions of iPhones sold in the last
financial quarter

