
DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Feb. 22 -- Samsung Electronics on Monday announced the newest
additions to the Galaxy family of products, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge.

Created for today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead the
industry with a refined design, more advanced camera, streamlined software
functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services,
and experiences.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun.
We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung
Electronics.

"We empower consumers with technology to help them get more out of life and will
continue to push the frontier of what's possible."

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge will be available starting mid-March 2016.

New Features:

Advanced Camera: High Quality Images No Matter the Time of Day or Location

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a
smartphone, delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to
the revolutionary Dual Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and
bigger pixel, the camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate
autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion Panorama, a new camera mode,
brings movement to traditional panoramic photos, giving the user a completely
immersive visual experience.

Refined Design and Function

The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D glass
and metal - all in a sleek design with durability and ergonomic curves for a
comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new Always-On Display, gives
users a simplified, zero touch experience where they don't need to worry about
missing a call or important notification.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge
experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience and increased
efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as
email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications.

Enhanced Performance: From Charging to Gaming

Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging
technology. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a
microSD card for up to 200GB of additional storage and in some select countries,
the tray can be used with a dual SIM card.

Samsung also made significant hardware and software updates to optimize gaming
performance on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The powerful processer and bigger
battery capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system
keeps the device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers,
allows users to manage battery consumption and minimize notifications.
Additionally, users can record their gaming experience or share their screen to
play with others. Paired with Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Vulkan API gives
users the ability to play high-performance graphic games with lower battery
consumption.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

