

Koh Dong-jin, head of Samsung's mobile devices division, introduces the
company's new flagship smartphones ? the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge ? at a launch
event at the Hotel Shilla, central Seoul, Thursday. Courtesy of Samsung
ElectronicsBy Lee Min-hyung

Samsung Electronics said Thursday that it aims to rebound in the Chinese market
with its new flagship smartphones, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, but it remained
cautious by saying it won't be an 'overnight thing.'

'It is too early for us to say that our new flagship models will bring a massive
change to China's smartphone market,' Koh Dong-jin, Samsung Electronics' mobile
chief, said during a Galaxy launch event in Seoul.

The remark came three days after the company held a Galaxy showcase event in
Shanghai. Koh acknowledged that the company has been suffering setbacks in
Asia's largest market for more than a year and a half.

'On the Shanghai visit, I had a series of meetings with Chinese retail partners,
as we identify the local distribution channel as the key factor for our
success,' he said. 'I saw for myself why we have been having trouble in the
market, and now we can say for sure that the new Galaxy models will be a game
changer.'

This is the first time for Koh to hold a press event in Seoul since he was named
the company's new mobile head last Dec. 1. Under his leadership, Samsung
unveiled the new flagship models at this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC) in
Barcelona last month. Koh has played a central role in developing all the Galaxy
series, and was promoted in recognition of his leading role in developing all
the flagship models.

'We have contemplated what customer-centric innovation is,' he said. 'Innovation
for customers comes from simplicity. They want to get something with basic
features such as luxurious design, waterproofing and battery life lasting a full
day.'

Samsung Electronics stressed that Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge adopted a duel-pixel
image sensor which the company said Wednesday it has been mass-producing since
February. The company said the 1.2-megapixel image sensor will allow users to
take professional-level photographs.

'The image sensor is the fruit of our years-long efforts,' he said. 'We also
want to adopt the sensor to non-flagship models, but careful consideration is
needed considering such factors as price competitiveness.'

Galaxy S7 is priced at 836,000 won ($695) for the 32GB model, down 22,000 won
from the previous model. Galaxy S7 Edge is sold at 924,000 won for the same
storage capacity, down 55,000 won from the S6 Edge.

'A company decides prices for their products, but more important is to hear
voices from customers,' the company chief added.

We decided to lower the price to meet the growing calls from customers,' he
said. 'Our sales and marketing department has focused on demands from the
market. We are confident the new models will exceed sales records for previous
models.'

Galaxy Club

The company also unveiled why it decided to introduce the Galaxy trade-in
program, Galaxy Club.

'Each country will run the Galaxy Club program differently,' Koh said. 'We have
been in talks to launch the program for one-and-a-half years. The program was
introduced to win back our loyal customers.'

When Galaxy Club users buy Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge on a two-year installment plan,
they can replace it with a new model next year without paying the remaining
installments. Samsung charges 7,700 won each month for the trade-in program and
smartphone care services which include offering half price for repairing
smartphone screens.

Users can join the program, starting Friday, the official launch date for the
new smartphones. All the payment should be made through Samsung Card, the
company said.

