

Samsung has launched its fourth Galaxy Active smartphone, the Galaxy S7 Active
in the US. The South Korean tech giant has joined hands with US carrier AT&T for
getting the smartphone to the users. The S7 Active will go on sale exclusively
via AT&T this week.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Active will be priced at $26.50 per month for a 30 months
contract or $33.13 per month for 24 months contract with AT&T's Next Plan.
Customers can pay $750 to outright purchase the smartphone. Users will receive a
complimentary Samsung Gear S2 smartwatch if they purchase the smartphone with
the AT&T NextPlan.Like its predecessors, the Galaxy S4 Active, Galaxy S5 Active
and Galaxy S6 Active, the Galaxy S7 Active comes with IP68 certification for
dust and water resistance. This means that it can work for 30 minutes underwater
up to 5 feet. The handset is also shatter proof.As for the specifications, the
Samsung Galaxy S7 Active runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and
features a 5.1-inch Super Amoled display with Gorilla Glass 4 protection. It is
powered by a Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clubbed with 4GB RAM.
The phone also houses a 12MP rear camera with Dual Pixel technology. Samsung
Galaxy S7 Active includes 32GB of inbuilt storage which can be expanded up to
200GB via a microSD. It is backed by a 4000mAh battery, 400mAh more than what
the Galaxy S7 Edge offers. One of the highlights of the phone is a dedicated
shortcut button on the left. Users can open different apps by pressing it once,
long pressing it, or by pressing it twice. There is a fingerprint sensor as
well.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

