

Samsung's problems seem to be getting worse as the company tries to orchestrate
the replacement of millions of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which have been
found to explode and catch fire.

Now there's a report that the Samsung Galaxy S7, a separate smartphone that has
been on the market since March, may have caused a car fire in Port St. Lucie,
Fla., ABC News reported.

While police were investigating whether a Galaxy Note 7 was the cause of that
fire, the wife of the car's owner told ABC the smartphone was a Galaxy S7.

Doubts about the safety of the other Samsung products would be a major problem
for Samsung. Not only has the Galaxy S7 been a big hit, the smartphone is being
offered to consumers as part of the current replacement program.

It's not clear whether this latest fire was caused by the same problem as the
Galaxy Note 7 fires, whether it could be part of a separate issue or whether it
is an isolated incident.

Neither Samsung nor the Consumer Product Safety Commission immediately responded
to a request for comment on whether the recall may be expanded to include other
Samsung devices.

Then there's last week ... when a California man filed a suit against Samsung
alleging the Galaxy S7 Edge - a larger version of the S7, with a curved screen -
exploded and burned him, according to a USA Today report.

That followed a report from Britain's Sun newspaper that an S7 Edge had exploded
in a teacher's hands. Samsung told the Sun: "There are no known safety issues
with Galaxy S7 devices."

The process of recalling an estimated 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones from
users has been messy. When reports of explosions first surfaced in Korean media,
Samsung initiated a voluntary replacement program, encouraging customers to turn
off their phones and trade them in to Samsung or their carriers. But those
actions drew criticism from Consumer Reports and others who said that the
seriousness of the defect merited a formal recall, which would make it illegal
to continue selling the phones.

Samsung began working with the Consumer Product Safety Commission on an official
recall. But that collaboration has led to complications in the return timeline,
as all recall-related actions must be made in conjunction with the government
agency.

