

The announcement of the new Samsung Galaxy smartphone is imminent, and there's
plenty of speculation around new features and specs.

With nothing concrete yet, anything scraps of information are merelyrumour for
now - but it could give a strongidea of what the S7 will bring.

Here are nine rumours and expectations for the Galaxy S7.

Read more

iPhone users warned of bug that will 'permanently kill' their phones

1) It's being announced on Feb 21 at 6pm

Launching new tech is a big deal nowadays, and the Samsung Galaxy S7 is expected
to be one of the juiciest reveals at Samsung's UNPACKED Event.

Tune in to a live stream of the show hereto catch the announcement as it
happens.

2) It's potentially arriving in March

With pre-orders taking place in late February and early March, it's expected
that the S7 will be released on March 11 in Europe.

3) There will likely be three new models

As with the S6, there are expected to be three versions of the S7. As well as
the standard model, supposedly with a 5.1" display, there'll be the S7 Edge,
boasting a 5.5" screen with curved edges, and the even bigger S7 Edge+ at 6".

It's expected that UNPACKED will reveal the S7 and the S7 Edge, with the Edge+
due to arrive later in the year.

4) It will probably come in three colours

Don't take everything you see on Twitter as gospel, but if there's any truth to
this supposed leak, expect a choice of black, silver, and gold when it comes to
the S7.

Eye candy. pic.twitter.com/sIJXMx9o8G

- Evan Blass (@evleaks) February 13, 2016

5) The price will be more competitive

According to Dutch website Tweakers, the Galaxy S7 will begin from (EURO)699.99,
which equates to Â£540. The same site pegs the S7 Edge price as (EURO)799.99,
which is (EURO)50 less than the launch price of the S6 Edge.

6) It might come with a free Gear VR headset

Now here's an exciting incentive to get in there early - it's rumoured that
pre-orders of the S7 will bundle in a free Samsung Gear VR headset.

The design of the virtual reality headgear allows Galaxy phones to be clipped
onto the front of the device.

7) It should be water resistant

Water damage can still be a killer for a lot of smartphones - but that could
change with the S7.

Rumours of water-resistance have been around for a while, and a video from
Samsung Mobile's Twitter feed strongly suggests that the new Galaxy will be
untroubled by splashes.

Change your idea of what a phone can handle on 2.21.16.
#TheNextGalaxyhttps://t.co/saU2TutJ5T

- Samsung Mobile (@SamsungMobile) February 17, 2016

8) It'll feature a bigger battery than the S6

The eternal smartphone battery battle continues - and the S7 is set to increase
the size from previous models. The new phone is expected to feature a 3,6000mAh
battery - a big step up from the 2,550mAh battery found in the S6.

Read more

Samsung's shock profit warning signals end of smartphone sales boom

Samsung delivers latest warning for the tech sector

Samsung unveils new smartphone and phablet

9) It should run the Android Marshmallow OS

Now that Android's Marshmallow OS has been confirmed to rollout on the S6, it's
thought that the S7 launch will include the same OS at launch.

How much of the information around the S7will prove to be true, and will Samsung
have any surprises in store? Tune in on Sunday to find out.

