

By tbreak Staff -

Shortly after the announcement of Samsung's Galaxy Note 5, a multitude of leaks
have started to flow related to the company's upcoming flagship smartphone,
Galaxy S7. No doubt it is going to be packing top-tier hardware, and it looks
like Samsung might be changing the smartphone's appearance once more.

All this time, Galaxy S7 has bbeen rumored to be running Qualcomm's Snapdragon
820, and we are pretty sure that the company is going to release a model that
will be running Samsung's own developed Exynos chipset. A benchmarking leak
showed that Galaxy S7 was able to outclass Galaxy Note 5, which is nothing out
of the ordinary since the upcoming handset is going to sport much more efficient
and better performing hardware. However, it was also thought that Samsung was
going to retain the body of its Galaxy S6 lineup on Galaxy S7 as well.

Turns out that the rumors have a different story to tell. According to them, the
upcoming smartphone is going to sport a magnesium alloy chassis or unibody.
Since smartphones are delicate and expensive pieces of machinery, this
particular body is most likely going to be far more robust that the one
incorporated in the company's Galaxy S6 smartphone lineup. Both models of Galaxy
S6 feature a body made up of 6013 aluminum, which is extremely durable since it
the same kind of material used in the construction of automobiles.

However, this time, using a magnesium alloy body will prevent the company from
placing a glass panel at the rear side of Galaxy S7. Though it is too early to
reach a conclusion at this point, we believe that Samsung might end up
presenting an even more decorated smartphone than the ones we have seen this
year. Let us hope that it at least features a microSD card slot, otherwise sales
of the device might suffer the same way as they have with the current lineup.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/32/144275279085.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/25/144275279260.png



