
DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 8 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung on Tuesday launched its much anticipated flagship smartphones Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 in India. The Galaxy S7 is priced at Rs 48,900 for 32GB version
while Galaxy S7 Edge is available at a price of Rs 56,900 (32GB).


 Here are the key highlights from the event.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge can stay submerged for up to 30 minutes in a
meter and a half of water.
 -Powered with LTE Cat 9 connectivity Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge give you best
network performance in low coverage areas.
 -7 meaningful innovations to enrich lives.
 -Choose from 3 stunning colours of Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge - Black
Sapphire, Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium colors.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge comes with multiple mobile accessories like
Battery Pack, Flip Wallet, LED View Cover, Wireless Charger stand etc.
 -Gaming gets serious on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge with less lag and battery
drain, thanks to VulkanAPI, better CPU/GPU.
 -Accessories to complement your premium Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Watch favourite shows and listen to music for hours, thanks to 3000mAh &
3600mAh batteries of Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Pre-book the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge now and receive a GearVR free!
 -Samsung Galaxy S7 is priced at Rs 48,900 (32GB) while Galaxy S7 Edge is
available at a price of Rs 56,900 (32GB).
 -Keep your cool while gaming. The internal cooling system in Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge keeps the devices from overheating.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge enhanced GPU lets you play heavy graphic games
and is 60% more powerful than its predecessor.
 -Mandeep Bhatia, GM, introduces Samsung Concierge, an exclusive post purchase
service powered by MyGalaxy.
 -Turn your celebrations into lasting memories, even in low light. Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge with F1.7 aperture lens.
 -Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge bring more opportunities & better
experiences, thanks to a unified integration with GearS2 and GearVR.
 -With Hybrid SIM, one can insert a microSD card to store up to 200 GB of
additional storage.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge come with a Hybrid SIM tray to alternatively use
as dual SIM and expandable storage.
 -3 clues inside of GalaxyS7 Wireless Charging feature. Play/pause and share!
 -Stay longer in the game, thanks to bigger battery & powerful processor.
 -Spotlight selfie feature provides studio like environment for brighter,
clearer selfies.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are powered with LTE Cat 9 connectivity for
better network performance.
 -Motion Panorama brings movement to your still shots, giving you an immersive
visual experience.
 -Enjoy a completely immersive visual experience with Motion Panorama, a new
camera mode in Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Dual Pixel technology wider (F1.7) aperture lens and bigger pixel gives you
better auto-focus even in low light.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge bring better experiences, thanks to a unified
integration with GearS2 and GearVR.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge offer the ultimate smartphone experience with
cutting edge design and extraordinary performance, says Manu Sharma.
 -Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge take a bigger leap by re-imagining the
limits of what a smartphone is capable of, says Ken Kang, MD.
 -Get pro level shots any time of the day. Thanks to the professional grade
camera in Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are the first ever smartphones with a Dual Pixel
Camera for brighter and sharper images.
 -With IP68 water and dust resistance, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge give you
greater utility without compromising on design.
 -Easily check important updates without unlocking your phone with the 'Always
On Display' on Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -The edge screen on Galaxy S7 edge is even more powerful and convenient, with
quick access to apps and content.
 -Sleek design, powerful performance, water resistance and expandable memory.
 -GalaxyS7 and Galaxy S7 edge are powered by 7 path breaking innovations.
 -Introducing the new Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.
 -Mr Ken Kang, MD, Samsung Mobiles, takes the centre stage.
 -People inspired innovation is at the heart of our business, says Ken Kang, MD,
Samsung Mobiles.
 MUST READ
 Pre-registration for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge begins in India
 Watch the live streaming of the event here:
 http://www.samsung.com/in/consumer/mobile-devices/smartphones/galaxy-s/g...
 With Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, Samsung has introduced the first dual-pixel
camera on a smartphone, which delivers brighter and sharper images, even in low
light.
 The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge are constructed with 3D
glass and metal and are water and dust resistance.
 The hybrid sim card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB
of additional storage and in some select countries, the tray can be used with
dual sim cards.
 The device's new Always-On Display gives users a simplified, zero touch
experience to check about a missed call or SMS.
 The Samsung Galaxy S7 runs on an Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
processor and has a 4GB RAM. Both phones run on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)
operating system.

