

[THE INVESTOR] The fallout from the Galaxy Note 7 is estimated to cost Samsung
Electronics more than 7 trillion won (US$6.1 billion), according to the company
and industry analysts Friday.

The Korean tech giant announced Friday that the opportunity cost from the halt
in production of the Note 7 is estimated to be a mid-4 trillion-won sum during
the coming two quarters. It is a combined figure made up of a mid-3 trillion-won
sum in the fourth quarter and 1 trillion won in the first quarter of next year,
Samsung said.

On Wednesday, Samsung had already revised down its third-quarter earnings, which
reflected losses from the first global recall, which costs around 1 to 1.5
trillion won, and the second recall, which costs around 2.6 trillion won.

Models promote Samsung Electronics` Galaxy Note 7 series.

In total, the halts in sales and production of the fire-prone Note 7 cost
Samsung Electronics more than 7 trillion won.

The operating profits of the company's internet and mobile division in the
fourth quarter is also estimated to drop more than 20 percent year-on-year to
close to 2 trillion won, according to analysts estimates.

Soh Hyun-cheol, an analyst at Shinhan Investment Corp. estimated Samsung's
internet and mobile division's operating profit at 1.7 trillion won, projecting
smartphone sales would drop 12.6 percent year-on-year to 72 million units in the
fourth quarter.

To cover the cost from the Note 7, Samsung plans to focus on other premium
smartphone brands such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge.

"We plan to normalize our mobile business by expanding sales of flagship models
such as the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge," Samsung said Friday.

The tech giant also reportedly plans to shift operations of plants in Gumi and
Vietnam -- originally for the Note 7 -- to produce the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

The performance of the internet and mobile division will depend on the demand of
the Galaxy S7 during the two coming quarters before the Galaxy S8 is rolled out
in the first quarter of next year, said Kim Dong-won, an analyst from Hyundai
Securities.

Regarding the latest fallout, most analysts shared the view that Samsung needs
to recover consumer trust in the market first before launching its new
smartphone Galaxy S8 next year.

"Samsung may improve earnings in its mobile division in the first quarter of
next year if it investigates the causes of the explosions, discloses the
solution for the production of the Galaxy S8, and adopts compensation programs
in case of possible explosions," said Kim Sun-woo, an analyst at Meritz
Securities.

By Shin Ji-hye/The Korea Herald (

