

NEW DELHI: Samsung has finally pushed the latest Android Marshmallow update to
its Galaxy S6 edge. Indian consumers have already reported receiving it. The new
software update package also adds edge screen features,, to the older S6
edge.Apart from 'Always-On' display and concierge service, the older S6 edge now
features same software functionalities found on the new S7 edge, which costs
around Rs 56,900. The older flagship is available for as low as Rs 40,999.The S7
edge boasts better performance, camera, IP68 water and dust proofing and sports
a new design.

However, consumers looking for an alternative to iPhone 6/6S (16GB) or someone
keen on buying the S7 edge but cannot afford it, the S6 edge would offer same
edge screen advantage. The S6 edge doesn't support microSD cards like S7 edge.
Users will have to stick to around 25GB of onboard storage on the 32GB
version.Samsung via its My Galaxy app has also introduced an buyback scheme for
S6 edge users. This allows people to get a discount, in the price range of
between Rs 20,000 and Rs 22,000, while exchanging it with a new S7 edge unit.
The discount price depends on the condition and age and is determined by
Cashify. The app suggests a discount price and nearest store which is offering
the upgrade scheme.Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones sport similar
hardware. While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weigh 152 gram and is
powered by a 3,000mAh battery, on the other hand, the bigger S7 edge sports a
5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram more. The two new high-end
smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440
pixels.Samsung has finally brought back the microSD card slot. They now support
up to 200GB microSD cards.Other specs of the new Galaxy smartphone include
Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core) processor
with with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM, 12MP dual pixel f/1.7rear camera with smart OIS, 5MP
selfie shooter, 4G support (LTE Cat 9), Fast Charging along with other regular
connectivity options.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

