

Enriching its portfolio of powerful 3G-enabled handsets, Telenor Pakistan in
collaboration with Samsung has exclusively launched the highly anticipated
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones. As a Telenor-exclusive first-come
first-served offer, any customer who buys S7 or S7 Edge on cash from Telenor
gets a free Gear VR. The deal also features exclusive Telenor prepaid and
postpaid bundle offers for Samsung users.

The smartphones can be purchased at any Telenor Sales and Service Center across
the country for a price of PKR 79,000 and PKR 89,000 for Samsung Galaxy S7 and
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge respectively. Some of the phones' key features include
5.1/5.5 inches super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, dual-core 2.15 GHz Kryo and
dual-core 1.6 GHz Kryo CPU, and 32/64 GB internal memory that's expandable up to
200 GB through microSD card.

Expressing his views on partnership, Irfan Wahab Khan, Deputy CEO and CMO,
Telenor Pakistan, said: Our twofold strategy for larger digital inclusion in
Pakistan comprises developing device ecosystem and bringing innovative digital
products/services to our customers. Our collaboration with Samsung to
exclusively launch Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in Pakistan serves both parts of our
strategy as the new handsets make our device portfolio richer while delivering
the best user experience through exclusive prepaid and postpaid bundle offers
that are a part of the deal.

Also commenting on the partnership, Jae Hwan Lee, President Samsung Electronics
Pakistan, said: Being the world's leading innovators in mobile technology, we at
Samsung realize that the true power of our state-of-the-art handsets cannot be
harnessed unless paired with a rich operator service.

