

By tbreak Staff -

We have already provided you with a breakdown of the hardware specifications of
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, and its internals are downright impressive. Apart
from the components that deliver stellar performance, there are two components
that you might not have heard about from both devices; it's the camera sensor
and its audio chip. Both Galaxy S7 devices are outfitted with a 12.3MP Sony
IMX260 rear camera sensor, which is definitely a sizable upgrade over IMX240
that were present in both smartphone's predecessors.

The advantage of having smaller number of megapixels and a very wide fixed
aperture is that more light will be able to enter the lens and be processed by
each pixel, delivering an outstanding and lightning fast image capture in low
and high-light environments. Smartphones have always suffered in low-light
conditions, and it looks like Samsung is dead serious in ending this limitation
once and for all. The second component that we hardly hear people talking about
was the audio chip.

Lucky CS47L91 Sound is the name on the chip, and while we are not familiar with
the brand, we are confident that since this is a high-end device, it will
deliver impeccable sound quality through the speaker grill present at the bottom
of the smartphone. Samsung claims the CPU is about 30 percent faster and the GPU
is 60 percent faster on the Galaxy S7 compared to the previous models. Battery
capacity has also been increased with the S7 featuring a 3000mAh battery and the
S7 Edge a 3600mAh battery.

Also new is an always-on screen that can display time, calendar or some built-in
images. Samsung claims that the battery drain is less than 1 percent per hour
with the always-on screen. On the software side, the Edge panel is now wider and
supports third party integration so expect to see widgets for news and sports.
Samsung also supports folders like the iPhone now so you can drag and drop icons
to create folders. A Game launcher is also added that collects all your games in
its section while game tools allow you to disable notifications and buttons
without leaving a game.

If you want, you can check out our hands-on video with both handsets and tell us
what you thought.

SamMobile

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/21/145623215547.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/2/145623215610.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/56/145623215627.jpg



