

What injustice! Just three months after the launch of Samsung's flagship
smartphone, the Korean chaebol has released the "Batman" version - or,
officially, the Injustice edition. If you are a Batman fan who bought the
Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 4G+ earlier this year, you must be feeling gutted.

So let me rub salt into your wound with a walkthrough of what you are missing.

To celebrate the third anniversary of the popular mobile fighting game
Injustice: Gods Among Us, Samsung decided to go with the Caped Crusader as the
theme.

The Injustice edition comes in a big black box. Open it and you will be greeted
by a gold-coloured Batarang (Batman's famed boomerang). I don't know what I can
do with it, but it does look super cool. Maybe hang it somewhere in my room'

After you put the Batarang away, open another lid and you will see the
special-edition Batman S7 edge smartphone.

Inside, it is still very much the same smartphone that was released in March.
But the Batman S7 edge has a deep black hue accentuated with gold details around
the home button, camera, flash and on the earpiece.

TECH SPECS

PRICE: $1,688

PACKAGE: 1 x Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 4G+, 1 x Samsung Gear VR (Black Edition), 1
x Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 4G+ case and 1 x Batman collectible

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

Instead of the silver sides found in the original S7 edge, it has black metallic
sides. At its back, you will find the Batarang logo in place of the Samsung
logo.

The Batman theme is more than just skin deep.

There is a cool, animated Batman lock screen, always-on display with the
Batarang logo, Batman-armour-like dialler, black-and-gold icons and menus.

You will wish this theme is available for other Galaxy smartphones. But,
unfortunately, it is available only for this phone (at least officially).

Want to protect this special phone from being scratched? Fret not, it comes with
an exclusive Injustice edition cover that is inspired by the front torso of
Batman's armour.

Naturally, this edition comes with a black Samsung Gear VR set, instead of the
normal white unit. I was half-expecting to see more Batman logos or gold
accents, though, but there is none to be found.

Finally, the package also contains a redeem code for the Batman Prime Pack
(worth US$100 or S$135) as well as a US$50 voucher for buying Oculus VR games.

Despite the black-and-gold Batman theme, the included earphones, charging cables
and power adapter all come in white. These accessories should have followed the
same colour scheme.

So is this Injustice worth the money? Well, let's do the maths.

A normal Galaxy S7 edge + costs $1,098, while a conventional Gear VR is priced
at $149. Given its exclusivity, the Batman case maybe costs $60 in my estimate.
As for the Batarang collectible, I would price it at around $100.

Taking into account the value of the two redeemable digital items, it comes to
around $1,609. Considering the likely licensing fee that is involved, I would
say this limited edition is well worth the money.

Trevor Tan

Â·Verdict: If you are a Samsung and Batman fan, this Injustice edition is a no
brainer. Go buy it now.

