

The rumours oflaunching a rugged version of S7 are back. A Samsung app recently
leaked the upcoming smartphone on the long list of supported devices in the
Google Play listing.The Active range ofwere first launched in 2013 when the
company launched a rugged version of Galaxy S4. Since then every flagship model
in the 'S' series has been accompanied by an Active variant. Active variants are
known to boast features like IP rating for water and shock resistance and longer
battery life.

READ ALSO:A recent listing on website Zauba too recently hinted at Active
variant of the smartphone. A smartphone with 5.1-inch phone going by model
number SM-G891A reportedly entered the country. According to a report in
VentureBeat, the model number is significant as it follows the same nomenclature
as last year's Galaxy S6 Active, SM-G890A. Galaxy S6 Active was released in June
last year.Earlier this month,launched its latest flagship --and-- in India. The
launch comes within a month of their global launch at MWC 2016 in Barcelona.READ
ALSO:As speculated, Samsung is selling the Exynos 8890 chipset variant in the
country and not the other one with Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC. The neware
priced at Rs 48,900 and Rs 56,900 respectively. Both Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
smartphones sport similar hardware. While the Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch
display, weigh 152 gram and is powered by a 3,000mAh battery, on the other hand,
the bigger S7 edge sports a 5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery and weighs 5 gram
more. The two new high-end smartphones have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display with
a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

