

SAMSUNG Galaxy S7 and S7 edge were released in Saudi Arabia on March 17, while
Samsung gave the Saudi consumers the unique opportunity to meet and experience
the new devices including technologies that are part of an integrated ecosystem,
the Gear 360 camera and Gear VR. The unveiling was released in both of Granada
Mall in Riyadh and Al- Andalus Mall in Jeddah.

Feri Zekisson, Head of IT & Mobile Department at Samsung Electronics in Saudi
Arabia, said "we believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient
and fun and striving to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7
edge by marrying elegant design with sheer performance and providing a seamless
mobile experience. We thank our loyal consumers for their trust and loyalty to
Samsung, allowing us to empower them with technology and continue to push the
frontier of what's possible."

"The new Galaxy S7 and S7 edge unleash the technology that has been long waited
for in the Saudi market and created for today's consumer lifestyle that leads
the industry with a refined design, advanced robust camera, streamlined software
functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services,
and experiences," Zekisson added.

The all new S7 and S7 edge feature a front 5MP and back 12MP camera and
introduces the first Dual Pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering brighter and
sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to the revolutionary Dual Pixel
technology, wider aperture (f1.7), and larger pixel, the camera has a faster
shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in low-light conditions. Motion
Panorama, a new camera mode, brings movement to traditional panoramic photos,
giving the user a completely immersive visual experience.

Samsung has also worked on giving the device longer battery time for the
consumer so that the battery capacity is now 3000mAH for the Galaxy S7 and
3600mAH for the Galaxy S7 edge. Both devices also easily deliver fast wired and
wireless charging technology. The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge
are constructed with 3D glass and metal - all in a sleek design with durability
and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new
Always-On Display, give users accessibility to the mobile's watch at all times.

Without compromising design, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased
utility with IP68 water and dust resistance. Edge UX, the advanced edge
experience available on Galaxy S7 edge, provides convenience and increased
efficiency by creating easy shortcuts to users' most loved functions such as
email, selfie mode, panorama mode or third party applications. Additionally, the
hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for up to 200GB of
additional storage.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge can also be accessorized with the new Gear
360 camera that can take 360 degree videos in high resolution and still images.
The videos can be played back by utilizing the ability of the Gear VR,
transcending phone users into virtual reality, allowing consumers to relive the
moment in an adventurous and unique way. - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/6/145854952606.jpg

Samsung creates for today's consumer lifestyle that leads the industry

