

Company to buy back 2 trillion won of shares By Yoon Sung-won

Samsung Electronics posted an operating profit of 6.68 trillion won in the first
quarter, up 11.7 percent from the same period last year, led by robust demand
for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, the company announced Thursday.

The result was a slight improvement on its guidance released earlier this month.

On top of strong smartphone sales, memory chips also helped the company's
earnings surprise.

According to its regulatory filing, Samsung Electronics posted 49.78 trillion
won in sales, up 5.7 percent year-on-year.

The company also said it will buy back 2 trillion won worth of its shares ? 1.3
million common shares and 320,000 preferred shares. It will buy them back over
the next three months and then cancel them, a move to boost shareholder value.

The IT and mobile communications businesses returned as the company's biggest
income source, generating 27.6 trillion won in sales and 3.89 trillion won in
operating profit, up 6.6 percent and 42 percent, respectively.

The company said both the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge have drawn more sales in North
America and Europe compared to the previous Galaxy S6 series.

'The market response was very favorable,' Samsung Electronics Investor Relations
Executive Director Lee Myung-jin said during a conference call with investors.
'The sales are positive compared to their predecessors. In particular, the S7
Edge is drawing better-than-expected responses and is recording very fast sales
in North America, China and Southwest Asia.'

Additionally, the company's budget smartphones ? the Galaxy A and Galaxy J
series ? have benefited from strong demand, especially in emerging markets.

Samsung said it shipped 92 million handsets in the first quarter with the
blended average sales price for its mobile phones dropping to around $210. It
also said smartphones made up about 80 percent of its total handset sales.

Despite weak demand, its semiconductor business recorded 11.15 trillion won in
sales, up from 10.27 trillion won year-on-year, on the back of high-performance
3D V-NAND flash memory chips.

Lee said the mobile communications and semiconductor businesses will be the
major contributors to its performance for the rest of the year. Based on the
profitability of its smartphones, the company expects to see an expansion in
high-density, high-performance memory products such as V-NAND solid-state drives
for servers on the back of the rapid global penetration of cloud technologies.

It will also seek to boost sales of premium super ultra high-definition
televisions and other home appliances, taking advantage of seasonal factors and
international sporting events.

At the same time, the company said it will diversify the application of
high-performance semiconductor products aiming at new growth sectors such as
wearables, virtual reality (VR), automotives and the Internet of Things.

'We expect that the growing ecosystem for high-resolution content such as VR
will boost the demand for high-density, high-bandwidth memory chips,' Lee said.
'In the automotive sector, the demand is mainly for infotainment products for
now, but technological advancements in autonomous driving will expand the need
for sensors and processing units too.'

Samsung Electronics has invested 4.6 trillion won on production plants in the
first quarter. This includes 2.1 trillion won for semiconductors and 1.8
trillion won for display panels.

'The capital expenditure may be slightly increased year-on-year to respond to
diverse new business opportunities,' Lee said. 'Investments in the display
sector are expected to hike to meet the increasing demand for organic
light-emitting diode panels, whereas that for the DRAM sector is likely to be
downsized compared to a year ago.'

