

The launch of Note 7 took the tech fraternity into storm and a lot of tech gurus
are going crazy speaking about its similarities with Galaxy S7 Edge.

After all the recent rumours regarding the new Galaxy Note 7's iris scanner and
other interesting features, Samsung has finally revealed the new smartphone
officially at the Galaxy Note Unpacked 2016 event held in New York, London, and
Rio de Janeiro. While the smartphone has been announced to be available for the
public starting Aug 19, no information regarding the price and market details
have been provided yet.

However, Note 7 is going to be a costly affair for sure -- probably being one of
the most expensive Samsung phones ever. Also, the package is expected to come
with a bundled Samsung Gear VR headset or a 256 GB memory card.

The announcement has definitely taken the whole of tech fraternity into storm
and a lot of tech bloggers and gurus are going crazy about Galaxy Note 7.

"The Note 7 bears a striking resemblance, both in hardware and software, to this
year's S7 Edge," says Darren Orf of Gizmodo in his recent story where he speaks
about everything related to the latest Note installment by Samsung. He also
adds, "The phones are so similar that Samsung drove it home by skipping the Note
6 and declaring its latest phablet the Note 7."

According to Orf, these similarities might be good for the company, as the S7
Edge has definitely been a 'moneymaker' for Samsung. The Note 7 has copied
almost all feature including great camera, waterproof, and a great design. He
also added in his story that both Note and S7 Edge are cannibalizing one
another, rather than the Note being the productivity-minded big brother of past
years.

That didn't stop here. Dan Seifert has also shared a couple of his views
regarding the similarities between Note 7 and S7 Edge on The Verge. He says,
"The Note 7 is virtually indistinguishable from the S7 or S7 Edge. It has the
same Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor (in North America, China, and Japan;
other markets will have Samsung's own Exynos processor), same 4GB of RAM, same
quick charging and quick wireless charging, and same 12-megapixel camera with
f/1.7 lens and optical stabilization as the S7 series."

"I had chance to use the Note 7 briefly ahead of today's announcement, and in
what has become typical Samsung fashion, the device is both visually and
tactilely impressive. The phone's design is a further refinement on the already
very good S7 Edge, and it sits comfortably in the hand, even with its oversized
display. It's symmetry is not only pleasing to look at, but it makes the phone
nicer to hold, as well," says Dan in the same story on The Verge.

However, Dan has also added that he is yet to be convinced though it works
quickly when you hold the phone awkwardly close to your face, similar to what he
experience with the Lumia 950.

Adding to the 'Note 7' storm, Jessica Dolcourt of CNET says, "From what I've
seen so far, the Note 7 should fall in line as a terrific, high-powered device
whose stylus tricks take the Note to the next level. On paper, it corrects the
biggest shortfalls of the Note 5, though our forthcoming testing will confirm
this. But if you already bought an S7 or S7 Edge, don't worry -- you haven't
been left behind."

She also adds, "The funny thing is, Samsung doesn't actually expect you to scan
your peepers every time you want to unlock the phone, the company told me in my
briefing. Instead, iris scans are seen as supplemental, like to get you into the
new, secured Private Folder where you can store things such as a photo of your
passport, banking information or apps you don't want the kids to use."

Amidst all these, Chris Velazco of Engadget seems to be a little unhappy about
the fact that Note 7 comes with a 3,500 mAh battery which is smaller to what
comes with the S7 Edge.

Views and opinions by tech gurus regarding the newly announced Note 7 go on and
on, and almost every geek is speaking about it. However, this is where we end
our summary of a couple of those views and what the geeks feel about the new
phablet.

