

Arab Finance:  Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd on Friday launched the newest
additions to the Galaxy family of products Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
in the beautiful city of Sharm El Sheikh during a grand event at the grand
Hyatt. Created for today's consumer lifestyle, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge lead
the industry with a refined design, more advanced camera, streamlined software
functionality and unparalleled connectivity to a galaxy of products, services,
and experiences.

"Samsung has been operating in the Egyptian market for more than 27 years.
During that time, we have seen big changes take place across every aspect of
Egyptian life. We have always recognized the vast potential of the Egyptian
market and remained fully committed to support it and realize its potential.
Whether in tourism or technology, Samsung believes in Egypt and its future" said
Seung-ho Yun's, CEO of Samsung Electronics Egypt. "We also believe in a world
that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more fun. We strive to deliver
on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge by marrying elegant design
with functionality and providing a seamless mobile experience." Advanced Camera:
High Quality Images No Matter the Time of Day or Location Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 edge introduce the first Dual Pixel camera on a smartphone, delivering
brighter and sharper images, even in low light. Thanks to the revolutionary Dual
Pixel technology, brighter lens with wider aperture, and bigger pixel, the
camera has a faster shutter speed and a more accurate autofocus even in
low-light conditions.

Refined Design and Function The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge
are constructed with 3D glass and metal - all in a sleek design with durability
and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip. From work to play, the device's new
Always-On Display, gives users a simplified, zero touch experience where they
don't need to worry about important notification. Without compromising design,
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge both have increased utility with IP68 water and
dust resistance. Enhanced Performance: From Charging to Gaming Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge deliver fast wired and wireless charging technology.
Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a microSD card for
up to 200GB of additional storage. The powerful processer and bigger battery
capacity ensure longer playing time, and the internal cooling system keeps the
device from overheating. Game Launcher, a new add-on for gamers, allows users to
manage battery consumption and minimize notifications. Additionally, users can
record their gaming experience or share their screen to play with others. The
Galaxy Experience Whether it's the seamless connection between Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge and the new Gear S2 Classic to monitor fitness, or connecting
with Gear VR to "travel" the world - Samsung redefines what's possible for the
mobile experience and beyond, all of which is Protected by Samsung KNOX.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/195/598/14/145917427039.png



