

SINGAPORE - Samsung Galaxy Note7 customers in Singapore can choose to exchange
their device for a Galaxy S7 edge and receive a S$250 cheque or get a full
refund of S$1,168 via cheque, and they may do so from Oct 26 till Nov 6, the
smartphone maker said yesterday.

"Both options are available to all Galaxy Note7 customers, regardless if they
purchased their original device from telecommunication operators, consumer
electronics stores, authorised retailers, Samsung Official Store at Lazada.sg or
Samsung Experience Stores, and do not affect any pre-existing contract that the
Galaxy Note7 owner has with the telecommunication operators," said Samsung.

The Galaxy Note7 cannot be exchanged for other devices apart from the S7 edge, a
Samsung spokesperson told TODAY.

Customers have to go to www.samsung.com/sg/note7exchange to select their
preferences for exchange or refund, and provide details for a free home
delivery.

The free home delivery is available to customers even if they opt for a full
refund instead of an exchange.

Note7 customers who require a loan device can visit the Samsung Customer Service
Centre at Westgate mall.

Samsung had announced on Oct 11 that it would permanently shut down production
of the ill-fated Note7 after multiple incidents worldwide of the smartphone
catching fire.

Samsung will also refund the retail value of the following original Samsung
Galaxy Note7 accessories in exchange for the return of these accessories: Galaxy
Note7 S View Standing Cover, Galaxy Note7 Clear View Cover, Galaxy Note7 LED
View Cover, Galaxy Note7 Leather Cover, Galaxy Note7 Clear Cover, Galaxy Note7
Keyboard Cover, and Galaxy Note7 Back Pack.

These will be verified by the home delivery service provider before a refund in
cheque is provided.

Samsung Concierge customers who opt for an exchange will have the service
transferred to the S7 edge, and the service will take effect from the date of
the exchange.

Those who opt for refund will receive a cheque of S$38, which is the cost for
the service. Samsung Concierge offers customers a range of benefits, including
allowing them to upgrade to a new Galaxy device every year without having to
wait till their two-year contracts with telcos are due.

