

Galaxy S7 / YonhapOperating profit rises

Samsung Electronics posted 6.6 trillion won in operating profit in the first
three months of the year, beating market expectations by a wide margin.

This marks a 7.49 percent gain from a quarter earlier and 10.37 percent increase
from the same period last year. The market consensus for the first quarter
operating profit had underestimated the results by around 1 trillion won.

In its earnings guidance, Samsung said sales came in at 49 trillion won, up 4
percent year-on-year.

The company didn't release a breakdown of its divisional performances - it will
disclose more detailed first quarter results later this month.

The stronger-than-expected results reflect brisk demand for its flagship
smartphone the Galaxy S7, relatively solid semiconductor sales and a weaker won
against the dollar.

'This is an earnings surprise,' said Kim Kyung-min, an analyst at Daishin
Securities. 'Most analysts expected Samsung's operating profit to be somewhere
between 5.2 trillion won and 5.8 trillion won.'

On top of better-than-expected initial sales of the Galaxy S7, falls in
marketing costs also contributed to the earnings boost.

Samsung started selling its S7 smartphone in March in two designs - one rigid
and the other curved - earlier in the year than 2015's S6 to actively take on
Apple's iPhone.

Sales of the S7 series have topped 10 million in the 20 days after marketing
began. It took 25 days for the S6 to reach the 10 million mark.

'The mobile division's earnings appear to be 3.5 trillion won in the first
quarter,' said a senior fund manager from a Korean branch of a U.S.-based
leading investment bank. 'Demand for the Galaxy S7 will likely remain strong
throughout the year.'

The semiconductor business also fared well, helped by increased sales of
top-tier chips. A migration into thinner technology helped the company report
better earnings, with the semiconductor division's operating profit estimated at
between 2.5 trillion won and 2.6 trillion won.

'The global semiconductor market is in a downturn,' said an official, 'but
Samsung bucked the trend as it has been pursuing profitability by controlling
shipments of memory chips to clients rather than output expansion.'

In February, Samsung began selling DRAM chips using a very fine 18-nanometer
processing technology, which is an industry first, meaning the company has more
room to offset the industry's continued doom and gloom.

The won's weakness against the dollar helped Samsung's home appliance division
post stronger sales, as a weaker won makes Korean products cheaper and boosts
earnings in terms of the local currency.

The won traded weaker against the greenback in the first quarter, with the
exchange rate rising to 1,240 from 1,170 at the end of 2015.

The operating profit of Samsung's home appliances division is estimated at about
300 billion won.

The continued supply glut and weak demand for larger display panels for use in
TVs negatively affected the results.

Samsung dominates the global OLED display market with a greater focus on small
displays for use in smartphones. But in larger displays, which are more
profitable than small ones, Samsung has been hesitant to jump into the market
due to fears over marketability.

