

Q. What should I do if I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phone?

A. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 smartphone is the only model involved in Samsung's
battery-fire situation, and the company says it has stopped selling it and
discontinued production. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge models and older
members in the Galaxy S line are not affected.

Samsung and the Consumer Product Safety Commission formally recalled the Galaxy
Note 7 for an overheating battery defect last month, and an exchange program was
put into place for customers to get replacement versions. However, after
multiple reports of battery fires in the replacement Galaxy Note 7 devices,
Samsung announced this week that it was stopping all sales and production of the
model. The company says it is investigating the battery situation.

If you have a Galaxy Note 7 (either the original or replacement version),
Samsung advises that you power down the device immediately. You should also
contact the wireless carrier or retail store where you bought it for details
about getting a full refund, or exchanging it for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge
model. Those who bought a Galaxy Note 7 from Samsung's website (or who want more
information about the recall) should call the company at 1-844-365-6197 or visit
www.samsung.com/us/note7recall.

Many major wireless carriers have stopped selling the model. AT&T, T-Mobile and
Verizon Wireless are among those who have already posted specific information
regarding Galaxy Note 7 refunds and exchanges. The electronics retailer Best Buy
has also added a page of information for its Galaxy Note 7 customers curious
about how to get a refund or exchange. Some retailers may allow you to exchange
the Galaxy Note 7 for a phone from a different manufacturer, but check with your
place of purchase.

Since the Galaxy Note 7's release in August, Samsung has received more than 92
reports of batteries overheating in the United States, including 26 reports of
burns and 55 reports of property damage, according to the Consumer Product
Safety Commission. A manufacturing defect in the particular lithium-ion battery
used by that model was believed to be the cause of the combustibility, but
Samsung has so far been unable to pinpoint the problem.

Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the safety commission  have issued
warnings advising Galaxy Note 7 owners not to use, charge or pack their phones
in checked baggage. The safety commission's site has its own information about
Samsung's recall and a form to report incidents with the device.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/12/technology/personaltech/do-you-have-a-samsung-
galaxy-note-7-heres-what-to-do.html

