

Samsung Electronics Co. on Thursday reported forecast-beating earnings results
that were the best in two years as consumers snapped up its Galaxy smartphones,
in a sign the company is getting its mojo back while rivals fail to deliver new
smartphones.

The South Korean company forecast that its performance will continue to be
"solid" during the rest of the year because demand for its lucrative components,
such as high-end displays called OLED that are used as screens for premium
smartphones, is expected to increase "substantially." It expects to spend more,
however, on mobile marketing of its upcoming large-screen smartphones, to be
announced next week, which Samsung typically uses to distract consumers from new
iPhone launches by Apple.

Samsung, the world's largest smartphone maker, has a significant technology
operation in Austin, where it operates one of the biggest chip-manufacturing
complexes in North America. The company employs about 3,000 people in Austin,
where it produces, among other things, advanced low-power processors that are
used in mobile devices such as phones and tablets.

Samsung said its April-June net income rose 2 percent over a year earlier to
5.85 trillion won ($5.17 billion), compared with 5.75 trillion won a year
earlier.

That was slightly higher than forecasts, which have been revised upward in
recent months to reflect stronger-than-expected sales of the new phones.
Analysts had forecast net income of 5.79 trillion won, according to FactSet, a
financial data provider.

Sales rose 5 percent to 50.94 trillion won ($45 billion), while operating profit
surged 18 percent to 8.14 trillion won ($7.19 billion), in line with the
company's guidance earlier this month.

Samsung beat forecasts even as growth in the overall smartphone industry slowed.
Its rival Apple, the world's second-largest smartphone maker, is struggling to
boost iPhone sales and reported a 27 percent quarterly drop in profits.

Samsung's mobile business reported 4.32 trillion won ($3.82 billion) in
operating income during the three-month period, its best quarterly performance
since the second quarter of 2014.

Samsung estimates it shipped between 75.6 million and 78.3 million smartphones
during the quarter, about twice as many as Apple's 40.4 million iPhone sales.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones drove the profit gain. The company
launched the latest versions of its flagship smartphones in March, several weeks
sooner than it did last year.

Early launches helped Samsung report strong sales during the first quarter, and
the latest results dispelled doubts it could sustain the momentum during the
second quarter, since consumers continued to snap up new phones in the spring.

The company also reduced its mid- and low-end Galaxy models, helping to cut
costs. During the earnings conference call, Samsung's mobile business official
said the company will launch the Galaxy C series exclusively for Chinese
consumers.

The stellar performance of Samsung's mobile division is a sign that its
experiment with smartphone designs is paying off.

Samsung introduced the first of its flagship Edge smartphone series, which
features curved displays that wrap around two corners of the device. But in
2015, it failed to capture demand because it ran into trouble mass producing
those curved displays.

The S7 Edge, with similar designs as its predecessor, saw robust demand from
consumers and this time Samsung was able to deliver the products on time. The
company said the Galaxy S7 Edge sales proportion increased.

The strength of the Galaxy S7 has boosted Samsung's own component businesses.
Sales of OLED, or organic light-emitting diode, display panels rose, helped by
healthy sales of flagship smartphones and higher demand for flexible displays
for the S7 Edge. Samsung dominates the global supply of OLED display panels for
mobile phones.

Samsung is scheduled to announce the latest iteration of its Note series, the
Galaxy Note 7, featuring a giant screen and a stylus, on Tuesday.

New home
  for Austin tech
  News about the local tech scene has a new home. It's 512tech.com, the
American-Statesman's site dedicated to tech coverage.
  See the site
  www.512tech.com
  Follow on Twitter
  twitter.com/512tech
  Like on Facebook
  facebook.com/512tech


