
DATELINE: SEOUL


Samsung Electronics Co. reported its biggest operating profit in more than two
years, bolstered by brisk demand for its Galaxy S7 smartphones, cost controls
and sluggish iPhone sales.

Shares in the world's largest maker of phones and memory chips rose after it
reported operating income of 8.1 trillion won ($9.1 billion) in the latest
quarter, exceeding the 7.38 trillion-won average of analysts' estimates compiled
by Bloomberg and 6.9 trillion won a year earlier.

The results underscore how the South Korean company is defying a slowdown in the
smartphone market. Galaxy S7 models, which were timed to go on sale earlier than
usual this year, have capitalized on a lull in new iPhones from Apple Inc. That,
along with a healthy consumer electronics business, is helping to boost profit
margins and make up for declining income in Samsung's semiconductor business.

"S7 smartphones turned out to be a greater hit than what the market had thought
without competing iPhones," said Lee Seung Woo, an analyst at IBK Securities Co.
in Seoul. "Samsung's end-user products, such as smartphones and TVs, all
performed unbelievably well in the first half and looks like they did a lot of
cost reduction."

Revenue was 50 trillion won in the June quarter, the company said, compared with
the 50.9 trillion won analysts expected. Samsung won't provide net income or
break out divisional performance until it releases audited results later this
month.

Samsung probably sold 15 million units of the S7 in the quarter after shipping
10 million in March when it debuted, said Greg Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment
Securities in Seoul.

Operating profit at the mobile unit probably rose 53 per cent to 4.23 trillion
won in the second quarter, according to the average estimate of six analysts
surveyed by Bloomberg. Higher sales of the S7 Edge with a wraparound screen,
compared with the flat version, along with solid demand for cheaper models
helped earnings grow.

In the absence of a new iPhone, many carriers boosted marketing spending to
drive purchases of the S7, shifting the cost of promotion away from Samsung.

"Marketing cost is under control," said Peter Yu, a Seoul-based analyst at BNP
Paribas SA in Seoul.

Operating income at the semiconductor business probably fell about 25 per cent
to 2.55 trillion won in the June quarter on sales of 11.2 trillion won,
according to the analyst survey. Slackening demand for personal computers and
smartphones have pressured chip prices and outweighed rising orders of storage
chips from company clients.

The company's display division, which also makes screens using organic
light-emitting diodes, probably posted a profit of 170 billion won, reversing
from the 270 billion won loss recorded in the previous quarter, according to the
Bloomberg survey.

Stronger profit from OLED as more smartphone makers adopt the technology helped
to make up for losses from liquid crystal displays.

Samsung has held exclusive talks to supply OLED screens for iPhones due in 2017,
people familiar with the matter have said. The company may also bring out its
own phones with bendable screens as early as next year, people familiar have
said.

"Investors expect the smartphone-tablet hybrid device that is made of flexible
OLED technology could be a game changer," Peter Lee, an analyst at NH Investment
Securities Co. said in a June 20 report. "Especially, they seem to have higher
hopes on foldable smartphones."

