

CAMERAPHONES have come a long way since the dark, pixellated days of your first
Nokia brick. As smartphone snappers become ever-more advanced it's increasingly
rare to see anyone but the most seasoned of pros whip out a real camera. Tech
brands are now racing to make the longest lenses and flashiest lighting, not
just as add-ons to their phones but as a key selling point.

We don't know when the iPhone 7 is coming out but already the internet is awash
with rumours about its design. Last week a social media user in China leaked
pictures purporting to show the new smartphone. Besides what seems to be an
all-screen-no-home-button front panel, the main feature that stands out is the
bigger camera, which pops out like a compact fish eye from the back of the
phone.

The iPhone 7 - or the plusher 7 Plus version, at least - is likely to have a
dual-lens camera, according to Stuff magazine's Rob Leedham, who has seen the
rumour crop up in numerous leaks. "This improves your photo quality because the
lenses can focus on different details and combine to take a sharper shot," he
says. This should make for improved lowlight shooting and more detailed pictures
- good for landscapes, bad for blemishes.

The current iPhone 6 camera, although now a bit older than some of its new
competitors, remains "one of the best on the market", says Leedham. But it can
still be improved upon. The Samsung Galaxy S7, which has been around since
March, is "the high watermark of smartphone cameras", he says. "It gives you
these really bright, bold pictures, which pop off your Instagram feed." Tech
review site Tom's Guide agrees, naming the Galaxy S7 Edge the best allrounder.

While the iPhone focuses on natural colours, the Galaxy's palette is more
vibrant. But the Samsung camera's main plus point, according to Stuff magazine,
is its ability to cope as well when it gets dark. "It's great in low light; it's
great in most conditions," says Leedham. The Galaxy S7's prowess in low light is
due to the South Korean manufacturer's brave decision to scale back on the
number of megapixels from 16 to 12, compared with the phone's previous model.
Fewer pixels means bigger pixels, which lets in more light - perfect for those
holiday selfies as the sun dips.

When cameras first started to sprout from the backs of our phones in the early
2000s it was all: "How many megapixels have you got? the inclusion of new
features designed to cater for both the amateur and professional photographer."

A good example is the Huawei P9, which is one step ahead of the iPhone 7 with a
dual-lens camera of its own. The Chinese brand - the second biggest smartphone
manufacturer in the world but still somewhat of a dark horse in the UK game -
teamed up top-end camera specialist Leica to release a camera with two sensors
last month: one for colour and one for black-and-white. Each takes a photo and
the pictures are combined to give 300 per cent more light and 50 per cent better
contrast, without the need for snappers to fiddle around with any complicated
settings.

The LG G5, meanwhile, has a 135-degree wide-angle lens, which lets users capture
more of the scene in one image without having to change position or resort to
panorama mode. This makes the G5 a great holiday camera - perfect for capturing
cityscapes, vista and group shots.

Back in 2014 the electronics manufacturer was also one of the first to introduce
a flash for selfies, "allowing users to capture themselves in the best way under
most ambient conditions", according to the company's product marketing manager
Shaun Musgrave.

Today, for the first time, smartphone cameras are genuinely giving their
standalone equivalents a run for their money. Research by Carphone Warehouse
revealed that 65 per cent of smartphone users use their phone as a substitute
for a point-and-click device. The study also showed that almost 40 per cent of
smartphone users consider the quality of a handset camera "an important (or very
important) element of a new mobile phone".

"Smartphones have reached parity in terms of their screens and processors," says
Leedham. "The camera is where it's at in terms of technology." And the main
players' clever new features highlight their progress in dealing with the dusk.

Smartphone cameras - once a less professional but more convenient alternative -
are now the real deal whatever the time of day. @fsearle91

What's your zoom like?" Now there's much more to it. Carphone Warehouse's buying
director Andy Webb says: "It's no longer about the number of pixels but

'It's no longer about the number of pixels but new features designed to cater
for both the amateur and professional photographer'

