

Samsung Electronics introduced the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Tuesday in one
of the quickest launches of a flagship mo del in India, where it is battling
global rival Apple for the pole position in the premium seg ment, which offers
the highest value share.

The South Korean smartphone maker not on ly priced the S7 and S7 Edge at what
analysts termed a competitive ' . 48,900 and '. 56,900, respecti vely, it also
introduced free, lifetime privilege concierge services exclusively for customers
of these devices.

It is offering a virtual reality headset for free to those who book the devices
till March 17, a day before the phones go on sale.

"We are confident we will consolidate our mar ket share from 48.2% by volume in
January 2016, as per GfK, in the ' . ,000-and-above segment with these devices,"
said Manu Sharma, direc tor mobile at Samsung India.

Two research agencies \xAD Counterpoint Tech nology Market Research and
Cybermedia Rese arch \xAD pegged Apple as the leader in the premi um segment by
volume in the October-Decem ber quarter, which Samsung disputed, citing GfK
figures.

"The pricing will arrest the decline of market share as it may prevent people
from going to App le, which in turn should further strengthen their position in
traditionally strong second and third quarters (April to September)," said Tarun
Pat hak, a senior analyst at Counterpoint Research "Additional storage (200 GB)
and VR headset bundled should also aid in this increase."

India is the fastest-growing smartphone mar ket in the world and No. 2 by unique
users \xAD surpassing the US \xAD making the South Asian nation critical for
global handset makers. This is why companies including Apple and Xiaomi are clo

sing the gap between their global and India de vice launches.

Cupertino-based Apple started selling the iPho ne 6s and 6s Plus in India within
a month of the US launch in September and China's No. 1 smartphone vendor Xiaomi
may bring the Mi 5 to India in April, less than a month after opening bo okings
in China. Samsung's first global announ cement of the S7 devices was made at the
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 21.

"India is seen as a priority market and a strong market globally...Since we make
in India, we can do a parallel launch in India without waiting," Sharma said,
adding that all its phones and tablets were made locally, giving it another
advantage besides pricing.

