

Samsung has announced a launch date for its next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy
S7, which is likely to be the biggest challenger to Apple's iPhone 6s this year.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 will be unveiled at the company's annual "Unpacked" event
on 21 February 2016 - the day before the world's biggest mobile event, Mobile
World Congress , kicks off in Barcelona.

In a teaser video posted on YouTube, a man putting on one of Samsung's Gear VR
virtual reality headsets , and reaching forward with his hands.

"Get ready to rethink what a phone can do," Samsung said in the text
accompanying the video. "#TheNextGalaxy will be revealed at Unpacked on February
21."

The trailer adds fuel to rumours that the Galaxy S7 will feature a depth-sensing
camera, which could be used to provide a form of positional tracking for the
Gear VR headset.

Although the current Gear VR is a groundbreaking device, it lacks positional
tracking, which is absolutely vital for immersion and prevents nausea.

The Galaxy S7 has already been the subject of numerous rumours and leaks. Only
last week, prolific leaker Evan Blass - aka @evleaks - tweeted a picture of what
he claims is the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

EvLeaks tweet

Although the devices look almost identical to the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge ,
released last year, the edges are more rounded, and the top and bottom bezels
appear to be fractionally thinner.

Samsung is expected to launch two versions of its new smartphone - a 5.1-inch
flat-screen version, and a 5.5-inch, curved-screen version called the Galaxy S7
Edge - which will replace both the 5.1-inch Galaxy S6 Edge and 5.7-inch Galaxy
S6 Edge+.

It will be made from metal and glass and will feature a pressure-sensitive
touchscreen, similar to the "3D Touch" screens Apple introduced with its iPhone
6s and 6s Plus last year.

The Galaxy S7's main camera is rumouted to have a 12.2-megapixel sensor - which
is much lower than the 16-megapixel camera on the Galaxy S6.

However, the camera is expected to feature Samsung's Britecell technology, which
is designed to be both better in low light and smaller in size than the camera
on the Galaxy S6, so it will not protrude from the back of the phone like the S6
camera does.

Some leaks suggest that the Galaxy S7 will include a retina scanner, which could
be used alongside the fingerprint sensors for added security.

It is also expected to be waterproof and dustproof, contain a bigger battery,
and a USB Type-C port with fast-charging capability. It will run the latest
version of Google's Android operating system, known as Marshmallow .

The price of the Galaxy S7 is hard to guess at this stage, but prices for the S6
started at Â£600 last year, so the S7 is likely to be around the same pricemark.

Read more: Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge release date, specs and price rumours

Is Samsung's Galaxy S7 an iPhone killer?

