

Is the iPhone 7 value for money at Rs 60,000? If you cut the hype, there are
some decent options. Compare and evaluate before buying. These 6 android
smartphones offer great utility. So, why burn a hole in your pocket if a lesser
priced smartphone solves the purpose?

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

The new Galaxy S7 Edge boasts of a Dual Pixel 12MP primary camera and 5 MP rear
camera with F1.7 lens that allows you to click sharp and detailed images even in
low light. The device is powered by a Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM and
comes packed with a non-removable 3,600mAh battery, which has built-in fast
charging capability.

Galaxy S7 Edge features wireless charging, 5.5 inch display backed by a Corning
Gorilla Glass 4 back panel. The device runs on the latest Android v6.0
(Marshmallow) operating system and sports dual SIM connectivity. From the two
SIM card trays that device has, one can be used to place a microSD memory card
to extend the phone memory.

The USP of S7 edge is its water- and dust-resistant feature. You can carry on
using it even after dropping it in water. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has bagged
the IP (Ingress Protection) rating of 68. Which means it can be immersed in 1.5
m water for up to 30 minutes.

On ecommerce websites, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is available INR 49,000 onward.

2. Google Nexus 6P

Nexus 6P comes with 5.7 inch high-resolution display, front-facing stereo
speakers packed in aluminum body. Manufactured by Huawei, Nexus 6P runs on
latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and is powered by Octa-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor clocked at 2.0 GHz.

Nexus 6P features 12MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture which is apt for clicking
wide angle and detailed photographs even in dim light. The 8MP primary camera
empowers you to record 30 fps HD videos. Nexus 6P is backed by a 3GB RAM and
comes packed with a 3450 mAh battery. The built-in fast charging capability of
this device is its USP. Arguably the you can use the device for up to 7 hours
only after 10 minutes of charging.

On Google store, Nexus 6P is priced at INR 39,999.

3. MI5

Powered by Snapdragon 820 processor, Mi 5 features 4MP front camera and a rear
16MP 4-axis Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) camera with f/2.0 aperture. The
4-axis OIS, which is common feature of professional camera, is an upgrade from
the regular 2-axis OIS in MI5. It comes packed with a 3GB LPDDR4 RAM which make
it suitable for multitasking.

MI5 features 5.15 inch display and runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating
system. It offers dual SIM connectivity and is backed by a 3000 mAh
non-removable battery.

MI5 is listed at INR 22,999 on the company website.

4. OnePlus 3

OnePlus 3 comes with a 5.50-inch display. The device is powered by quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked at 1.6GHz. The highlight of OnePlus 3
is 6GB RAM.

The phone packs 64GB of internal storage which cannot be expanded. OnePlus 3
features a 16MP rear camera and a 8-megapixel front shooter.

The OnePlus 3 runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable
battery. The online price of 64GB variant of OnePlus 3 starts at INR 27,999.

5. Samsung Galaxy Note 5

The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Exynos 7420 processor
and it comes with 4GB of RAM. Note 5 has 32 GB non-expandable storage and runs
on Android 5.1.1 which is upgradable to 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. The
device boasts of a 16MP rear shooter and a 5MP front camera. Note 5 is a single
SIM smartphone and comes equipped with NFC connectivity. The highlight of this
devise is its S Pen, a writing instrument, which makes accessing various others
features of Note 5 easier.

On ecommerce websites, price of Samsung Galaxy Note 5 starts INR 39,990 onward.

6. Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe (zs570kl)

Highlight of Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe (zs570kl) is its robust 6GB LPDDR4 RAM
powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The device features
5.7 inch display packed in full metal body with a 3000 mAh battery.

As far as the cameras are concerned, Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) comes with
a 23-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter. The
device runs on Android 6.0 OD with brand-new ASUS ZenUI 3.0.

The smartphone is yet to make its Indian debut and the expected price is around
Rs 50,000 once it becomes available in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

