

Telecom companies have cut down the prices of handsets to dispose of inventory
before new smartphones from Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are launched.

SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus said Thursday they have reduced the price of the
Nexus 5X, the latest Google reference smartphone manufactured by LG Electronics,
to 379,500 won ($327.27). The same model was priced at between 475,200 won and
508,200 won before the price cut.

Adding to the price cut, KT introduced on Tuesday a 330,000 won subsidy for
those who purchase the Nexus 5X with a data subscription plan priced 29,900 won
or higher per month. This is the maximum subsidy that is allowed under the
Telecom Act. With the extra subsidy following a subscription contract, customers
can buy a Nexus 5X, which was launched here just four months ago, without paying
for the device.

'The Nexus 5X is drawing a very favorable response in sales,' an official at KT
said. 'The handset is almost out of stock in several outlets but it is still
available as we work to secure our inventory level.'

SK Telecom and LG Uplus have set around 110,000 won in subsidies for the
subscribers of the monthly plan priced at a similar level.

The telecom companies have already cut the prices of the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge,
as the popularity of the two models may drop once Samsung Electronics rolls out
the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

The company plans to launch the S7 series on March 11 and LG Electronics will
roll out the G5 later this month or early next month.

All three mobile carriers have provided the maximum subsidies to the S6 Edge for
more than a month already.

They are also selling budget smartphones such as Samsung Electronics' Galaxy
Alpha, LG Electronics' Class and Huawei's Y6, almost for free. Expectations are
that the telecom companies may expand the price cuts to a wider range of
handsets aiming at reducing stocks before the launch of the new smartphones.

'Almost 20 smartphones will be available for free this month,' a telecom
industry source said. 'This will mean wider options with cheap prices for those
not seeking the latest smartphones with the best hardware specifications
possible.'

