
DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, April 12 -- I think my computer is infected with a very potent virus
because it is not turning on at all. I want to format the computer but I can't
do that either because the computer just refuses to turn on. What can I do to
get my laptop working again

-Namish Poudel

Dear Namish,

You haven't provided a lot of details in your question that I can work with. How
can you be so sure that it's affected with a virus because unless a virus is a
really complex virus, they don't affect hardware as much. There are viruses that
infect the boot sector of your hard drive or even affect your MBR partitioning
tables but these viruses are really rare. Most common viruses won't behave like
this and even if did affect your Windows, the BIOS should boot. You'll know the
BIOS has booted when your laptop's manufacturer's logo will pop-up. But if
you're computer is not turning on at all, then a virus is most likely not the
issue because software will very rarely affect hardware. I think your laptop is
suffering from a hardware issue that is not letting it boot up at all, if
hardware is to be blamed, you might have to take your computer in for repair and
figure out which part of your hardware has been compromised. If your computer is
not booting up at all then there is nothing you can do anyway, so might as well
take it for repair.

I currently own a Galaxy S6 but with the release of the new Galaxy S7, I am
thinking of upgrading to the newer model. What would you recommend? Do you think
the S7 offers greater value that warrants an upgrade?

-Prajesh Pradhan

Dear Prajesh,

If you already own last year's Samsung flagship, an update might not be
necessary in terms of performance but if you want to upgrade because you want to
stay on top of the game and own the latest and the greatest, you can upgrade.
Upgrading would not offer you great value, however, because the S6 is already a
powerful phone on its own and it's just a year old. The S7 is definitely faster
than the S6 but your current phone can easily hold its own against anything that
the Play Store has to offer. There are some really cool features on the Galaxy
S7, however, like the always on display and better support for their edge
display but you'll be paying premium money for a device that is slightly better
than you current one. So, I would suggest holding on to your Galaxy S6 and
upgrading to the S7 when the prices have dropped or once your S6 starts behaving
sluggish. Be happy with what you have, sometimes our judgments are clouded by
the gimmicky features and advertising that these big companies are known for.

I have a Windows 8.1 PC and am pretty happy with the performance of the
operating system but I get annoyed when it starts updating when I need to work.
I will be nearing my deadline or will be getting ready for a presentation and
all of a sudden, my Windows will go into update mode and I'll have to wait for
the update to finish before even being able to work on my computer. This is
embarrassing when I am ready with a presentation and I just have to make
everyone wait until my Windows system updates before even being able to start my
presentation. This has gotten so annoying that I simply want to disable all
Windows updates. I don't want updates, I just want my computer to work, how do I
do this?

-Sunil Sherchan

Dear Sunil,

I can understand your frustration and I have been in similar situations. This
has been a constant problem on all Windows systems and it's baffling that
Microsoft has not done anything to rectify the issue. Turning off Windows
Updates is simple actually and all you need to do is navigate to your control
panel and open up the System & Security option. Here, turn off Automatic
Updating and within the Important Updates menu, select the Never Check For
Updates and you should be done. I do not recommend not updating since your
system will have a lot of security holes that will be patched over by these
updates but I can also understand your frustration; so disable updates when you
have work but when you have time, or even at night, just leave your computer to
update. This should avoid any hindrances in your work-flow and still keep your
data safe.

If your technological devices are giving you a hard time or if you're just
curious about certain technological questions, please drop us an email at
technopolis.tkp@gmail.com and we'll try to answer your questions as best as we
can.

Published: 12-04-2016 08:46

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

