
DATELINE: New York


New York, Oct. 25 -- After the Note 7 fiasco, a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge owner in
the US has claimed that the device which he received as a replacement for the
Note 7 exploded while charging.


 According to the PhoneArena website, the person went to a popular US wireless
carrier's store with a damaged Samsung Galaxy S7 edge - the highest-selling
device from the South Korean tech giant.
 The customer claimed he received the unit two weeks ago after turning in his
replacement Note 7 smartphone (version 2 with the "safe" battery).
 "According to the owner, it was charging overnight using the OEM (original
equipment manufacturer) charger," the report added.
 Last month, a construction worker in Ohio sued Samsung after his Galaxy S7 edge
exploded.
 "The victim suffered second and third degree burns and had to go through
painful skin grafts," PhoneArena reported.
 Three US customers from different states - Nevada, Pennsylvania and California
- have already complained about the fire-prone Note 7 devices and may go for a
class-action lawsuit against Samsung.
 The suit filed in the US District Court in Newark, New Jersey, accuses Samsung
Electronics America of fraud and breach of warranty and good faith, NBC News
reported.
 In a setback to Samsung Electronics on Monday, 527 owners of Galaxy Note 7
smartphone in South Korea filed a class-action lawsuit against the company for
inconvenience experienced after the discontinuation of the device.
 According to the Harvest Law Office here, the plaintiffs filed the case with
the Seoul Central District Court, seeking 500,000 won (US$440) in compensation
each, Yonhap news agency reported.
 Ko Young-yeel, the attorney representing the plaintiffs, said the rights of the
consumers were infringed upon as Samsung halted production of the device and
asked them to get replacements for other models.
 "The consumers were also deprived of their rights to get after-sales service,"
he said during a press conference held in front of the court. "(Samsung) should
compensate for the mental distress caused by such a situation," Young-yeel
added.
 Earlier this month, Samsung permanently halted sales and production of the
fire-prone Note 7, about two months after the device's launch.
 The South Korean firm estimated that it will lose $3 billion in operating
profits over the next six months due to the withdrawal of the Galaxy Note 7
smartphone.

