

A SAMSUNG Galaxy S7 owner could have been killed when it overheated in her hand
and exploded.

Supply teacher Sarah Crockett, 30, told how the phone blew up in a busy cafe
even though it was not being charged.

Previous explosions have happened when the mobiles have been plugged in,
although a similar case to Sarah's has also emerged in the US.

And experts say it could spark a fresh crisis for Samsung.

The South Korean giant has already had to issue a full recall of its latest
handset, the Â£750 Note 7, after devices burst into flames when charging.

Mum-of-two Sarah, 30, was with husband Matt, 29, when her threemonth-old mobile
started to balloon in size before melting in clouds of white smoke in Witham,
Essex.

She said: "It suddenly just expanded in my hand and got really, really hot.

"I dropped it on the table. Within a few seconds there was smoke everywhere and
I jumped out of the way. The whole thing was just barbecued.

"I lost all my photos, including my four-year-old son Ollie's first day at
school. But what if it had been in his hands? What if I had been driving?" As
customers fled, waiter Jordan Pierce, 32, picked the phone up with a cloth
before dumping it outside.

Sarah sent CCTV footage from the Hold the Anchovies cafe to Samsung.

But she added: "They said it must have been charging at the time and I told them
it wasn't - which seemed to surprise them as they said it was the first they'd
heard anything like this."

A Samsung spokesman said: "There are no known safety issues with Galaxy S7
devices. Samsung takes customer queries extremely seriously and enquiries are
investigated and dealt with on a case by case basis.

"This issue is currently being investigated and our customer services team is in
contact with the customer regarding the matter."

nick.pisa@thesun.co.uk Q&A WHAT is causing this overheating problem? Samsung
says it will investigate Sarah's case.

case It could be because of dodgy batteries like some in the Note 7. But as
there have been so few cases, it might be that these are one-off problems.

If the handsets have been charged with dodgy leads - such as those bought in
markets - they might have previously damaged the batteries so they overheat.

What should I do if I have an S7 or S7 edge? Samsung says there are no known
problems with the S7 and have no recall plans. That means they think these are
very rare cases.

But if your phone is overheating regularly contact your network.

So is it a problem if I am using another charger? Tech giants always tell you to
use the lead and plug in the box as they have been properly tested.

Normally, it is fine if you swap them between a Samsung and a Sony or HTC. But
if you buy a replacement, watch out for cheaper ones from markets, eBay or phone
repair shops.

Genuine ones from Currys or Carphone Warehouse will not damage your battery.

