

The new flagships from Samsung -- Galaxy S7 and S7 edge -- willfrom March 18 in
India. Market experts have already stated that the timing and pricing of the new
S7 smartphones is a clever competitive move from Samsung. However, consumers --
many who are yet to get a hang of the earlier S6 series -- feel it is too early
to consider the new flagships. Also, those who already use any of the S6 series
smartphones might consider waiting a bit before upgrading.

So, is it too early to think about the Galaxy S7? Or should you really look at
upgrading now? Here are 4 things you need to keep in mind...Hardware: Hard to
gauge the real difference in experienceFor Galaxy S6 users, there is very little
meaning to upgrade to the plain Galaxy S7. While the new version offers a new
Exynos chipset, more RAM, better camera, a microSD card slot and water-resistant
body, these will not be enough to provide a differentiated experience, thanks to
the nearly identical Android Marshmallow-powered TouchWiz UI in the new
flagships. For someone using Galaxy S6, upgrading to the S7 edge makes more
sense as the Edge Screen adds more value.Consumers who are using the Galaxy S6
edge or S6 edge+ might look forward to the compact design, waterproofing and an
improved edge screen.As far as Gear VR is concerned, it is supported by all
Galaxy flagships -- S6, S6 edge, S6 edge+, Note 5, S7 and S7 edge.Software:
Android M update expectedSamsung is yet toall S6 series smartphones in the
country to Android Marshmallow. Once the upgrade is complete, there will hardly
be any differentiating factor when compared to S7 flagships which come with
Android Marshmallow-based TouchWiz out-of-the-box.There is a possibility that
Samsung might silently roll out an update for the older S6 edge and S6 edge+
later, offering the same Edge Screen features currently present in the S7 edge
only.Samsung had earlier done the same by introducing software features of the
S6 edge+ to the smaller S6 edge. Galaxy S7 or S7 edge?The new Galaxy S7 phones
appear to be an incremental upgrade when compared to the earlier S6 series,
featuring a similar glass and metal design. Both feature a familiar metal and
glass design.However, for people who have not used any S6 series smartphones, it
will be a delight. It is light and compact with a good build quality. Consumers
won't feel that they are actually using the 5.1-inch S7 smartphone.Even the
bigger 5.5-inch Galaxy S7 edge can be easily used with one hand. The new
flagship feels premium and can be called a polished version of the older S6
series.When it comes to choosing between the two, the S7 edge offers more value
any day.Price cuts and exchange offersSamsung is known for slashing prices of
its high end smartphones drastically. It had done the same with the early
flagships models as well. The Galaxy S6 and S6 edge started to sell for as low
as Rs 36,000 and Rs 40,000 within just six months of launch at a price of Rs
49,900 and 58,900, respectively.Samsung's free Gear VR bundle for consumers who
pre-ordered the new flagships is no doubt a good deal. But people who have not
opted to pre-order might want to wait for a couple months. While Samsung has no
plans to introduce any buy-back or exchange offers, there might be such offers
on leading e-commerce websites later.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

