

A visitor to the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2016 plays Nexon's mobile game
'Heroes of Incredible Tales,' upgraded to use Vulkan graphics technology on
Samsung Electronics Galaxy S7 phones at the Los Angeles Convention Center, June
14./ Courtesy of NexonBy Yoon Sung-won

'Vulkan,' a mobile application programming interface (API), is catching
attention in the smart device and mobile gaming industry for its ability to
provide better graphic effects even in smart devices with low hardware
specifications.

As Google is planning to adopt the new technology for its next-generation
Android mobile operating system, expectations are that this will extend further
business opportunities to game development companies.

During the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) held in Los Angeles last week,
Samsung Electronics exhibited its Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge smartphones, the first
smartphones that support the Vulkan API. At a dedicated exhibition zone, the
company collaborated with Nexon to display its mobile game 'Heroes of Incredible
Tales (HIT)' for the S7 series. 'HIT' is one of the first mobile games
supporting the Vulkan technology.

An executive from NAT Games, which developed 'HIT,' said, 'We have realized
better graphics performance and boosted battery efficiency by applying the
Vulkan API to HIT under cooperation with Samsung Electronics. This will help us
promote HIT in the global market.' Nexon said it plans to distribute a
Vulkan-based global version of 'HIT' in more than 140 countries.

Samsung Electronics said, 'Vulkan's fast performance delivers an optimal gaming
experience to every player providing a 30 percent increase in average frame
rate.'

The new graphics API, however, has yet to be widely distributed because the
Galaxy S7 series is the only smartphone that supports the technology as of now.
In the gaming industry, Super Evil Megacorp's 'Vainglory,' Electronics Arts'
'Need for Speed' and 'HIT' are among the few mobile titles that will support the
Vulkan API as of now.

Google has said it will support the Vulkan API in the next upgrade of its mobile
operating system, tentatively called Android N, which is expected to be released
later this year.

'As a mobile-friendly development tool, the Vulkan API uses limited system
capacity more efficiently to provide better graphics quality with a more stable
frame rate while playing mobile games,' an industry source said. 'All
3D-rendered games, be it with high-quality or relatively less-sophisticated
images, will actually benefit with the Vulkan API in gaming experience in
general because it will reduce both battery consumption and heating.'

Developed and provided by U.S. non-profit organization Khronos Group, the Vulkan
API has been designed to produce better 3D graphics with less system overhead on
application processors in operating systems including Android, Tizen and
Windows, replacing the existing API standard called OpenGL.

Before the Vulkan technology, the OpenGL API required massive system capacity to
process sophisticated 3D images. For this reason, Android users needed expensive
high-specification smartphones to play the latest mobile games.

