

Now they're available in South Africa and I've had a chance to spend some
quality time with the more pricey and, in my opinion, better looking of the two,
the Edge.

Did familiarity breed contempt, or did my initial love-at-first-sight blossom
into a full-blown romance?

You be the judge as I detail six reasons you'll fall hard for the Samsung Galaxy
S7 Edge.

l Beauty and brains

When its predecessor, the Galaxy S6 Edge, was launched last year, I declared it
the most beautiful phone in the world. That title now goes to the S7 Edge which
is, if possible, even more stunning.

It now also feels great in the hand, thanks to the design wizards at Samsung
smoothing out the sharp edges and adding a subtle but reassuringly palm-fitting
curve to the back.

This goes beyond aesthetics and ergonomics. Thanks to the extra space afforded
by the rear curve, there's room to squeeze in new components that make the S7
Edge arguably the most powerful smartphone on the market, starting with...

l A bigger battery

One of the big disappointments of the S6 line was its battery life.

The S7 line is endowed with bigger, better batteries. The S7 comes with a 3
000mAh battery, up from the S6's 2 550mAh, while the S7 Edge boasts a beefy 3
600mAh battery, a full 1 000mAh bigger than the one in last year's Edge.

I battled to get through a busy work day with its predecessor, but the S7 Edge
easily achieved this with enough juice to spare for watching videos and browsing
the web well into the wee hours - a delightful experience thanks to the 5.5-inch
quad HD super amoled display.

l Expandable storage

Another feature absent in the S6 that makes a welcome return in the S7 is the
Micro SD card slot.

The Edge comes with either 32GB or 64GB of onboard storage (the 32GB version is
the one most widely available in SA).

Thanks to the SD card slot, that's now expandable by up to 200GB (the size of
the biggest cards on the market).

l Water and dust-proof

One of the things I really liked about Samsung's long-discontinued Galaxy S5 was
its water resistance.

Although its ingress protection level of IP67 meant it was only guaranteed to
guard against brief immersion, it was enough to save the phone from a temporary
dunking like a drop in the loo or a poolside fumble.

I wasn't alone in my disappointment when Samsung removed even this mild level of
protection with the S6 line. But now it's back and better than ever.

With an IP68 rating, the S7 and S7 Edge are now both totally dust tight and will
withstand submersion in 1.5m of water for 30 minutes.

Impressively, Samsung's managed to achieve this level of protection without
having to resort to fiddly flaps to cover the charging port and headphone jack.

l Better low-light pictures

Samsung's done an at-first-glance puzzling thing with the main camera on the S7
range, dropping the megapixel count from 16MP on the S6 to 12MP. It's billed
this as an upgrade because they've upped the pixel size, allowing more light
into each snap.

Daytime pics were crisp and clear, if not quite as detailed when zoomed in close
as those snapped with the older S6.

But low light pics were a revelation, rich, warm and surprisingly clear in
conditions that produced only fuzzy smudges from the selection of high-end
competitors I compared them with, thanks to the wide f/1.7 aperture lens.

The 5MP front-facing has the same lens, so selfie fans can snap on well into the
night.

l Virtual reality

If you were one of the thousands who ordered the S7 or S7 Edge before March 20,
you'll have received a free GearVR virtual reality headset. If not, buy one for
around R1 600.

Unlike the more expensive Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, which need to be paired with
a PC, to use the GearVR you simply slot a recent model, high-end Samsung
smartphone into the headset.

For now these are the S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge+ and Note 5, although
Samsung has hinted it may soon bring some of its more affordable phones into the
VR fold.

There's already a good selection of video content and games available with more
being added all the time, including the cult open world game, Minecraft.

A few niggles

All smartphones, however impressive, have their flaws and the S7 Edge is no
exception. While the curved glass screen makes it beautiful to behold, it made
the phone a little tricky to use one-handed. I regularly found myself touching
the screen accidentally with my palm while shifting my grip and activating one
feature |or another, a minor irritation but it's there.

More serious are reports I've had from various people, fellow tech journalists
among them, that the S7 Edge, with curved glass back and front, is prone to
cracks, even from relatively minor drops. My advice would be to buy a cover,
though it seems a real pity to hide something as pretty as this away.

It's pricey, around R16 000 on prepaid, but then so are other high-end handsets
thanks to our battered rand.

These quibbles aside, if you're in the market for a premium smartphone and
nothing but the best will do, both in terms of looks and performance, look no
further than the S7 Edge.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

