

?Trying to think what to ask Santa or the missus for this Christmas? Here are
some of the latest goodies to come on the tech and gadget market.

? Power bank - Endure A2, £25 We all love our smartphones. The problem, though,
with being emotionally attached to them is that it eats up battery life.

We've all been there. Well, this accessory is a haven for people who are
hopelessly addicted to Snapchat. It's the real deal, too: performance, size and
capacity means that slipping this sleek device into your jeans pocket could be
the answer to your battery woes.

? Fitbit Charge HR, £119 Wearable tech is in right now, whether you like it or
not. The Fitbit Surge is the perfect gadget for performance-obsessed fitness
freaks, allowing you to track your progress, one run at a time. With a
comfortable watch-like clasp and a heart-rate monitor, this stylish gadget is
the only thing missing from your daily fitness routine.

? Fuji film Instax Share SP-1, £140 The 21st century: the death of the physical
photograph? Perhaps, but it doesn't have to be. With people glued to their
phones and sharing photos digitally over Facebook and Instagram, hard copies of
photographs have become something of a rarity.

However, the Fujifilm Instax Share SP-1 allows you to bypass using a traditional
printer and print Polaroid-style images directly from your phone.

? Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, £419-469 There's no two ways about it: the Galaxy S7
Edge is the best phone on the market. In terms of design, performance and
screen, the S7 Edge is unbeatable. Yes, the price is hefty - but this is a phone
you'll be itching to show off. Refined, sophisticated and highly desirable with
an ultra-powerful spec - this is the phone that is giving Apple manufacturers
sleepless nights.

n ? Nintendo NES Mini, £49.99 Retro gamers behold! Nintendo is bringing back the
NES - only more petite. With 30 games built-in, this delightful, nostalgic cube
connects to your TV via HDMI, while its controller mirrors the iconic design of
the rectangular NES gamepad. Built-in games include Donkey Kong, Super Mario
Bros and The Legend of Zelda. Games night sorted.

? Momentum 2.0 IEi Headphones, £78.95 Consider your quest to cancel out annoying
noise on public transport over. Sennheiser are heavyweights when it comes to
in-ear headphones and they live up to the billing here. They boast not only
crystal clear sound but a smartly designed earbud that adjusts the angle of
degrees they sit in your ear, meaning you can have them in for hours without
even noticing. Craftsmanship and comfort combined for the ultimate earphone.

? Playstation VR, £349.99 After two years of tantalising build-up and previews,
Sony's entry into virtual reality is finally here. While it may not be the most
affordable gadget on the market, this high-end, immersive experience is set to
take the gaming world by storm. With a comfortable headset, a thrilling
collection of games and an excellent interface, this is must-have for gamers and
tech freaks alike.

? Garmin fenix Chronos, £849.99 This latest watch from Garmin will see you from
the office to the mountain top whether you want to know what time it is or what
your heart rate is at any time of the day or night.

This smart timepiece has built in GPS and advanced fitness metrics so you can
track your recovery time after a workout. All that aside, it receives alerts
from your smartphone so you don't even need to worry about getting your phone
out in the middle of a workout.

