

Samsung Electronics has presented its much touted flagship devices-the Galaxy S7
and Galaxy S7 Edge. Both the smartphones feature a thinner bezel. The Galaxy S7
Edge uses a 5.5 inch AMOLED display and the Galaxy S7, a 5.1 inch display.
Equipped with IP68 splash and dust resistance, both the devices can continue
functioning while submerged in water at a depth of one meter and half.



These smartphones also incorporate a dual pixel camera. Due to the dual pixel
technology, they can autofocus accurately even in low-light conditions. The
devices also incorporate a new camera mode Motion Panorama which gives movement
to traditional panoramic pictures, providing for a complete immersive visual
experience.

The Galaxy S7 and S7 edge use a battery of 3000 mAh and 3600 mAh respectively.
Introducing the new devices, Manu Sharma, Director, Mobile Business, Samsung
India Electronics said,"Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will offer consumers the ultimate
smartphone experience that sets new benchmarks in the global mobile space, with
cuttingedge design and extraordinary performance. Innovations such as dual pixel
technology in Galaxy S7 & Galaxy S7 edge camera delivers brighter and sharper
images even in low light, and Samsung Concierge offers a personalised experience
for users."

Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are available at a price of Rs.48,900
(32GB) and Rs.56,900 (32GB) respectively. Both the smartphones are available in
three colours Black Onyx, Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium. Samsung is also
offering multiple accessories such as Clear cover, Battery pack, Flip wallet,
LED view cover, S View cover and a wireless charger stand on purchase of these
new smartphones.

