

Samsung has released an official image gallery of Galaxy Note 7, so we'd like
you to check it out right here

With Galaxy Note 7 officially here, Samsung has done us all a favor by showing
off all of the different color models from its official image gallery. We'd
appreciate it if you took out the time and effort and viewed the different
smartphone models from a varied set of angles.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery


From the hardware side, Samsung pointed out during the official announcement
that the company's designers and engineers were having difficulty in creating a
curved edge screen for users that would allow them to take advantage of the
S-Pen accessory as well as give them plenty of room to play around the display
with their fingers.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

With careful precision, the dual curved edge came into being on a Galaxy Note 7
and its Super AMOLED QHD display is probably going to be the best display on
smartphones for 2016. The phablet does not come with 6GB of RAM as we were all
led to believe. The smartphone comes with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM. A large amount of
RAM will definitely consume more battery life so it's a good thing that Samsung
kept its hand away for making upgrades that the average consumer would probably
not take advantage of.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery


With 4GB RAM and an abundant number of software improvements, we are certain
that the company could leap huge distances with its Galaxy Note 7 the same way
it has with its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. There is a 3,500mAh battery
present, which is slightly smaller than the 3,600mAh capacity present in the
edge version of Galaxy S7, but it's still bigger than the cell present in Galaxy
Note 5. There isn't a dual rear camera present, but you still get the capable
12MP camera with an f/1.7 aperture.

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery

Gallery


Like its predecessors announced earlier this year, Galaxy Note 7 too is going to
be announced in two chipset versions: Exynos 8890 and Snapdragon 820. The actual
release date of the smartphone is going to be August 19, and it is speculated
that the unlocked price tag of the smartphone will range between the $849-$949
mark. Do tell us if you enjoyed the official Galaxy Note 7 gallery or not.

