
ABSTRACT

Unlike its rival iPhone, Samsung burdens its devices with carrier bloatware and
inferior apps, but this is easily remedied.

FULL TEXT

Pity the poor Samsung smartphone.

Since the company's Galaxy smartphones were introduced seven years ago, Samsung
has tried its mightiest to make the devices stand out. The company has invested
an enormous amount to market the phones, and it has innovated on Google's
Android operating system used in the devices by adding quirky software features.
Many Galaxy phones have sold briskly, catapulting Samsung to the top spot in the
worldwide handset market.

But try as Samsung might, its smartphones always run into the same criticisms.
The gadgets are inferior to Apple's iPhones, which work seamlessly with the iOS
mobile software, some critics say. And while the hardware design of the Galaxy
phones - featuring large, vivid screens and high-quality cameras - wins
plaudits, the devices keep getting thumbs down for some of their junky software.

With two new flagship phones - the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge, which were
released last week - Samsung is hoping to overcome those criticisms. The phones,
which cost roughly $700 to $800, are water-resistant, equipped with fast cameras
and capable of displaying virtual-reality apps and games through Samsung's
headset, the Gear VR. Samsung also loaded the new phones with about a third less
software than previous versions.

''We know that one thing that our users want is a little bit less software, and
we've made a serious effort with this device to include less,'' said Philip
Berne, a Samsung marketing manager.

I tested the new devices to come up with a few rules of thumb for how to get the
most out of Samsung's smartphones. In my tests, I still found the software on
the S7 phones to be a negative for what is otherwise superb hardware.

To get the most out of these fancy phones, consider disabling most of the
included software. Here are four easy steps for improving Samsung phones, which
I put together with the help of Florence Ion, a writer for Greenbot, a website
about Android-based products.

Disable carrier apps  Probably the most annoying aspect of Samsung devices is
their inclusion of inferior apps made by mobile carriers like Verizon Wireless
and AT&T, known in tech industry parlance as carrier bloatware. These include
apps like mapping or music services provided by the carriers, which are
generally unpopular.

Fortunately, most of the carrier-installed apps on Samsung phones can be
disabled. The apps included will differ from carrier to carrier, but generally
bloatware can be turned off and better alternatives downloaded.

Using the Verizon version of the S7 as an example, open the Apps folder and then
open the Verizon folder. Verizon apps one may want to disable include the
football app NFL Mobile, the music app Slacker Radio, the mapping app Verizon
Navigator and the messaging app Message+. Just press and hold down on these apps
and drag them to the button labeled ''Turn off.''

Ms. Ion said carrier-installed software was what annoyed her the most on the
Samsung phones, because it detracts from the appeal of Android, an operating
system made for customization.

''It's all about the ability to have the choice to do whatever the heck you want
with your phone,'' she said of the Android system. ''That's why I get so angry
about carrier bloat.''

After disabling those apps, replace them with better ones. In the Google Play
store, download these superior free apps: for messaging, the Messenger app by
Google; for mapping, the Waze app by Google; and for music, pick a favorite
music service, like Spotify or Pandora.

Install a launcher  On Android, the aesthetic of the interface - or the way the
home screen, folders and apps look - is called a launcher. Samsung's version is
named TouchWiz, and while the S7's version of TouchWiz looks a bit better than
previous ones, there are plenty of more attractive launchers.

Getting a new launcher is just like downloading an app. In the Google Play app
store, look up a launcher, download and install it. Ms. Ion named a few popular
ones like Action, which makes it easy to create shortcuts that activate
different functions inside apps; Nova, which enables deeper customizations; and
Google Now, which makes Android look the way Google intended.

I preferred the Google Now launcher. It makes the app icons look clean and
vibrant, and swiping to the left of the main screen displays a list of cards
with Google account data, including calendar, recent Amazon purchases and the
weather.

Replace some key apps  Apart from carrier apps on Galaxy phones, Samsung also
loads some of its custom-made software, like its calendar, voice assistant and
email app, on the devices. It also includes some software from partners like
Amazon and Google. (The Verizon version of the S7 includes four music apps, one
each from Samsung, Google, Verizon and Amazon.)

The Samsung apps aren't terrible, but because most Android users are tied to
Google services, consumers would benefit from installing the superior
Google-made alternatives for those apps: Google Calendar, Gmail and Google's
voice assistant.

For voice controls, Google's voice assistant is built into the Google app, which
is included on the Samsung phones, and can be configured to respond to ''OK
Google'' from any screen.

To use it, first disable Samsung's voice assistant. Inside the Samsung apps
folder, press and hold on the S Voice app, then select ''Turn off.'' Inside the
Google app, tap the rectangular tab in the upper-left corner, then ''Settings,''
then ''OK Google'' detection and swipe right on the option for ''From any
screen.'' From here, users can say ''OK Google'' and speak a command, like
''create a calendar event,'' and the voice assistant will react.

For email and calendar apps, simply download Google's versions through its Play
app store. They are far better designed and more tightly integrated with Google
services than Samsung's apps.

Swap out the keyboard  In my testing, I found Samsung's digital keyboard to be
imprecise and awkward for typing. There are plenty of better alternatives to
download through the Google Play app store.

Here again I would recommend Google's keyboard, which has auto-prediction, or
the ability to quickly predict intended words after a few keystrokes. It also
allows typing by swiping around the keyboard.

There's a downside to de-Samsungifying the Samsung phones. While most of the
included software from both Samsung and mobile carriers can be deactivated, some
apps cannot be removed without taking extreme measures to wipe out all the
software on the phone and replace it with a fresh install of Android, a method
called rooting or flashing. That process is not for the faint of heart.

That means a lot of apps included on the Samsung phones will linger inside
folders even after alternatives have been installed. Duplicates of some apps
will probably remain.

But the Samsung software is easy enough to ignore by creating shortcuts to what
you actually want. In the main apps folder, just drag and drop desired apps onto
the home screen. In the end, you will have a great Samsung phone with excellent
software.

