

Samsung Electronics posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit after the
early release of Galaxy S7 smartphones gave it a head start on Apple and Chinese
rivals and helped counter an industry downturn.

Operating income rose to 6.6 trillion won (R86 billion) in the three months
ended March, the company said in preliminary results released yesterday. That
compares with the 5.53 trillion won average of analysts' estimates compiled by
Bloomberg.

Samsung debuted its high-end smartphones in March, about a month earlier than
last year, with sales of the S7 line-up estimated to have hit 9 million units
during their first month - triple those of the S6 in the same time frame.
Production of curved displays for its Edge version went more smoothly this time,
avoiding the hiccups that plagued last year's wraparound screen line.

"The biggest reason for the sharply improved profitability is largely due to
much lower marketing spending," Yoo Eui Hyung, an analyst at Dongbu Securities
in Seoul, said. "The faster release surely helped but it's dubious whether the
S7 can continue to surprise the market in the longer run."

Shares rose 0.6 percent to 1.29 million won as of 9.02am in Seoul, extending
this year's advance to 2.6 percent. The stock declined for a third consecutive
year in 2015.

Sales were 49 trillion won in the quarter, Samsung said, compared with the 48.8
trillion won analysts expected.

Most of Samsung's revenue was in phones. However, smartphone sales in 2016 were
expected to rise by a single-digit percentage for the first time, according to
Gartner.

Operating profit at the mobile unit probably rose 19 percent to 3.25 trillion
won in the first quarter, according to the median estimate of six analysts
surveyed. The popularity of the S7, as well as a refreshed portfolio of cheaper
Galaxy models, such as the A and J series, have given the division's earnings a
shot in the arm.

Cost cutting

Samsung is continuing to reduce the number of phones in its line-up as it tries
to cut spending and focus on competitive devices. Total smartphone shipments for
the first three months were estimated at 78 million, compared with 82 million
units during the peak holiday quarter, according to four analysts surveyed by
Bloomberg.

Operating income at the semiconductor business probably fell about 15 percent to
2.5 trillion won in the first quarter on sales of 11.5 trillion won, according
to the analyst survey. The S7's introduction did little to boost earnings at
that unit because it came with few significant chip upgrades.

The unit had been Samsung's main driver of profit since 2014, when it began
shifting its focus toward chips and displays to offset declining phones and TVs.
But persistent price declines mean it may have again been surpassed by the
cellphone business.

To revive margins, the Galaxy maker started mass production of more advanced
dynamic random access memory (DRAM) from February. Its new process shrinks
circuit widths, which reduces the size of the chip, to produce more from each
slice of silicon wafer and boost profit.

The company's display division probably posted an operating loss of 160 billion
won, according to the Bloomberg survey. The slower-than-expected pace, at which
Samsung was moving to advanced LCD production technologies, was also hurting the
business.

Foxconn Technology Group's takeover of Sharp might take a toll on South Korean
display makers in the longer haul. The Taiwanese group agreed to take control of
Sharp, intensifying competition in a Samsung-led market. - Bloomberg

