

Apple will release an iPhone with a curved organic light-emitting diode (OLED)
display, similar to Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge model, it has been reported.

The Californian company will launch three models in 2017; one sized at
4.7-inches and two measuring 5.5-inches - one of which will sport a display
which curves down over its sides, according to the Nikkei Asian Review .

The other two devices will have regular flat screens like past iPhone models,
the source added.

This is not the first time a curved iPhone has been rumoured. Artist Martin
Hajek created these concept images ahead of the iPhone 6 launch, based on
similar rumours at the time.

Nikkei Technology Online has previously reported that Apple met with LG and
Samsung to discuss increasing OLED screen production ahead of September 2017 -
the date the theoretical iPhone 7s is likely to be released.

Both LG and Samsung are among Apple's suppliers.

OLED displays use less power and are generally brighter than their LED
counterparts.

Samsung is currently the only manufacturer to take advantage of an OLED
display's flexibility, starting with the curved sides of the Galaxy Note Edge in
early 2015 and continuing with this year's Galaxy S7 Edge.

Apple recently sold its one billionth iPhone, but has struggled in recent months
as the company's iPhone sales - which account for around two-thirds of the
company's overall sales - have fallen.

In July it announced sales of its smartphone were down 15% during its third
financial quarter, and forecast they would fall again during the fourth.

Introducing a new iPhone with a physical difference from its predecessors could
help to reignite consumer interest in the smartphone.

The last radical hardware change was the introduction of the larger iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, a full 0.7-inches and 1.5-inches larger than the previous iPhone
5, which measured 4-inches.

The larger sizes proved such a hit with customers the company posted the biggest
profits ever reported by a company, selling a record 74.5 million iPhones in
three months, the equivalent of 34,000 units per hour.

Apple is due to reveal the much-anticipated iPhone 7 in the next few weeks.

Rumours suggest the new model could do away with both the physical home button
and headphone jack.

