

Ntel, which recently launched with the most advanced 4G/LTE broadband
technology, has announced its network's compatibility with two high-quality
devices, the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

According to ntel, following months of compatibility tests, its network is now
compatible with Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge making it possible for owners and
users of the devices to call and browse at superfast speeds on the ntel network.

With this feat, ntel becomes the first 4G/LTE provider in Africa to achieve
device and network compatibility that will enable VoLTE capable calls,

ntel's network supports crystal-clear HD Voice calling (VoLTE), as well as key
LTE-Advanced features: Carrier Aggregation (CA); and Multiple In, Multiple Out
(MIMO) Antennae technology. These features combine to enable downlink data
speeds of up to 230Megabits per second and are both supported on Samsung Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge devices.

Speaking on the new development, the CEO of ntel, Mr. Kamar Abass, said:
"Samsung is the leader in the Nigerian smart phone market and news of the Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge compatibility with our 4G/LTE Advanced network is fantastic news
for our customers who have been eagerly waiting to use their high-end Samsung
devices on our network. As Nigeria's first pure-play 4G/LTE-Advanced network,
ntel is committed to ensuring its customers have the widest possible range of
devices to choose from."

The Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge devices are top of the range devices from Samsung with
enhanced design, high-quality cameras, water resistance, wireless charging, and
connectivity to an unparalleled galaxy of services, products and experiences.

Director and Business Leader, Information Technology and Mobile, Samsung
Electronics West Africa, Mr. Emmanouil Revmatas, expressed delight at the
partnership with ntel while adding that Samsung will continue to defy boundaries
of engineering to perfect the user experience through innovative designs and
envelope-pushing solutions as exemplified by the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

"Samsung is very particular about its customers' mobile experience and committed
to ensuring that users get the best of their mobile devices. The S7 and S7 Edge
smartphones were designed to usher consumers into a whole new galaxy with
impeccable features," Revmatas said.

"We have further cemented our brand's promise with this partnership that allows
users make calls and browse at super fast speeds without interruption. This is
definitely a great value added experience," Revmatas added.

With a sleek, curved-glass back and slim ergonomic body, the Galaxy S7 and
Galaxy S7 edge are easy to hold in one hand and fit in your pocket or purse.

