

The highly anticipated launch of Reliance Jio 4G services is just around the
corner (expected to be launched on August 15th). As India embraces the
commercial launch of the services of the world's largest start-up, we have some
good news for you. Reliance Jio is planning to offer free Jio 4G SIM to anyone
who purchases smartphone costing Rs. 10,000 and above.

Earlier, Jio connections were available on an invite basis only to the friends
and families of Jio's employees. The company later offered this to anyone who
registered interest in testing their 4G network on Jio's website. All those
testers had to buy LFY smartphones to use Jio 4G free for 90 days under the 'Jio
Preview' offer.

Under this preview offer, the users were offered unlimited 4G data, unlimited
video calls and SMS, 4500 minutes of voice calls, and free access to Jio's
premium services ranging from cloud storage to security to media streaming and
live TV.

Recently, this preview offer was extended to users having select Samsung
smartphones including Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6
edge, Galaxy S6 edge Plus, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy Note 5 / Note 5 Duos, Galaxy
Note 4 Galaxy A8, Galaxy A5 2015 and A5 2016 and Galaxy A7 2015 and A7 2016.

Jio also extended the Jio Preview offer to HP users who were offered to buy
'JioFi 2' hotspot device at a subsidized price of just Rs. 2,899.

According to a latest report, Jio would be offering free Jio SIM (under Jio
Preview Offer) to all who buy new smartphones costing above Rs. 10,000. This
offer would be made available around this weekend, near the expected commercial
launch of Jio 4G.

"We have news from our sources that a Jio SIM can soon be availed by anyone with
a new smartphone costing over Rs 10,000. The offer will be available around the
weekend leading to Independence Day. The other perks of the preview offer may
still be applicable for the new SIM where users can access unlimited data and
calls for 90 days," reports Aditya Shenoy of Pricebaba.com.

It is not clear whether the phone need to be specifically purchased from
Reliance Digital Stores or not. However, we think, it might be valid on new
mobile purchases only in Reliance Digital Stores.

LYF Smartphone Users Can Now Use Their Jio SIM On Any Device

It has been reported that Jio 4G SIM bundled with LYF smartphones are locked to
the device only for a period of 90 days. This means if you have been using a LYF
smartphone for more than 90 days, then you would be able to use your Jio SIM on
any device of your choice now.

Well, these is all about Jio that we have at the moment. Stay tuned on Trak.in
for updates.

