
DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, March 10 -- Samsung Electronics Nepal on Wednesday launched the
Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and the Galaxy S7, the newest additions to the Galaxy
family of smartphones amid a function

The newly launched Galaxy phones have a sleek design with powerful performance
including advanced camera features, water resistant technology and external
memory, the company said.

"We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient and more fun,"
said Pranaya Ratna Sthapit, head HHP division, Samsung Electronics Nepal.

"We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 edge and Galaxy S7 by
marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience."

The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is priced at Rs88,900 while the Samsung Galaxy S7
costs Rs77,900. Both the phones will be available in the Nepali market from
mid-March, according to the company. Samsung Electronic Nepal has launched a
pre-booking offer starting March 10 under which everyone placing an advance
order will get a leather bag worth Rs20,000 or a Samsung gear worth Rs13,900
free, the company said.

Both the phones have Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system and dual pixel
camera delivering brighter and sharper images, even in low light.

The smartphone distributor claims that dual pixel technology allows a brighter
lens with a wider aperture, bigger pixel, faster shutter speed and more accurate
autofocus even in low light. The 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 and the 5.5-inch Galaxy S7
edge are constructed with 3D glass and metal-all in a sleek design with
durability and ergonomic curves for a comfortable grip.

Both the phones deliver fast wired and wireless charging technology, the company
said. Additionally, the hybrid SIM card tray allows users to insert a micro SD
card for up to 200 GB of additional storage.

According to the company, it has also made significant hardware and software
updates to optimize gaming performance on the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 edge.

The powerful processor and bigger battery capacity ensure longer playing time,
and the internal cooling system keeps the device from overheating.

Game launcher, a new add-on for game lovers, allows users to manage battery
consumption and minimize notifications. Additionally, users can record their
gaming experience or share their screen to play with others.

Published: 10-03-2016 08:54

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

