

Samsung Electronics India will take a potential revenue hit of about '420 crore
this quarter because of its decision to kill its marquee Galaxy Note7 phone
after it failed to fix the manufacturing flaw that was causing the device to
catch fire.

The Korean company had estimated that it will sell around 70,000 units of Note 7
during the quarter, while it had plans to give a stretch target of a lakh units
to its India sales team to take on Apple's new iPhones, said two people aware of
the development.

The Indian team has calculated and updated the potential revenue loss to its
headquarters after taking stock of the demise of Note 7. Samsung India may also
revive its earlier Note series flagship, Galaxy Note 5, later this quarter to
salvage some of the losses and not leave the field entirely open for Apple's
iPhone7 or even the Google Pixel which is due to be launched later this week.

Samsung had recently discontinued Note 5 model to focus on the Note 7, one of
the persons said. Additional focus will be also given on the Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge models.

When contacted, a Samsung India spokesperson declined to comment on the sales
target.

He said Samsung India has a robust range of mobile phones across categories and
the company is headed for record sales of handsets in India this year.

Globally, Samsung has cut its operating

profit guidance by 33% ($2.3 billion) for the last three months because of the
Note7 fiasco. Analysts say the decision to scrap the device could end up costing
up to $17billion.

Samsung India was all ready to start manufacturing Note 7 in India in its Noida
plant with the aim of launching the device just ahead of Diwali, almost 45 days
later than the originally scheduled launch which had gotten pushed back due to
safety worries.

The company is now planning to offer the Galaxy S7 Edge to the approximate
20,000 Note 7 pre-booked customers in India, or an option to return their money.
It will also relaunch the Note 5 at an aggressive price point.

Since the next flagship will be launched

only around March 2017, Samsung India is going to revive the Note 5 to rebuild
it premium portfolio, since at the moment Apple has a complete free-run,\x93 one
of the persons quoted earlier said.

Meanwhile, Apple has ensured there is enough supplies of its latest iPhone7 and
7Plus in the Indian market unlike earlier years when it had to grapple with
supply issues. Retailers said the maximum demand has been for the pricier iPhone
7 Plus model which sells upwards of '72,000 due to additional features such as
dual camera and availability in the jet black colour.

\x93Apple has ensured availability of sufficient stocks since it wants to make
the most of Note 7's absence. In fact, iPhone supplies are still not steady in
tier II and III cities, but Apple will now beef up stock there as well. Around
40% of the sales is that of iPhone 7 Plus compared with 15-20% earlier for the
pricier variant,\x93 said the CEO of a leading cellphone retail store.

However, retailers say the recall of Note 7 has not dented Samsung's other
smartphone model sales in India as yet.The company had worked around the issue
by launching a newer model every 1012 days and also ensuring that there was no
discount on its models during the just finished online discount sales.

