

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

The home screen on a Samsung Electronics Co Galaxy Note 7 smartphone is
displayed during a demonstration in London, UK, July 29, 2016.[Photo/VCG]

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a new Galaxy Note smartphone
with a curved screen and iris-recognition technology, seeking to build on the
sales momentum that has helped it roar back to surging profit growth.

Samsung, the world's top smartphone maker, saw its January-June mobile profit
jump 49 percent from a year earlier, thanks to robust sales of its flagship
Galaxy S7 devices as well as a line-up overhaul that ditched unpopular models
for fewer but more attractive new mid-to-low tier products.

Iris-scanning technology using an infra-red camera is demonstrated on a Samsung
Electronics Co Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in London, UK, July 29, 2016.
[Photo/VCG]

The South Korean firm is betting the new big-screen device - the Galaxy Note 7 -
will help sustain its mobile business revival through the second half, though
new launches from rivals like Apple Inc will likely steal some of the thunder.

Samsung is using a 5.7-inch, curved screen display for the Galaxy Note 7. The
new device employs a similar design to the Galaxy S series, but offers a larger
screen and functions involving a pen accessory. Grip on the device was also
improved to make it easier to be used with one hand.

The firm didn't disclose pricing, but said sales will begin in a first group of
markets on Aug. 19 without saying exactly where.

A color blending feature of the Galaxy Note 7 is demonstrated in New York, July
28, 2016. [Photo/IC]

The new smartphone is a successor to last year's flat-screen Galaxy Note 5, but
the firm opted to skip a digit and give it the number 7 to make numbering
consistent with the latest version of the Galaxy S which began selling in March.

Researcher Strategy Analytics said the curved-screen Galaxy S7 edge was the
world's best-selling Android smartphone during the first half of this year.
Samsung hopes the new curved-screen Note phone will enjoy a similar appeal.

Jonathan Wong of Samsung's Knox Product Marketing, shows the iris scanner
feature of the Galaxy Note 7, in New York, July 28, 2016. [Photo/IC]

The Note 7 also features an iris scanner, allowing users to unlock the device
through the recognition of their eyes - the first such application for a Samsung
smartphone. The firm earlier this year announced a tablet device with the
feature for India.

The Galaxy Note 7 will also be compatible with Samsung Pay, a mobile payments
service that competes with Apple Pay, among others, which Samsung hopes will
help boost margins for its devices and set its products apart from other Android
phones.

Samsung also unveiled a new version of its Gear VR virtual reality headset with
upgraded features such as improved viewing angles. Company executives say
promotional activities pairing a VR device with the Galaxy S7 phones helped
boost sales this year.

The Galaxy Note 7, foreground, is displayed in New York, July 28, 2016.
[Photo/IC]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/147020779215.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba69d19.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/28/147020779262.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba69d18.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/55/147020779313.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba73323.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/72/147020779631.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba72722.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/147020779684.jpg

b083fe955b6c190ba74b24.jpg

