

[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics has narrowed its operating profit margin gap
with archrival Apple, with the figure reducing to the lowest-ever 7.62 percent
in the second quarter.

This is the first time that the gap has narrowed to a single-digit percentage
point between the world's top two smartphone-makers.

Koh Dong-jin, chief of Samsung Electronics' mobile business unit, holding Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge phones.

Samsung Electronics

According to its earnings guidance, Samsung posted 8.1 trillion won in operating
profit and 50 trillion won in revenue in the April-July period. The operating
profit margin stood at 16.2 percent, the highest since the third quarter of 2013
when the company recorded 17.2 percent.

Samsung, which will announce its second-quarter earnings on July 28, improved
profits largely due to the upbeat sales of its latest flagship smartphone Galaxy
S7 and its Edge variant. About 26 million units of the phones are estimated to
have been sold since its March launch.

Apple's profit margin still outpaces that of Samsung but the figure has
continued to decline in recent years.

In the second quarter, Apple's operating profit margin stood at 23.82 percent,
down from 27.67 percent in the first quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the
figure was a whopping 31.86 percent, more than triple 11.52 percent of Samsung.

Feeling the pinch from stiffer competition in the saturated market, Apple logged
US$10.5 billion in operating income and $42.4 billion in revenue, down 28
percent and 15 percent from a year ago, respectively.

The company especially saw the biggest sales drop in China where its device
sales plunged 29 percent, while its US and European sales fell 6 percent and 16
percent, respectively.

Industry watchers say Apple's upcoming new iPhone launch, possibly in September,
may not be able to shift the downward trend.

"The new iPhone is expected to have no distinct change from its predecessor
iPhone 6S," said Kwon Sung-ryul, an analyst at Dongbu Securities.

He said the larger variant of the new phone, presumably the iPhone 7 Plus,
featuring a dual-lens camera and a large memory capacity, could give a boost in
overall device sales.

By Kim Young-won (

