

Technology bloggers and market analysts are always interested in the information
that continues making rounds online regarding newest smartphone models under
development at major technology companies. Interesting details have been
unveiled about the Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced. It is said that the
unannounced tablet is expected to have a 10-inch display with a resolution of
1,280 x 800 pixels.

As per rumors, there will be an octa-core processor and 2GB of RAM. Also, the
tablet will have the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. Samsung's
offering is expected to come with 32 GB of on-board storage.

For users finding 32GB storage as less, there will be an option to expand the
storage capacity of the tablet. The Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced may also have
5-megapixel rear-facing and 2-megapixel front-facing cameras. It is also said
that the features, including autofocus, flash, and face detection that were not
present in the Galaxy Tab 4, will be present in the Advanced model.

The tablet is estimated to measure 243.4 x 176.4 x 7.9 mm and weigh 487 g.
Customers can expand the storage to up to 128 GB with a microSD card. Images
have been leaked of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced and if they are true then
it is just a modest jump from its predecessor.

After going through the specifications, customers should hope that the Samsung
tablet will be available at a pocket-friendly price. Samsung is yet to confirm
any details about Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced.

"The moment came when I picked up my S7 off the glass coffee table where it had
been sitting. I can't say exactly how it happened, but the combination of me
stretching across the sofa, a poor finger-and-thumb grip, and the S7's slippery
curved front glass meant that, at about 10 inches above the table, it fell out
of my hand," according to a news report published by Tech Spot.

When the glass edge of the phone collided with the glass of the table I
initially didn't panic. It was, after all, a small fall. I'd already watched
YouTube video showing that while the S7 wasn't exactly durable, it can survive
drops from a much greater height. The caveat being, unfortunately, that the
device is very vulnerable if its edge hits a surface at a certain angle, which,
as my luck would have it, is exactly the way mine landed.

According to a report in Tech Times by Sumit Passary, "A Tech Times report
suggested that the Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced tablet was spotted at GFXBench with
model number SM-T536. The report highlighted that the unannounced tablet is
expected to sports a 10-inch display with a resolution of 1,280 x 800 pixels."

Rumors have also indicated that an octa-core processor and 2 GB of RAM will
power the Galaxy Tab 4 Advanced and the tablet will come running on the latest
Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. The Samsung offering is expected to
come with 32 GB of on-board storage. Some tablet enthusiasts may not find the
storage sufficient and Samsung may address the issue with a microSD card slot,
which can be used for expanding the storage capacity of the tablet.

A report published in Androidcentral informed, "Samsung has launched the Galaxy
J5 2016 and the Galaxy J7 2016 in India. The Galaxy J5 is available in the
country for ?13,990, with the Galaxy J7 debuting at ?15,990. Both come with
Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out of the box, offer 13MP cameras at the back and 5MP
front shooters, and feature a metal frame around the sides. The phones will be
up for sale starting later today on Flipkart."

The Galaxy J5 2016 offers a 5.2-inch 720p Super AMOLED display, 1.2GHz quad-core
Snapdragon 410 SoC, 2GB of RAM, 16GB internal memory, microSD slot (up to
128GB), and a 3100mAh battery. The Galaxy J7 2016 comes with a larger 5.5-inch
720p display, and is powered by a 1.6GHz octa-core Exynos 7870 SoC with 3GB of
RAM and 16GB storage along with a 3300mAh battery. The phones also come with LTE
connectivity, and feature the S Bike Mode that debuted on the Galaxy J3.

