

Samsung, a major Rio 2016 sponsor, came to Brazil this month bearing gifts: an
Olympic-themed smartphone for every athlete at the Games. Most delegations
accepted the Galaxy S7 Edge phones - decorated with the Olympic rings and
Gamescentric wallpapers - without second thought.

But not North Korea. The country's Olympic committee reportedly withheld the
complimentary S7s from its 31 Olympians, preventing them from displaying the
North Korean flag on the phone's "flag app" during the Games' opening ceremony
on Aug. 5. "(The athletes) can use the entire screen of the S7 to become a
flag," Pio Schunker, a Samsung marketing official, told the Associated Press
before the opening ceremony. "They will be waving (their) national flag through
the S7."

North Korea, though, may have been suspicious of Samsung's intentions, according
to a report from Radio Free Asia. An International Olympic Committee
spokesperson said a North Korean manager confiscated the phones from a Samsung
Olympic office - possibly, they said, to stop the country's Olympians from
visiting the office, where Samsung, a South Korean company, was showcasing more
of its electronics.

"Smartphones would ... raise the suspicions of a North Korean government that
takes great pains to control citizens' contact with the outside world," RFA
wrote.

Samsung confirmed the North Korean manager took the delegation's allotment of
phones. Rio 2016 organizers identified the manager as Yoon Sungbum, but couldn't
say whether or not they were eventually distributed to the athletes.

Kim Song I, a North Korean table tennis player, reportedly shook her head
wordlessly when asked by RFA last week if she had been given one of the Samsung
phones.

South Korean Olympians that have competed against North Korea before told RFA
that the country's confiscation act isn't new; they said North Korean offi-cials
regularly seize gifts their athletes are meant to receive at world events.

North Korea has sent athletes to every Summer Games since 1972, except for two:
the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and 1988 in Seoul. !@COPYRIGHT=Â© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

