
ABSTRACT

The Gear 360, which records 360-degree videos, will go on sale later this year.
The company also announced two new Galaxy smartphones.

FULL TEXT

With competition continuing to heat up in the handset market, Samsung
Electronics is relying heavily on virtual reality to help distinguish its
smartphones.

The South Korean manufacturer, which is the world's largest phone maker by
units, announced on Sunday two new Galaxy smartphones along with the Gear 360, a
camera for recording virtual reality videos. The company made the announcements
at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain.

The Gear 360 accompanies Samsung's Gear VR, the virtual reality headset that the
company developed with the Facebook unit Oculus, which was released in November.
The Gear 360 has two cameras to allow consumers to shoot 360-degree videos. The
videos can then be viewed through the Gear VR, which works only with Samsung
Galaxy phones.

As for the phones - the Galaxy S7, with a 5.1-inch screen, and the Galaxy S7
Edge, with a 5.5-inch curved screen - there isn't much new about them. The
devices are water-resistant up to five feet deep, and their cameras have been
improved to autofocus on images faster.

With the lack of new phone features, Samsung is betting hard on virtual reality
to help maintain its lead.

''Samsung continues to push the boundaries of the mobile experience to extend
beyond the smartphone,'' D.J. Koh, a Samsung executive, said in a statement.

In the fourth quarter of last year, Samsung had 21.4 percent of the smartphone
market, followed by Apple, with 18.7 percent, according to the research firm
IDC. Notably, the Chinese phone maker Huawei increased unit sales by more than a
third, to grab 8.1 percent market share.

''Usually, the conversation in the smartphone market revolves around Samsung and
Apple, but Huawei's strong showing for both the quarter and the year speak to
how much it has grown as an international brand,'' Melissa Chau, a research
manager for IDC, said in a statement.

Samsung did not reveal price details on the new products. The phones will be
released on March 11 in the United States, and the Gear 360 will be available
later this year.

