

Even as Samsung has promptly recalled its flagship Galaxy Note 7 just two week
after reports emerged that the phone's batteries were fire-prone, the bigger
question now is how this would impact the South Korean consumer electronics
conglomerate, both in terms of brand and business as sales are halted in 10
markets. As Samsung has set out to mass recall all Note 7s, (approximately more
than 1.5 million units) since the launch on August 19, analysts said it could
potentially cost Samsung billions in dollars, but is unlikely to have much
impact on the brand reputation. "As of September 1, 35 cases have been reported
globally and we are currently conducting a thorough inspection with our
suppliers to identify possible affected batteries in the market," said Samsung
in a statement as it delayed the India launch.

The official launch in India was scheduled on September 2. According to sources,
close to 20,000 people have pre-booked the phone and Samsung is now expected to
launch the phablet in India within 2-3 weeks with first priority towards
pre-booking customers. "Postponing a launch always generates negative reviews
and Samsung's loss is someone else's gain. The loss of volume to an extent is
irrecoverable. But overall at the brand imagery level, I don't think Samsung
will suffer too much. Because no mobile phone company has been devoid of
problems of these kinds," said Harish Bijoor, chief executive officer of brand
and business strategy firm, Harish Bijoor Consults. "For Samsung, it is not much
a brand hit, as it is a commercial/financial hit in terms of volume," he added.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 had raving reviews and was considered the king of phablets
with pre-orders far exceeding estimates. "There is growth momentum that Galaxy
S7 and S7 edge have handed over to Samsung. The S7 has been globally very
successful and Note 7 is expected to further boost the momentum in Samsung's
favour. But the battery issue can now give competitors a leg-up," said Tarun
Pathak, senior analyst, Counterpoint Research.

There is no doubt that Samsung has lost the critical window of opportunity given
that most of the premium launches are scheduled in the second half. Also, second
half of the year is the peak season for telecom in terms of equipment purchase
and handset purchases.

"The timing of the recall from competition perspective is crucial as iPhone 7 is
set to debut this week. The competition can try to take advantage of it like we
saw in the case of iPhone 6 Plus bendgate," said Pathak. "The best Samsung can
do in this situation is to be very transparent in their communication and
marketing," he added.

Suhel Seth, managing partner, Counselage India, a strategic brand marketing
advisory, said, "The recall is due to the faulty battery and neither the
operating system or design. Battery in any smartphone is the most commoditised
feature of that phone. It won't have any impact on the brand as it has taken
proactive measure which sends out a very positive signal."

With iPhone 7 expected to reach India in October, Samsung India still has a
month's time to change the perception. But the premium consumer is very finicky
and is driven by perception. "Galaxy Note 7's battery issue can make a consumer
re-examine her purchase decision. However, Samsung's integrity of communication
and quick pullout would give them a positive stroke," said Bijoor.

According to Gartner, market leader Samsung had 22.3% market share in second
quarter of 2016, nearly 10% more market share than Apple.

