

NEW DELHI: Samsung is all set launch its next Galaxy Note flagship at an event
in New York, US scheduled for August 2. But if you can't wait until that, this
is the news for you.Days before its official unveiling, the Galaxy Note 7 has
leaked in all its glory, starring in a full-length video.And that's not all.
There's also an official TV advertisement which confirms several 'rumoured'
specifications of the upcoming phablet, including iris scanner, S-Pen and
waterproofing. Read also: Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Ten likely features The
11-minute long video, as reported by GSMArena website, showcases a prototype
(for South Korean cellular operator SK Telecom) of the Galaxy Note 7. The device
variant is reportedly powered by Samsung's own Exynos 8890 processor coupled
with 4GB of RAM.

The video also reveals that the Galaxy Note 7 will have the same locking
mechanism for the S-Pen, as the one found on the current Galaxy Note 5.The next
Galaxy Note phablet is also confirmed to be named Galaxy Note 7 and not Note 6.
Explaining the 'new naming' Samsung earlier said - "There are a couple reasons
why. First, the Galaxy Note 7 will complement our Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and
unify our product portfolio. Second, the Galaxy Note 7 will minimize confusion
about the latest mobile technology from Samsung, and provide full alignment with
Galaxy S smartphone."Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will reportedly start at a price of
EUR 849 in Europe, roughly translating to around Rs 63,000. The device is
confirmed to run Android Marshmallow and not Nougat. The phablet will likely
sport a 5.7-inch QHD display of 1440x2560 pixel resolution.In the official
invite, Samsung says that its upcoming Galaxy Note 7 "will help people do more
at work, at home and everywhere in between."There's also mention of the device's
S-Pen stylus. "With added functionality of the S-Pen and large screen, the
Galaxy Note 7 is a powerful instrument for achievement and self-expression, and
is made for those who want to get the most from their phones - and their
lives."Watch the video:

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

