

Galaxy Note 7 has its name confirmed thanks to an image leak showcasing the
smartphone's logo, but it's definitely not what you expected

Samsung has effectively told us that the name of its upcoming Galaxy Note
flagship is not going to be called Galaxy Note 6, but Galaxy Note 7 thanks to
the latest leaked logo. The smartphone is expected to be this year's hottest
phablet Android smartphone and because of everything stacked inside it, Samsung
has probably given it a price tag that could cost you an arm or a leg, that is
of course if you decide to opt for a carrier service that best suits your
budget. According to a source, the unlocked model of Galaxy Note 7 is going to
carry a price of $799 Euros, or $904, which is not an affordable handset by any
means.

In fact, it puts the pricing of the unlocked model of iPhone 6s to shame, as it
costs $649. However, Samsung is going to make this Galaxy Note its greatest
ever, meaning that we will get to see quite a few changes, particularly from the
hardware side.

Galaxy Note 7 has been rumored to come with a dual-camera, in order to stay
ahead of the competition. We reckon that both cameras will be a 12.3MP sensor
present in Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. With a Galaxy Note 5 coming without an
expandable storage card slot and a smaller battery compared to a Galaxy Note 4,
Galaxy Note 7 has been rumored to come with a 4,000mAh and bring back the
microSD card slot to facilitate users, so we really want to see more features as
we move up a generation. After all, if you're going to spend over $900 on a
flagship smartphone, then every penny will count.

The question now arises as to which chipset is going to be present inside the
flagship. Rumors state that it is either going to be a Snapdragon 823, which is
different from a Snapdragon 820 in the sense that its quad-core Kryo processor
is running at a higher clock speed. Additionally, Galaxy Note 7 could also be
running an Exynos 8890 with its CPU running at a higher frequency. The
smartphone is going to be announced during the month of August, and whatever
cool new features that we have not been enlightened with this point will be made
available to us at that time.

Source

