

by Faisal Mohammed Naim faisal@timesofoman.com  The new S7 has bigger battery,
extendable memory, is waterproof and packs a bigger current generation processor
than the S6.


Back in time gone by, 'New' used to be really new: it possessed novelty. The new
didn't need to be cross examined to validate or actually discover its newness;
it could do that on its own. Today, however things have changed quite much ever
since the definition of new took a whole new dimension. From being a state,
'New' has morphed to being a trend.



The trend is hot in electronics, and even hotter in the smartphone market.
Around this time every year mobile phone biggies have to come up with a new
flagship model, even if there isn't anything actually new to offer. Leading the
bandwagon is Samsung, which religiously offers a new model every year for its
smartphone crown jewel; the 'Galaxy S' series. Since its initiation in June
2010, the 'S' series has seen seven instalments (in six years), with the latest,
the S7 launched just recently.

So how does the phone add up while many are still relishing the newness of the
S6 (which actually was something new with a total design overhaul)? Does it
really have something to fascinate further or just another hasty attempt to
remain on top? The honest answer is: "Not much really".

Compared to the S6, the S7 is almost identical. Just like the S6, the S7 also
has two avatars; the Flat and Edge, wearing the same stylish glass and metal
construction which did away with the Samsung's plastic affair. There is
difference in the size game though this time. While both S6 versions; flat and
Edge shared the same 5.1-inch QHD Super AMOLED screen, only that one screen was
flat and the other screen was curved-- this year the curved Galaxy S7 Edge jumps
up to 5.5-inches, while the flat Galaxy S7 stays at 5.1 inches. The bigger phone
also comes with a bigger battery -- 3600mAh versus the 3000mAh battery on the
S7.

The edges of the new S7's rear panel curving towards the frame make the phone
less slippery and more ergonomic, fitting into the palm of hand much better than
the S6. The rear camera sensor bump is also significantly reduced (almost
four-fold), allowing the device to look more compact and smoothly constructed.

On the technical front, the Galaxy S7 packs a Snapdragon 820 processor, while
the Galaxy S6 houses the Exynos 7420 processor, slightly lower but still very
much comparable to the Snapdragon 810. With a current generation processor and
an extra gigabyte of RAM - 4GB compared with 3GB -- the S7 is certain to be
faster than the S6. But the S6 is already a pretty speedy gadget and how
practical would the further increment be is a thing to wait and watch. For most
users it would probably be negligible. However, it is the camera where the S7
improves significantly. That is not at all to say the S6 camera lacked in any
manner. It is just that S7 has bettered the best. The S7 camera has lower specs:
12MP on the back, compared to the S6's 16MP, and 5MP on the front.

While the new camera may produce a lower number of pixels, it makes up for this
with dual-pixel technology; a feature that promises a substantial increase in
image clarity despite the lower pixel numbers.

At F/1.7, the lower camera aperture (rule of thumb: lower the better), means
even better low-light performance. Combined, the S7 focuses up to four times
faster in low-light conditions and twice as fast in daylight.

Chastised for reducing the battery size on the Galaxy Note 5 and S6, Samsung has
aptly responded to critics packing the S7 with a 3,000mAh battery, which is
bigger than even that of the Galaxy S5. However, Samsung still hasn't adopted
USB Type-C; the S7 remains on MicroUSB.

With the Galaxy S6's launch many users complained losing the MicroSD slot,
removable battery, water resistance, and MicroUSB 3.0 port of the S5. Samsung
has re-introduced some features from the Galaxy S5 with the S7, with MicroSD
slot supporting an upto 200GB expansion and much improved and very practical
IP68 certified water resistance; no clunky, unreliable external port covers to
protect the innards. The protection is all on the inside now.

The heart-rate monitor and fingerprint scanner remain as before, but the one
catchy feature you might dearly miss is the IR blaster. While both S5 and S6 had
the TV remote capabilities, we wonder why the S7 is bereft of it.

So finally is the Galaxy S7 a go or no go? Of course for the Galaxy devout it's
definitely a go-go, and it is also among the best options for someone looking to
buy their first top end smartphone.

And even if it doesn't sound good enough to the real smart smartphone user, who
cares? 'Latest is the best' is the buzzword in the smartphone arena, until some
real technological breakthroughs like augmented reality, flexible screen, or 3D
playback maybe.


Â© Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016 Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

