

The addition of the XBox Wireless Controller Support from Microsoft should
please fans of Minecraft game.

The Samsung VR headset users just got themselves a bonanza, with Microsoft
lending support for the XBox Wireless Controller to the device. During lengthy
gaming sessions especially, fans of the Minecraft game have trouble performing
due to the lack of integration for wireless support, making handling rather
tough during engaging gaming sessions. Though the Gear VR, powered by Facebook's
Occulus, has its own D-Pad, but does not add up to much without the controller.

Microsoft published a note on the blog, "Today, we're excited to announce that
the new Xbox Wireless Controller, will soon be compatible with
controller-enabled games on Samsung Gear VR starting with Minecraft: Gear VR
Edition. In addition, broader support across all Gear VR controller-enabled
titles like Herobound, Spirit Champion, Omega Agent, and End Space will be
available in the coming months."

Microsoft also mentioned to the audience, "right inside the world of Minecraft
and build, explore and battle mobs - all with a fresh perspective." Come this
October, and Microsoft will be lending the gaming support for Android devices,
which will ensure that the wireless controller will work directly with the Gear
VR device. But before this updates, the users will need to download the update
for the controller, following which the connection via bluetooth can be setup.

For gaming fans in general, there is valid reason to cheer for Microsoft, as the
company is working on making it compatible with controller supported Gear-VR
games and some future games too. Some of the listed phones from the Samsung
stable are as follows; Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy s6
edge+, Galaxy S6, or Galaxy S6 edge.

