

The local smartphone market is likely to improve in the second half this year
after growing by 1-3% in the first half, says Thai Samsung Electronics, a Thai
unit of South Korea's smartphone maker.

The improvement will be driven by intense competition among international phone
makers as well as 4G service operators, said Wichai Pornpratang, corporate
vice-president for IT and mobile communications of Thai Samsung Electronics.

Smartphones still recorded growth during the economic slowdown, he said. The
device remains important to Thais, who spend over four hours a day on mobile
phones.

"We see positive signals of economic improvement and consumer purchasing power
happening in the second half of the year," said Mr Wichai.

Smartphone sales for the year will grow only 5%, with at least 60% of new
smartphones 4G-enabled, he said. Under current economic circumstances, the
replacement cycle for smartphone is 18-24 months.

Samsung introduced the Galaxy Note 7 yesterday, its flagship smartphone, to
cement its market leadership in Thailand.

Samsung Thailand's sales beat its projection in the first half thanks to the
popularity of the Galaxy S7, J and A series. In the second half, the Galaxy Note
7 is expected to attract 1 million existing Galaxy Note users to change their
phones.

"Our pre-booking orders for the Galaxy Note 7 in Thailand are higher than the
Galaxy S7 by 30-40%, while in South Korea they were doubled," said Mr Wichai.

The new model has a 5.7-inch display screen, 64 gigabytes of storage, an S Pen
that can write on wet screens and an iris scanner for security control including
instant translation.

The product will be available from Sept 9 for 28,900 baht, though users who
pre-book can pick one up on Sept 2-4. The launch was delayed from Aug 19 because
of the complexity of advanced features like the iris scanner as well as the
flood of orders.

He said big-screen smartphones larger than 5.5 inches and priced around US$600
are gaining in popularity, driving premium smartphone sales globally, including
in Thailand. Large-screen smartphones will account for 35% of total unit
shipments and half of revenue globally in 2016, said Mr Wichai.

Larger-screen smartphone users also spend more time with their devices than
those with regular-sized screens -- 20% longer for entertainment applications,
32% longer when playing games and 59% longer for business and finance apps, he
said.

Mr Wichai said premium smartphones account for 15-20% of smartphone shipments
and 40-50% of revenues in Thailand.

