


HIGHLIGHT:Â Analysis: As Samsung launches a Galaxy S7 leasing programme, what
impact could this have on the business mobile market?


The news that Samsung has launched a pilot programme in France allowing
customers to lease devices and change the model when a new one is released might
prompt questions from UK customers as to when they can get the same deal.

The deal, called Up2you, covers the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge and the plans for the
models cost [#x20ac]27 and [#x20ac]30, respectively.

According to La Tribune, product marketing director for Samsung France Guillaume
Berlemont said that Up2you will be extended to other markets if it is
successful.

He said that the company wants 10-15 percent of its high-end smartphone users to
be with Up2you within two years.
T-Mobile offers a leasing programme in the US to the consumer market.

In the UK, the only phone leasing model available is offered by O2, which offers
the latest phone on a 12-month Business contract with no up-front costs. The
contract is available with the company's business tariffs.

Particularly in the business market, the leasing model has considerable
advantages. Rather than being tied down into a long-term contract with a device
or set of devices that may quickly become obsolete, the business users will
always have access to the latest functionality.

Rob Bamforth, Principal Analyst at Quocirca, says that this will get around the
challenge of employees wanting to have the latest thing.

This is particularly true when employees are using corporate-issued smartphones
perhaps alongside their own device.

"Nokia used to go through quick releases of new handsets," he says. "There would
be a tendency for business users to 'accidentally' break their phones to get an
upgrade. People don't want to feel they are being left behind by new
technology."

Bamforth says that the model might make sense at a time when smartphones are
still on fairly regular release cycles and the demands of software are steadily
increasing.

From a carrier perspective, the key question would be what to do with the old
smartphones.

"There may be opportunities for them to for example move them on to other
markets," says Bamforth.

An advantage though would be the possibility of getting people onto longer
contracts.

"If you could sign people onto three or five year rolling contacts it could be
quite appealing to large enterprises.

Outside of the business market, the deal may appeal to consumers who have a
tendency to upgrade.

The fact that O2 has had such an offer in place for around five years and there
has not been any competition from other operators possibly indicates that it is
not yet delivering results.

However, there is strong potential there if the various barriers can be
surmounted.

