

Samsung Electronics Co reported second-quarter profit that beat analysts'
estimates, fueled by stronger sales of Galaxy S7 smartphones and aggressive cost
cuts.

Net income, excluding minority interests, was 5.83 trillion won ($5.1 billion)
in the period, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in a filing on
Thursday.

That compared with the 5.64 trillion won average of estimates compiled by
Bloomberg. The company also announced a 1.79 trillion won share buyback, the
final stage of a plan announced last year.

Samsung has benefited from sluggish sales of iPhones as US wireless carriers
promoted the Galaxy S7 for high-end consumers, helping reduce marketing
expenses. That could change in the second half as the company faces new models
from Apple Inc.

Lower prices for semiconductors and displays have also helped sales of the
company's other consumer electronics.

"The smartphone and TV divisions led the earnings surprise for the quarter,"
said Greg Roh, an analyst at HMC Investment Securities in Seoul.

"Samsung did well in the first half, but it's a matter of how well it could
defend itself from the overall downside risks in the second half."

Shares of Samsung fell 1.3 percent to 1,507,000 won at the close of trade. The
stock has gained 20 percent this year after three straight annual declines.

"We will be implementing very active marketing activities in the second half to
drive up actual purchases and through this, we plan to continue to maintain
overall sales of our premium handsets," Lee Kyeong-tae, vice-president of the
mobile communications business, told a conference call.

Samsung will unveil its next-generation Note device with larger displays on Aug
2 in New York, Brazil and in London, the company said. While the company is
finalizing its capital spending plans, it expects a slight increase from the
year earlier.

Revenue was 50.9 trillion won in the second quarter, slightly higher than the 50
trillion won of its July 7 preliminary earnings announcement.

Samsung's earnings came the same day that June quarter data on the global market
were released, showing the fastest growth coming from Chinese vendors. Samsung
maintained its global leadership and shipped 3.4 percent more smartphones, while
those at fourth-ranked Oppo Electronics Corp more than doubled and fifth-placed
vivo Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd jumped 62 percent, according to data
from Counterpoint Research.

Research company Canalys said the worldwide smartphone market grew modestly in
the second quarter after a disappointing first quarter.

Global shipments reached over 330 million units, with Samsung leading the market
with shipments around 80 million units.

It said Apple shipped 40 million iPhones in the quarter, a second consecutive
annual decline in shipments. In third place, Huawei Technologies Co's shipments
increased to 31 million on the back of record shipments in China and continued
growth in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.

Visitors test Samsung Galaxy S7 edge smartphones at its showroom in Seoul. AFP

(China Daily USA 07/29/2016 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/25/146978405762.jpg

eca86bda350e1904df2b0b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/16/146978406078.jpg

eca86bda350e1904df2f0c.jpg

