

NEW DELHI: World's largest smartphone maker Samsung said its April-June net
income rose 2 percent over a year earlier to 5.85 trillion won ($5.17 billion),
compared with 5.75 trillion ($4.9 billion) won a year earlier.

" Samsung's revenue for the quarter was KRW 50.94 trillion, an increase of KRW
2.40 trillion YOY, while operating profit for the quarter was KRW 8.14 trillion,
an increase of KRW 1.24 trillion YOY," a statement said.

The second quarter saw significant earnings growth led by strong performance
both in the set and component businesses. Overall earnings of the set business
improved YOY as well as QOQ due to the continuous sales increase of premium
products.

The IT & Mobile Communications (IM) Division saw substantial earnings
improvement led by expanded sales of flagship products such as the Galaxy S7 and
S7 edge. A streamlined mid-to low-end smartphone lineup also contributed to
improved profitability. Operating profit for the IM Division was KRW 4.32
trillion.

The Consumer Electronics (CE) Division achieved significant earnings growth YOY
led by strong sales of its premium lineup such as SUHD TVs, Chef Collection
Refrigerator, AddWash washer and newly launched air conditioner.

The component business achieved solid performance although overall earnings
decreased YOY due to ASP declines in the industry. Earnings for the Display
Panel segment improved QOQ led by increased OLED capacity utilization and
stabilized LCD panel yields. Demand for semiconductors for mobile and SSD
increased and the company achieved solid growth with a competitive edge in
differentiated products, including 20-nanometer DRAM, V-NAND and 14-nanometer
mobile AP.

The company estimated that the stronger Korean won against major currencies in
the second quarter negatively impacted operating profit by approximately KRW 0.3
trillion, reflected mainly in the component business earnings.

Looking ahead to the second half of 2016, the company expects its solid
performance to continue compared to the first half, mainly driven by earnings
increase in the component business due to sales growth in high value-added
products and stable demand and supply conditions. The set business is expected
to continue its stable earnings while the IM Division expects marketing
expenditure to increase.

In the third quarter, the company expects the component business to maintain its
solid performance due to improved demand and supply conditions for memory chips
and LCD panels and stable earnings for OLED and System LSI. For the set
business, the company forecasts marketing expenditure for the IM business to
increase mainly due to a new flagship product launch and fierce competition in
the industry. Meanwhile, weak seasonality is likely to impact the CE business.

Capital expenditure (CAPEX) for the second quarter was KRW 4.2 trillion, which
includes KRW 2 trillion for the Semiconductor business and KRW 1.6 trillion for
the Display Panel business. The accumulated total CAPEX for the first half was
KRW 8.8 trillion.

The annual plan for CAPEX has not yet been confirmed but is projected to
increase slightly compared to last year. This year's CAPEX will be concentrated
on OLED and V-NAND capacity as the company sees strong market demand for OLED
panels for smartphones and V-NAND SSD.

The Semiconductor business posted KRW 12 trillion in consolidated revenue and
KRW 2.64 trillion in operating profit for the quarter.

The memory business enjoyed solid growth in demand in the second quarter. Orders
for high-density NAND and DRAM products contributed to solid earnings QOQ. This
was coupled by a reduction in cost from continuous process migration.

In NAND, shipments of SSD remained strong in the quarter, as enterprise
companies increasingly made the transition from HDD to SSD so as to reduce total
cost of ownership (TCO).

Orders for high-density mobile storage products over 32GB also helped drive
sales, mainly due to the expanded adoption by Chinese companies. Samsung
actively responded to orders for high-density mobile products over 64GB and
enterprise SSD over 4TB and increased supply of the industry's first 48-layer
V-NAND.

In DRAM, demand climbed QOQ as smartphone manufacturers bought more high-density
mobile DRAM and demand for high-density products increased following the launch
of a new server platform.

A supply imbalance of some applications led to greater demand for Samsung's
20-nanometer high-density, high value-added mobile and server products.

Looking ahead, for NAND, increased adoption of high-density products and strong
seasonality will further drive demand growth in the second half. Growth in
high-density, premium SSD products will continue, and the launch of new products
by smartphone manufacturers is expected to raise demand for mobile storage.
However, supply and demand will be tighter in the second half, due to soft
industry supply growth.

For DRAM, the launch of new smartphones and the increasing adoption of 6GB
memory chips in high-end smartphones will spur shipments of mobile DRAM in the
second half. Shipments of high-density server products will be strong, as more
data centers make the transition to a new server platform.

The System LSI business saw gains QOQ, thanks to stronger demand for
14-nanometer mobile AP in premium smartphones and increased sales of high
megapixel image sensors. In the second half, increased sales of mid- to low-end
mobile AP and LSI products are expected to provide a stable revenue stream.

The Display Panel segment posted KRW 6.42 trillion in consolidated revenue and
KRW 0.14 trillion in operating profit for the quarter driven by increased
shipments of OLED panels and enhanced yields for new LCD TV panel production
technology.

For the OLED business, second quarter earnings improved QOQ due to healthy sales
of flagship smartphones and increased demand for flexible panels. High fab
utilization rates with the help of an expanded mid to low-end product portfolio
also contributed to improved earnings.

For the LCD business, the second quarter saw a continuation of QOQ growth under
a gradual recovery in the supply-demand balance. The company was able to achieve
growth thanks to improved yields for new TV panel production technology as well
as expanded TV sales particularly for large-sized UHD panels.

Looking ahead to the second half, the OLED business, Samsung expects demand for
OLED panels to rise despite a likely slowdown in the smartphone market. To
remain competitive, the company plans to actively address customer demand and
reinforce profitability by expanding the proportion of high value-added products
such as flexible and high-resolution displays. Samsung will also seek to secure
supply capacity according to market demand while expanding its customer base and
new applications.

As for the second-half outlook for the LCD industry, Samsung expects supply and
demand to improve thanks to increased demand under strong seasonality as well as
continuous UHD TV market growth and size migration towards larger screens. In
response, the company will focus on enhancing profitability by improving cost
competitiveness and expanding its portfolio to high value-added products
including ultra-large size, high-resolution and curved panels.

The IM Division posted KRW 26.56 trillion in consolidated revenue and KRW 4.32
trillion in operating profit for the quarter.

Samsung's earnings improved QOQ thanks to strong sales of its flagship Galaxy S7
and S7 edge smartphones. Additionally the company achieved growth in the second
quarter by maintaining the profitability of mid- to low-end models, such as the
Galaxy A and J series, and improving the product mix by raising the sales
proportion of the Galaxy S7 edge to over 50 percent.

Demand for smartphones and tablets in the second half is forecast to increase,
however, market competition is expected to strengthen as other companies release
new mobile devices. Despite this outlook, Samsung will focus on YOY earnings
increase by strengthening its high-end line-up and maintaining solid
profitability of mid to low-end products.

Looking into the third quarter, the release of a new large-screen flagship
smartphone will help to maintain solid sales of high-end smartphones led by the
Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.

Samsung will also focus on expanding smartphone sales including this year's new
Galaxy A and J series and the debut of the Galaxy C series exclusively for the
China market.

Samsung will focus on increasing smartphone sales under strong seasonality with
the launch of a new model, while expecting marketing expenses to increase QOQ
due to seasonality.

As for the Networks business, earnings improved due to increased LTE investment
of major carriers in the second quarter.

The Consumer Electronics Division - encompassing the Visual Display (VD),
Digital Appliances (DA), Printing Solutions and Health & Medical Equipment (HME)
businesses - posted KRW 11.55 trillion in consolidated revenue and KRW 1.03
trillion in operating profit for the quarter.

In the second quarter, global TV demand remained flat YOY due to sluggish
economic conditions in major emerging markets that offset the growth experienced
in developed markets. Amid these challenging conditions, Samsung achieved solid
YOY earnings by successfully launching new products, including SUHD TVs, and
increasing sales of premium products on the back of global sporting events.

For the appliances business in the second quarter, although growth momentum
continued in North America, global demand declined YOY due to slower growth in
China and the impact from the economic slowdown in emerging markets. Despite
these circumstances, earnings improved from the same period of the previous year
thanks to increased sales of premium products such as the Chef Collection
refrigerator and the AddWash and activ dualwash washing machines.

