

Q. Which Samsung Galaxy phones are affected by the battery problems?

A. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 device is the only model currently involved in the
battery situation, and the company says it has stopped selling that version of
the device. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge models and older members in the
Galaxy S line are not affected.

Since the Galaxy Note 7's release last month, Samsung has received 92 reports of
batteries overheating in the United States, including 26 reports of burns and 55
reports of property damage, according to the United States Consumer Product
Safety Division. A manufacturing defect in the particular lithium-ion battery
used by that model is believed to be the cause of the combustibility.

Although not initially part of an official government recall (which may have led
to some confusion) the situation prompted Samsung to set up a voluntary safety
recall program for all Galaxy Note 7 owners to swap out their current phones for
new ones. As of Sept. 15, the Consumer Product Safety Commission made it a
formal recall.

If you have a Galaxy Note 7, Samsung advises contacting the wireless carrier or
retail store where you originally purchased the phone for details about making
the trade. Those who bought the model directly from Samsung's website should
call the company at 1-844-365-6197 or visit www.samsung.com for information.

Within the exchange program, Galaxy Note 7 owners can either trade in their
phones for a new version of the same model or trade in the Galaxy Note 7 for a
different type of Samsung smartphone. The company will refund any price
difference between models. In both cases, Samsung is also handing out a $25 gift
card or bill credit to participants. A full refund for the phone is also
possible.

A statement on Samsung's website confirms that the replacement Galaxy Note 7
models have now been approved by the C.P.S.C. and will be headed to stores for
the exchange by Sept. 21.

Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the C.P.S.C. have issued warnings
advising Galaxy Note 7 owners not to use, charge or pack their phones in checked
baggage. The C.P.S.C. site has its own information about Samsung's recall and a
form to report incidents with the device.

Personal Tech invites questions about computer-based technology to
techtip@nytimes.com This column will answer questions of general interest, but
letters cannot be answered individually.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/20/technology/personaltech/what-to-do-if-you-have
-a-samsung-galaxy-note-7.html

