

Pakistanis possessing Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in Pakistan can now get
it exchanged or obtain a refund inside the country from Samsung.Samsung has been
struggling to contain a snowballing safety crisis as it recalls Note 7
smartphones with exploding batteries that have been catching fire.

Although Samsung did not launch the Note 7 in Pakistan, it has decided to cater
to customers who acquired the smartphones from abroad or from local vendors.In
addition to its request to customers to back up their data and switch off their
Note 7 smartphones, Samsung has given Pakistani customers the following options
to get rid of the smartphone:Get a full refundCustomers possessing a proof
purchase for their Galaxy Note 7 will be refunded the full amount mentioned on
the receipt.

In case a customer has no proof of purchase, they will be refunded a fixed
amount of $817.Exchange with S7 edgeNote 7 owners can also opt to exchange their
smartphone, with Samsung offering its flagship Galaxy S7 edge and a refund of
Rs10,000 in return.

The company has asked customers who pre-booked the phone to contact the relevant
retailers to get a refund".PR disasterThe South Korean conglomerate called a
halt to worldwide sales and exchanges of the troubled handset, as the federal US
consumer regulator issued an alarming warning of the possible dangers the device
posed to its owners, their families and homes.

The announcement came a little over a month after the world's largest smartphone
maker announced a recall of 25 million Note 7s in 10 markets following
complaints that its lithium-ion battery exploded while charging.The
unprecedented move has turned into a PR disaster for the company, which prides
itself on innovation and quality, and the situation only worsened when reports
emerged a week ago of replacement phones also catching fire.

