

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 or Galaxy S7 edge? For consumers, the choice will boil
down to productivity.

Samsung has officially launched Galaxy Note 7 in India at Rs 59,900. The Galaxy
Note 7 is the first in the Note series to feature a dual curved edge display,
which also makes it more like a Galaxy S7 edge.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will be available in India starting September 2, but the
biggest issue for any consumer will be deciding which one to buy. Having used
both Galaxy Note 7 and Galaxy S7 edge, we help you make that decision easier.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and Galaxy S7 edge are similar not just in terms of
design, but in specifications as well. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and S7 edge, both
are powered by the company's own Exynos 8890 processor coupled with 4GB RAM.
While Samsung Galaxy S7 edge's base memory is 32GB, the Note 7 comes in only one
variant with double the base storage at 64GB. Samsung says consumers really
demand higher storage, and it was natural for the company to go with this extra
space. Plus in case of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 the expandable storage stands
at 256GB.

If you are someone clicking lots of pictures and shooting 4K videos, every extra
gigabyte of data matters, and Samsung's decision to double the storage is a step
in the right direction.

While Samsung Galaxy S7 edge features a 5.5-inch QHD display, Note 7 has a
slightly bigger 5.7-inch display. While Note 7 may not be as pixel dense as the
Galaxy S7 edge, the device surely makes up for it with HDR mode. Samsung Galaxy
Note 7 is the first smartphone to HDR mode enabled display.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7's HDR mode enables the display offer better contrast
ratio, and wider colour gamut. While the HDR mode won't have much effect in
normal day to day stuff, it will be extremely useful while binge watching on
Netflix.

Another first for Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is the Iris Scanner, which allows device
unlock with facial recognition. Samsung says it plans to make Iris Scanner the
only recognition method for device unlock, app unlock and even authorising
banking transaction. Samsung Galaxy Note7's iris scanner is really quick. It
unlocks device in a flash and is really useful.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 stays true to its name with the new S Pen. The S Pen now
features a 0.7mm tip which offers superior inking. The responsiveness of the S
Pen has been improved remarkably and it also comes with new features like -
Translate, Magnify and Glance. With Translate, Note 7 users can directly
translate any text to any language. Since the translation tool here is powered
by Google Translate, there is rich access to many languages. Samsung S Pen's
Translate feature also natively supports 13 Indian languages, which will be
extremely useful if you are taking a cross country road trip.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 starts at Rs 59,900, while Galaxy S7 edge with 32GB
storage is priced at Rs 55,900. At Rs 4,000 extra, Galaxy Note 7 packs that same
incredible display with HDR mode, same fast processor, same 4GB RAM and double
the storage.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 also offers superior security with Iris scanner and most
importantly the S Pen. If you are out in the market for a productive Android
smartphone then you definitely can't go wrong with Galaxy Note 7.

