
DATELINE: HONG KONG

ABSTRACT

The South Korean technology conglomerate forecast its best quarterly profit
figure in two years as its phones held their own against Apple's.

FULL TEXT

Six months after it warned that 2016 would be a tough year, Samsung Electronics
is showing that new technology and new phones are beginning to pay off.

The South Korean technology conglomerate said on Thursday that its estimated
operating profit for the three months that ended in June rose 17 percent from
the period a year earlier. The jump in growth beat analysts' expectations and
led to the company's best quarterly profit figure in two years.

At the heart of the recovery is the sustained popularity of Samsung's flagship
Galaxy S7 phone, which analysts say has sold well despite the competitive
pressures from Apple. Bolstering that success are steady sales of the company's
lower-end phones.

If Samsung's profit growth in the first half of 2016 comes from weathering
difficult conditions in the global smartphone markets, analysts say the rest of
the year will be more dependent on its lesser-known products: memory components
and screen technology.

A potential slump in smartphone sales in the third quarter could be ''offset by
improving earnings of the semiconductor division and Samsung Display,''
according to a report from the Shinhan Investment Corporation, a Korean
securities brokerage firm.

Samsung said that operating profit would be 8.1 trillion won, or about $7
billion, in the second quarter, compared with 6.9 trillion won a year earlier.
The numbers released on Thursday were preliminary; Samsung will post its final
results later this month.

Samsung's new screen technology - which uses so-called organic light-emitting
diodes - in its own smartphones has given it a production advantage. Samsung
uses that technology, which is more efficient and creates thinner and more
flexible screens, to give its Galaxy S7 Edge phones curved edges that create the
impression that the screen drops off the side of the device.

While Samsung lost ground to Apple in important Asian markets after the American
company began offering iPhones with larger screens, the distinctive look of the
S7 has helped Samsung hold its own this year.

The OLED technology could pay off for Samsung because more and more mobile
phones - made by Samsung and others - are expected to use the screen. The screen
technology will probably be central for the highly anticipated foldable or
bendable Samsung smartphone models that may be released next year.

Morgan Stanley analysts have said that they expect Apple to also adopt the
technology for its screens in 2017. Other analysts have said Samsung is already
in the process of adding more OLED production, converting plants that formerly
produced LCD panels. In the first quarter of 2016, Samsung remained in the lead
among the sellers of smartphones with a 25 percent global market share, selling
about the same number of units as it did in the same quarter a year earlier,
according to the research group International Data Corporation.

While Samsung has had difficulties competing with lower-cost Chinese phone
makers in crucial developing markets, most notably China, the company's
dominance in screens and memory chips means it can probably also profit by
selling expensive components to those companies. China's smartphone makers face
an uphill battle challenging the South Korean giant in more mature and
profitable markets.

