

Millions of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones have been recalled by Samsung after dozens
were reported to have exploded.

Samsung blamed an issue with the phone's battery for causing at least 35 of its
newest handsets to catch fire and melt while they were being recharged.

Photographs of warped and blackened Galaxy Note 7s began to be posted on social
media after the device was introduced last month. It was due to be launched in
Britain yesterday but Samsung has suspended sales across the world.

The recall comes at an unfortunate time for Samsung with Apple, its closest
rival, due to unveil its new iPhone on Wednesday evening next week.

Koh Dong-Jin, head of Samsung's mobile business, said: "We are deeply sorry for
causing concern ... and causing inconvenience among our users." At a press
conference in South Korea yesterday Mr Koh declined to say how much the recall
would cost but said that it would be "a big amount that is heartbreaking". He
said that the issue affected about 24 devices in a million.

The Note 7 is larger than a typical smartphone but smaller than a tablet and has
received positive reviews. Samsung has shipped more than 2.5 million of them
across the world. Samsung's Galaxy S7 smartphone is the most popular in the
world, ahead of the iPhone 6. The Galaxy S7 is not involved in the recall.

Like most smartphones, the Note 7 is powered by a lithium ion battery, which can
catch fire if it is damaged or has a manufacturing defect. Samsung did not
elaborate on the battery issue but said that Galaxy Note 7s sold in China were
not affected.

The company said: "In response to recently reported cases of the new Galaxy Note
7, we conducted a thorough investigation and found a battery cell issue. As of
September 1 there have been 35 cases that have been reported globally and we are
currently conducting a thorough inspection with our suppliers to identify
possible affected batteries in the market. However, because our customers'
safety is an absolute priority at Samsung, we have stopped sales of the Galaxy
Note 7."

Samsung said that customers who owned a Note 7 would be given a free replacement
in the coming weeks.

Lee Jang-Gyoon, an analyst at the Hyundai Research Institute, said: "Samsung
released the Note 7 early to secure a leading position in the market in advance
but now the impact of the move will be blunted."

